This review found that children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department visits and hospital admissions. There remains uncertainty as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to May 2017. The studies included in this review was up-to-date as of May 2018. We did not include studies in which participants were assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method, such as gender, age, sex, or gender ratio. We included studies that were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), where participants were randomly assigned to receive one treatment group or another treatment group, or a control group that received no treatment, or no treatment at all. The included studies were generally of low or uncertain quality, except for study size; most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. We found no differences between the two treatment groups in terms of side effects, although in 52 studies there was no difference when nitric oxide was used. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. We downgraded the quality of evidence because of small-study effects or because the number of participants was below 400.
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccination with 217 participants. All five trials reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of blood-borne parasites (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 children with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical infection were not reduced, but MSP andRESA significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial medication (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype of MPR2 were reduced, while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not (720 children).
This review found that electromagnetic field stimulation may offer some benefit in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of long bone fractures. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
This review found that there was no significant difference between the two groups in the proportion of patients who developed serious adverse events in the seven trials with 1143 participants reporting on this outcome, or in the number of patients discharged as day-procedure. The operating time was significantly longer in the control group (seven trials with 775 participants) than in the no-control group. This trial did not provide any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated.
This review found no evidence to support the effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicine for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathic neuropathy. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included herbal medicines should be made with caution.
We found five randomized controlled trials (RCTs), involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 orT4) breast cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, reduction in biochemical progression favoured the IAS group. Studies primarily reported on adverse events. One trial (n = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomasta and asthenation) between IAS (two events), with the exception of impotency, which was significantly lower in the IAN group. Overall, IAS was also as effective as placebo for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles.
We identified 12 trials involving 7,119 participants which were at moderate risk of bias. Five trials were randomised to either immediate or delayed placement of an IUD. Seven trials examined immediate placement of IUD only. The evidence is current up to May 2017. We found that IUD use was higher immediately after abortion compared to delayed placement. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expelled IUD hormone levels. However, at six months postabortion, IUD usage was higher following immediate placement. Another trial found that women in the Nova T group were less likely to be more likely to stop using the IUD because of unwanted effects. The quality of evidence was moderate.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detect bias because of missing data due to abstract publication only, thus we judged the overall risk of bias as high.
We identified three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccines used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccination recipients (23%) were infected with varICElla compared with 42 out of 54 control participants (78%). In the three trials, most participants received pEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days after exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccination given more than three days after infection. No included trial reported on adverse events. We identified no RCTs for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 trials with 4704 participants in this review. The trials were at high risk of bias. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotics and one trial compared antibiotics given for an increased duration with no antibiotics. There were no differences between the trials to perform a meta-analysis. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the interventions and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There was no significant difference in the proportion of people who developed serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to one of the seven different antibiotics (three trials reported mortality and one other trial). None of these trials reported any differences in the percentage of people with serious side-effects. In one trial that compared antibiotics with antibiotics given with antibiotics that were allergic to antibiotics, there was no difference between the groups that received antibiotics that did not contain antibiotics. In the other trial, there is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or giving antibiotics for a longer duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery in terms of reducing infections.
This review found two small randomised controlled trials (involving 116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. The number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamniotic infection, gestational age at birth, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20.05). 
This review found no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed after caesareans. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication, and other important secondary outcomes, it may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin infection, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical.
We identified 11 studies with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea treatment and four examined a black tea treatment. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. No studies reported cardiovascular events. Green tea was found to produce statistically significant reductions in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and blood pressure over six months, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias.
This review found only two small randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 23 participants, which did not find any new studies for consideration in the review. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV-1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroids tapering.
We identified 56 studies involving 4068 participants. The majority of studies were carried out in people with cancer. A meta-analysis of the data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise interventions and 1187 control participants. At the end of the interventions period exercise was seen to be statistically more effective than the control interventions. Benefits of exercise were observed for interventions delivered during or after-adjuvant cancer therapy. In relation to cancer, we identified benefits of exercise on tired for individuals with cancer but not for those with haematological cancers. Finally, aerobic exercise significantly reduced tiredness but resistance training and alternative forms of exercise failed to reach significance. The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for patients with cancer-related tiredness during and after-cancer therapy.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were carried out in Germany, Italy, Belgium, Spain, Italy and Belgium. All trials reported results for overall survival and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to the our first published review (2011), the addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial increases survival advantage with BEACOPPs compared to control arms. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the BEACopP escalated arm compared to 120 in the control arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS, meaning that only 144 (121 to 168) patients would experience a progression, relapse or death after treatment. There is no evidence for a difference between both regimens for overall mortality, but the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumour-related mortality. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events, and the analysis shows that the escalation of treatment probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile and which arm might be favoured. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear.
We found 15 studies that involved 1835 patients. All studies were conducted in high-income countries and most studies were aimed at women and men. We found low quality evidence that less radical or functioning conserving approaches had similar RTW rates as more radical interventions. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. In one study women were offered a physical training programme. Five RCTs involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient guidance, biofeedback-based behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that interventions involving physical, psychological, psycho-education, patient-centred, or/or vocational components led to higher RRW rates than care as usual. In all studies a less radical approach was compared with a more radical approach.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of concern. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel.
This review found that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. The overall quality of the evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods.
This review found that there were no randomised controlled trials which examined the effectiveness of methods of communication to women. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a test result. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice.
This review found 17 studies with 1006 participants that compared psychological interventions with no psychological interventions. There was a significant reduction in the number of reports of chest Pain in the first three months following the interventions. This was associated with reduced chest Pain frequency, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on severity. The evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high risk of bias in the other domains.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised to receive either topical anti-histamines or mast cell stabilisers. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. We observed a large variability in outcomes reported. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. There were no reported serious adverse events.
In this review, we found two studies that involved 1505 Indigenous youth and were based in Native American populations (1505 in total). Both studies were carried out in the USA and one in Canada. The other study was based in the UK and one was in Australia. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population. Both studies found no difference between the skills-community arm and the control group for smokeless tobacco use at 42 weeks, but a significant difference was observed between skills-only group and control group. Whilst the second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the control arm at post test (p < 0.05), this was not maintained at six month follow-up. The studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the effectiveness of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
This review found only one trial involving 72 women. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. This trial found no differences in maternal mortality, perinatal mortality, or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events); congestive heart failure), acute splenic sequestration, haemolytic crises, and delayed blood transfusions reaction between the comparison groups. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and blood overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) were not reported by the trial. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise.
We identified 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. When direct and indirect comparisons were available, network meta-analysis provided additional effect estimates for comparisons where there were no direct comparisons. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. Paucity of data meant that we could not assess transitivity assumptions and inconsistency for most analyses.
This review found that the optimal treatment for pustule infection remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatment options available to them. There is no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycaramide (hydroxyurea) is effective.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 460 people with a blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found no significant differences between the drug groups in terms of blood pressure-lowering effects. We did not find any trials that evaluated the effects of loop diuretic medications on adverse effects. The quality of evidence for both systolic and diastolic blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. All trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias. There were considerable differences in the methods of local anaesthesia, including the location (subdiaphragmatic, gallumbadder bed, or both locations) and timing (before or after surgery) between the trials. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported mortality. One participant experienced the outcome of serious complications (eight trials; 446 participants; 1/236 (0.4%) in the control group; RR 3.00; 95% CI 0.13 to 67.06). Three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) versus 40/82 (48.8%) in control group). Pain scores were significantly lower in the group at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. The MD in length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. Serious adverse events were rare in studies evaluating the effectiveness of intraperitoneal instillation (very low quality evidence).
We identified 74 studies that were eligible for this review. We found that HRP-2 antibody-based tests (such as the Type 1 tests) tended to be more sensitive and less specific than pLDH-based blood tests, but the differences are small. In comparisons with microscopy, we identified 71 evaluations of diagnostic tests, eight evaluations of Type 2 tests and five evaluations of type 3 tests. In meta-analyses, average sensitivity and specificity were 94.8% (93.1% to 96.1%) and 95.2% (94.0% to 97.3%) for Type 1, and 99.5% (71% to 100.0%) and 90.6% for Type 3 tests, respectively. The number of people wrongly identified as infected with P. falciparinum would be 34 with Type 1 and nine with Type 4 tests. If the point estimates for diagnostic tests are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have symptoms have P.falciparum, diagnostic tests will miss 16 cases, and will miss 26 cases. Quality of life could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality.
We found five studies that were conducted in the UK, and tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. None of the studies reported on the effects of changing the length of consultation on resources used. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the absence of data on participants' characteristics and small sample sizes.
This review found only three small trials that evaluated virologic efficacy and safety of high dose versus low dose of the drug. All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none reported from developing countries. The studies were at a high risk of selection, performance/detection and selective outcome reporting biases. The review found that there was no significant difference in virolic suppression in the included studies (Milinkovic 2007; McComsey 2008; Sanchez-Conde 2005); Risk Ratio (RR) 1.09, 0.93 to 1.28), 0.94 (95% CI:0.59 to 1%.50) and 1.03). Symptomatic hyperlactation was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic2007 study; RR 0.21, RR 1.21 and RR 2.21. No adverse events were reported in any of the studies. Overall, the studies did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events.
We found 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants. We found five trials to be at low risk of bias and five to be of moderate quality. Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in intensive care unit (ICU) mortality without increasing the risk of barotrauma, and pooled data from four trials showed no difference in in-hospital mortality. Five trials (1450 participants) reported no differences in 28-day mortality, and one trial (1313 participants) found no difference between groups in hospital mortality. Data from seven trials (1508 participants) did not show any differences in risk of mortality. The quality of evidence was low, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions as part of an open lung ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome.
This review found 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that assessed the effectiveness of psychological interventions in the treatment of people who were randomly assigned to receive either a control group or a treatment group. Studies were often poor quality and included only a small number of participants. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report significant differences between treatment and control. There was no significant difference in quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire, in two studies, (48 patients), which showed a positive effect following cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). In one study, (51 patients), there was a significant difference between treatment groups in favour of bio-feedback, which is a form of psychological therapy that aims to improve the body's ability to cope with stress and anxiety. The remainder of the findings between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the shortcomings in trial design. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised controlled trials are required in this area.
We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall, that examined the efficacy and tolerability of psychopharmacological treatments for panic attacks. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference in effectiveness and side-effects in terms of response rate and drop-out due to any cause. We also found evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRIs) are better tolerated than placebo (when looking at the number of patients experiencing adverse effects). We did not find any differences between individual benzodiazepins. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence.
This review found that endoscopic stenting with plastic was associated with a lower risk of complications, but with a higher risk of recurrent biliary blockage prior to death when compared with surgery. When different types of plastic stents were compared to polyethylene stenting, only perflouro alkoxy plastic stenting had superior outcomes. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stenting.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 444 arterial cannulations in children and adolescents. Four RCTs were conducted in the USA and one in the UK, one in Australia and one each in Spain and Canada. The evidence is current up to May 2017. We found moderate-quality evidence that guidance of radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared with other types of guidance. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. Similarly, our results suggest, but do not confirm, the possibility of a positive influence of a beneficial influence of expertise in the use of expertise on first attempt success rate. We also found improved success rates within two attempts. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (involving 80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies conducted in Canada, which were conducted in general population studies in the 1970s and 80s. Two of the ITS studies evaluated the implementation of an advertising ban and one study evaluated the lifting of such a ban. Each study evaluated a different type of ban (partial or full) compared with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions during the control period. A meta-analysis of the two ITS studies showed an overall mean non-significant increase in beer consumption in the general population of 1.10% following the ban. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month by 14.89 kilolitres, and spirits sales decreased statistically significantly by 22.49 kilograms per month after the ban was lifted. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported in any of the studies. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to a serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population and serious level of imprecision.
This review found that there is no evidence of difference between MCT and low MCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitism. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to how well MCT is tolerated. No studies were found that addressed long-term outcomes. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important outcomes.
We included one small trial (involving 34 women) that was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding. We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniotic fluid. The trial was too small for meaningful assessment of substantive outcomes, where reported. Transcervical fluid was given with room temperature saline at 10 mg per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL per minute until delivered versus no fluid. All women were given intrauterine pressure control (such as a pressure catheter, acetaminopoietin, or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicilli and gentamyin). The trial did not report on this review's other primary outcomes. There was no clear difference in the incidence of endometritis, neonatal infections, and caesarean sections, nor in the duration of hospitalisation. The study did not provide any information about how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. The quality of the evidence was low, meaning that further research is likely to change the estimate of the true effect. The evidence in this review can neither support nor refute the use of transcervical amnioinfusions outside of clinical trials.
This review found three studies with a total of 1620 participants which evaluated the accuracy and utility of the Mini-Cog as a cognitive screening test in community settings. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. There were few studies assessing the diagnostic accuracy of the mini-COG in community setting. There was clinical and methodological heterogeneity between the studies which precluded a pooled meta-analysis of the results. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection.
We found 19 studies involving 2521 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool, mainly because amphetamine have powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Sixteen studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one study was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources.
We included 10 new studies with a total of 811 participants in this review update, bringing the total of included studies to 10 (811 participants). The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic headache, the dose of vitaminD given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported the number of participants who responded to treatment group average outcomes only. Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamins and minerals. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect is unlikely.
This review found that the addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine they were aimed at the organisation of care, and 20 studies targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. The effect on patient outcomes remained less clear as these were rarely assessed. The methodological quality of the studies was often poor.
We found five trials that included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The trials compared hormonal and intrauterine birth control methods with each other or with other methods of birth control. In the trials comparing two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continue. The only significant outcome was that a hormonal method had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group assigned to the LNG-IUS 20 (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.85), which may have little clinic relevance. We considered the overall quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review of trials found that there was a significant reduction in the symptoms of house mite allergy, but no difference in lung function. There was no consistent effect on lung function, although one trial found that the size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled corticosteroids. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylactic) must be considered.
This review found no new studies which were eligible for inclusion in this update. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials involving 1297 patients. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk of 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 0.88); hospital mortality was reduced with a RR of 0%. Overall mortality was not significantly different if a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in the control group was used. The effects on long-term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be ruled out.
We found 15 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 1833 participants. We found that the intravenous method of using isoflurana is comparable with the inhalation technique of using sevoflyrane to provide early emergence from anaesthetic. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. However, we found evidence of low quality from a limited number of studies. This means that further research is likely to change our confidence in the results.
This review found four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular events. The average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Assessment (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment (weighted Mean Difference (WMD) = 0.42, 95% CI 0.30, 0.53). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were significantly reduced significantly in three trials assessing this outcome. Three trials reported adverse effects requiring discontinuation of treatment and the combined results indicated no significant difference. When analysed separately, however, more patients in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
The evidence is current to May 2017. We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. We found no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes in non-complex lesions. In complex lesions, there were no statistically significant differences in re-stenosis rates at six months (RR 1.05; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.83 to 1.33) and at one year. In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac operations, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail pTCA), pTCRA may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 333 children under 24 months of age who were admitted to hospital with acute bronchial infection. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulisation of the respiratory syncytial virus (RRDNase) with no benefit in clinically meaningful outcomes. There was no significant difference in adverse events reported in a total of 11 patients from both treatment groups. In one RCT, four out of 11 children in the treatment group had atelectasis. Two of these patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after treatment. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental extra oxygen use or intensive care unit (ICU) admission.
We found two studies with 181 participants. One study was a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The other was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found moderate-quality evidence that the percutaneous approach was faster than the cut-down femoral artery access technique for short-term mortality, aneurysm exclusion, major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications. Only one study reported duration of intensive care unit (intensive care unit) and hospital stay, with no difference found between groups. No wound infections occurred in either study. There was no difference in major complication rate between groups, or in bleeding complications and haematoma. We detected differences in operating time, with percutaneously approach being significantly faster than cut-up femoral arteries access. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision.
This review found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragn, but was more likely to be associated with adverse effects. No new trials have been identified since the initial review.
This review found that there is no strong evidence to support any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) that are effective in preventing or improving cognitive function in adults with primary or metastatic brain tumour. Further research that tries to minimise the withdrawal of consent, and subsequently reduce the requirement for imputations procedures, may offer a higher quality of evidence.
We found two studies that were assessed as at high risk of bias, reporting data from 26 analysed participants. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies investigated the effectiveness of low-level treatment with laser compared to no treatment. One study found that there was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit, although the estimates were imprecise: a difference in mean change in the chin of 8.40 cm was reported in one study and fully reported in another. No studies reported on the effects of the treatment on patient-focused outcomes such as quality of life or adverse events. The overall quality of the evidence was very low as a result of limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of evidence and the imprecision of the results.
We found two randomised controlled trials (involving 281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. One trial was based on 161 pregnant women with a history of blood sugar problems. The other trial involved 282 pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF). Both trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. The trial did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal death or rates of preterm birth), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. There is an insufficient evidence from trials to assess the use of combined oestrogens and progestone for the prevention of miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
This review found 14 studies with a total of 1364 participants. Ten studies examined TCAs and two studies examined serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the control groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs, and a meta-analysis of data from two studies showed that the numbers needed to be treated with TCAs ranged from 7 to 16. The numbers needed for withdrawal due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 for TCAs (excluding three studies with no harmful effects leading to withdrawal) and 20 to 90 for SSRI.
This review found nine studies with a total of 4373 participants that evaluated the efficacy and side effects of this drug in the treatment of migraine headache. No new studies were found since the last version of this review. All studies treated attacks with single doses of medications. The higher dose was significantly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief. Adverse events were mostly mild and transient, occurring at the same rate with the higher dose.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (involving 3497 participants) that compared different types of artificial tear formulations. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty about the effectiveness and safety of different synthetic tears when compared with each other. However, we found that 0.2% and 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol were consistently more effective at relieving symptoms than in two trials assessing this comparison. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
This review found that there is limited evidence to evaluate second-line treatment in patients with HIV who fail first-line antiretroviral therapy. One randomised trial in 136 patients found no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained antibiotic therapy and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those who were on a third-line (3TC) or emtricitABine (FTC) versus those on a threeTC/FTC-sparing second-randomized control of viral infection. There were no trials identified comparing hormone inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations with non-thymidine analog combinations. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on hormone inhibitor-based regimens is encouraging.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We found that all investigated index tests had relatively low sensitivities with high variability. In contrast, specificities were consistently and markedly higher than sensitivities across all tests. Among the tests we examined, the lower lip bite test showed the most favourable diagnostic accuracy properties.
This review found that probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in reducing the duration and frequency of diarrhoeas. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of this newly-formulated therapy. Results concerning engagement with non-inpatient services favoured the control group in both the short term (n = 50, 1 RCT, MD 2.00, 95% CI 0.13 to 3). and medium term. Results for the adverse effects/events of death were measured by 12 months, but with no statistical significance. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF) imputation method used in analyses of the primary outcomes could overestimate treatment effect. No studies included active comparators. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pre-abalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily), with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. One new published study had an enriched enrolment randomised withdrawal (EERW) design. We found no new studies that were relevant to this review. Studies were generally of high quality, except for one new study that was of low quality. Studies did not provide enough information to allow us to draw any conclusions about the effect of preregabalin on quality of life. The quality of evidence was high for most of the outcomes, and was low or very low for other outcomes. We identified two new studies with classic design, and one new included study with an EERW design. The evidence was up to date as of May 2017. Pregablin increased the number of participants experiencing substantial benefit over 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment (at least 50% reduction after 12 weeks' clinical treatment) (450 mg: RR 1.8, 95% CI 1.4 to 2.7, 18, and 19 respectively for all doses combined (high quality evidence). Serious adverse events did not differ between active treatment groups. Withdrawals due to adverse events were about 10% higher with pregablin, but withdrawals due to lack of efficacy were about 6% lower. A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. A small study (177 participants) compared nightly with twice-daily pregarcin, and concluded there was no difference in effect. Two studies (1492 participants began initial dose titration, 687 participants randomised) had a design that was based on a randomised controlled trial in which those who were not satisfied with the effective dose (300 to 600 mg pregarlin daily) or a short down-titration for 13 or 26 weeks. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced adverse events. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved this outcome, similar to the result from studies of classic design.
This review found only one trial involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth, nor in rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean sections.
This review identified four studies that investigated the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions in Indigenous populations. Two studies used combination therapy consisting of a combination of a drug plus cognitive and behavioural interventions, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Studies were carried out in Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the United States, and one study was based in the United Kingdom. The results of the studies suggest that smoking cessation programmes aimed at improving the health of Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However this evidence base is not strong with a small number of methodologically sound trials investigating these interventions. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available to evaluate the effects of smoking-related interventions, despite the known success of these interventions in non-Indigenous populations.
We included 13 studies involving 5686 patients. The studies were conducted in the United States and the UK. We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for meta-analysis. The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality was 1.02 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96 to 1.09) and for the studies of surgery patients the RR was 0.98. Of the eight studies that evaluated the effectiveness of pre-operative optimization, there was no difference in mortality when these studies were examined separately. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias. The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood collection in term neonates. Further well designed randomised controlled trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedures.
This review found that there is currently insufficient evidence to either to support or refute the use of secondaries for the management of broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Only three studies indicated that compared with antiviral medications, medicinal herbs may be effective in the management of flu-like symptoms and symptoms of infection. No obvious adverse events were reported in the included studies. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. More high-quality RCTs are needed.
This review found eight studies with a total of 585 participants that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of thrombolytic, fibrin, and over-the-wire catheter exchange. The evidence is current to May 2017. The review found no evidence to suggest any specific treatment is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. There is insufficient evidence to support physical interventions over the use of pharmacological agents in the acute setting. Pharmacological interventions appear to have a bridging role and long-term catheter survival may be improved by fibrins.
This review found that the addition of one or more medications to the standard chemotherapy schedule was associated with a statistically significant advantage for tumour response in women with metastatic breast cancers. However, this benefit was also associated with increased toxicity.
This review found that patients discharged from a neonatal intensive care unit are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a result of an increased length of inpatient stay. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence to support the greater benefit of one therapy regimen over another, or to support a treatment with greater efficacy compared to other non-surgical interventions. No studies reported any adverse effects, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. More adverse effects data are required before any firm conclusions can be made.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastarin, atorvastarin (a drug that blocks blood flow to the heart), simvastin, clofibrates, and conjugation of oestrogens. There was no evidence that such interventions reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death. Three studies showed a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular complications in those with a previous history of heart attacks or strokes. There is evidence that there is no clear evidence of beneficial effect in patients with previous haemorrhagic strokes and it is unclear whether such interventions should be started immediately post-stroke or later.
This review found that comprehensive tobacco control programmes can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. The intensity and duration of mass media campaigns may influence effectiveness, but length of follow-up and concurrent secular trends can make this difficult to quantify.
We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants that compared yoga with no therapy or with psychosocial/educational interventions. We found that yoga improved health-related quality of life in the short term. Yoga did not appear to be as effective as other exercise interventions and might be used as an alternative to other exercise programmes. Investigators reported no serious adverse events. No trial adequately reported safety-related data.
We found one study that compared early post-operative surgery with no early surgery with respect to overall survival. The study was at high risk of bias overall. Although patient characteristics in the study arms were comparable, there was no evidence on the effectiveness of other types of surgery schedules. In addition, we found no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different surgical strategies. The effect of different surgery schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 161 people, that were randomised trials that compared chlorparin with metiAPine. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no data available for the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Clinically important improvement of global state was measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference in global state and numbers of participants with parkinson at eight weeks were similar (2 RCTs, n = 70, RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.46 to 2.03).
This review found that nitro-imidazole antibiotics, azathioprine/6-MP and inflizimab all appear to be more effective in preventing post-operative recurrence of Crohn’s disease. However, these drugs were associated with a higher risk of serious adverse events. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post-operation prophylaxis.
We included seven studies with a total of 885 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behaviourally coping skills training (one study), 12-step programme, brief intervention (three studies), brief interventions (two studies, one study, two studies), motivational interview, and brief motivational interview. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. There was no significant difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol use, measured as scores on the Addiction Severity Index-alcohol score (ASI), and retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment), or for any of the secondary outcomes reported. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harms. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior.
We identified 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. The most commonly used dose was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described randomisation and allocation concealment adequately adequately. The quality of evidence was low or moderate for most of the outcomes. There is no evidence to judge optimal dosage or duration of treatment. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor side-effects, mainly gastrointestinal problems, but no significant differences in major side effects. One participant suffered from thrombocytopena, a type of blood clot, which is a blood clot that can lead to death. There was moderate quality evidence that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious side effects is not significantly greater than for control in the identified trials, but because serious adverse events can be rarely fatal, in some countries the use of quinsine is severely restricted. Further research into these alternatives, as well other pharmacological and non-drug treatments, is required.
We found seven randomized controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg pain and four trials enrolled people with idiopathic leg pain. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no trials that evaluated the effectiveness and side effects. We could not determine the number of people with minor side effects, but studies generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency and intensity. The quality of the evidence was moderate, meaning that further research may change our confidence in the results.
We found one study that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The trial used change in walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a measure of function; a minimal detectable change is 24.0 m. A clinically meaningful increase in VO2max is 3.5 mL/kg/min. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT) total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-quality evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision.
This review found that surgery may be more effective than physiotherapy, but there is little or no difference in the long-term. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it. It is unclear whether the short-term risks of surgery are offset by longer-term benefits.
This review found that telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included 84 studies with 22,872 participants. Studies were of moderate or low quality. We found effects in favour of MI for the quantity of alcohol consumed, frequency of alcohol consumption, peak blood alcohol concentration, or blood-related problems. We also considered other alcohol-related behavioural outcomes, and at four or more months follow-up, we found no effects on binge drinking, or on other harmful behaviours. None of the studies reported harm related to MI. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, and the quality of evidence is not strong, suggesting that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. Subgroup analyses revealed no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes, for assessment only versus alternative interventions controls; for university/college versus other settings; or for higher risk vs all/low risk).
We found 29 studies, involving 2210 people, that compared different interventions to improve inhaler technique. Studies were at low or unclear risk of selection bias and were at high risk of bias associated with blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training, and technique feedback devices. Most studies did not report important improvement in clinical outcomes. We found no evidence about harmful effects. Studies did not provide enough information to allow us to draw conclusions about the impact of interventions on quality of life or on the number of people who dropped out of work or school.
This review found three small trials involving 226 participants. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic acute ischaemia, and the other two trials included patients who were not so likely to have a stroke. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. Based on these three trials neither beneficial nor harmful effects could be proved. The confidence intervals for the treatment effect estimates were wide and included both clinically significant benefits and clinically significant harm as possibilities.
This review found that D-penicilline appears to have a clinically and statistically significant benefit on the activity of patients with arthritis. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
We found four relevant trials. All of the studies were of low quality. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese medicinal herbs. There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea and vomiting when decoctions were given in addition to chemotherapy. There were also a decrease in the rate of leukopenia (low white blood cell counts) and increased the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets. No studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC).
This review found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), which included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years of age, of all forms of genetic predisposition. All three trials were graded as low risk of bias for all other domains. None of the RCTs had protocols available, so selective reporting bias was unclear for all. In addition, one trial did not specify the method for random sequence generation, so there was an unclear risk of systematic error. We did not perform meta-analysis due to clinical heterogeneity of participants and interventions across the included trials. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. The primary outcome, mean change of visual field, which was not reported in any of the studies. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit on the progression of vision field loss or visual acuity at five years follow-up. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences inERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any other trials.
We included three trials with 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had arthritis, most with rheumatoid arthritis and to a lesser degree with osteoporosis. The interventions aimed to reduce job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months. The trials investigated job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning. Overall, we evaluated the two smaller trials as having a high risk of bias and the large trial as having no bias. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes.
We found three studies that included 285 neonates that compared with a control group that received no treatment. The evidence is current up to May 2017. We found that giving a drug to preterm infants was associated with a significant reduction in the risk that they would need to be treated with an additional drug (e.g. a blood sugar lower than normal). We found no significant differences in adverse effects related to the drug, including low blood sugar and low blood pressure. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size.
This review found four studies involving 1943 participants. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the efficacy and safety of inhaled nitric oxide (INCS) in the treatment of sinusitis confirmed by radiology or nasal endoscopic examination. No new trials were found for inclusion in this update. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms (73% versus 66.4%; risk ratio (RR) 1.11; 95% CI 1.04 to 1.18) and complete relief (mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg). No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses ofINCS.
This review found insufficient evidence to determine the risks of developing resistant organisms.
This review found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds by second intention.
We found seven trials that included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the implant. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. Older studies often lacked quantified results. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. One trial did not quantify results. A COC study reported a negative effect on lactation duration. Another trial showed a lower percentage of women breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group, but no significant difference at one year. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group, e.g. at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks. The other showed lower means (mL) for the POP group. One showed greater weight gain in the Etonogestrel implant group versus no method, but less versus POP. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater growth (grams) in the implant group compared with no method for six weeks. Another four trials showed no significant differences in milk volume or composition with two POPs, a COC, or the etonogesthetic implant. Five trials indicated no differences between groups in breast milk duration, implant placement times, COCs, or an LNG-iUS. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three trials of hormonal methods. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data.
This review found that red-light cameras are effective in reducing total traffic accidents. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance.
The review authors identified four studies involving 494 participants. The review authors analyzed each study separately because it was not possible to perform a subgroup analysis by inpatient or outpatient status. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved an INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. One study showed significant benefit of 10 mg versus 5 mg in patients with acute thromboembolism aged 18 years or older. No difference was observed in minor bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of hospital stay. The other study, consisting of both inpatients and outpatients, showed no difference. No differences were observed in recurrent venous thrombosis at 90 days, or in the number of patients who needed to be treated for an additional beneficial outcome. The quality of evidence was low or very low.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was only very low certainty for our other primary outcome, activities of daily living and functional performance, therefore we were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise, and the overall certainty for most results was very low.
This review found that home-based care does not appear to have a significant impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with care. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for children. Overall increased parental satisfaction was reported in three studies. Also, better parental coping and family functioning were reported in one study. No significant differences were reported on parental burden of care or on functional status of children. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and costs.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM versus non-ICM. ICM was compared with standard care for the outcome service use, ICM may make little or no difference in reducing the number of days in hospital per month (n = 2220, 21 RCTs, MD-0.08, 95% CI -0.37 to 0.10). Combining both variables within the model, 'organisation fidelity' is no longer significant, but the 'baseline hospital use' result still significantly influences time in hospital compared to non- ICM. Similarly, for the outcomes social functioning, there was uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment as compared to other interventions. Finally, the results showed that ICM probably reduces the need for admission to hospital, and may also reduce the risk of death by suicide.
This review found no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. None of the remaining secondary outcomes such as mortality and morbidity were reported when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee satisfaction.
This review found no evidence to support or refute the use of peroral glucocorticosteroid drugs for patients with primary sclerosing cholangita.
This review found that early nutritional support may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Further trials are required.
This review found that digital interventions may lower alcohol consumption, with an average reduction of up to three standard drinks per week compared to control participants. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing theory, Transtheoretical Model and Social Norms Theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the interventions. Substantial heterogeneity and risk of performance and publication bias may mean the reduction was lower.
We included 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepin treatment and 1475 to control of panic disorder. The remaining 634 participants were randomly allocated to other treatment groups in three-arm trials. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. In addition, we judged 20 of the 24 studies as having a high risk of bias in at least one domain. Two primary outcomes of efficacy and acceptability showed a possible advantage of benzodiazine over control of anxiety and depressive symptoms. The dropout rate was lower among participants treated in the studies. However, the number of dropouts due to adverse effects was higher in the benzoiazepine group than in the control group. Furthermore, our analyses of adverse events showed that a higher proportion of participants experienced a higher percentage of adverse effects in the treatment group compared to control groups. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzopoietine versus control provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. The choice of treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harm in a long-term perspective.
We found 13 studies involving 1520 participants. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline high blood pressure or high blood sugar, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with high-risk of having a heart attack or stroke. No studies reported on cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (all studies had follow-up of one year or less). There was also considerable heterogeneity between studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine studies statistically for cardiovascular risk (I2 statistic for systolic blood pressure (SBP) was 96%, for total cholesterol 96%, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol 95%, high-density lipid-cholester (LDL-C) 95%, and lipid-C 98%). Nine trials measured blood pressure, six individual trials found reductions in blood pressure and lipid levels, and two trials found no clear evidence of a difference between groups on lipid levels. Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai chi improved quality of life at three months. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of diabetes. Due to the limited evidence available currently no conclusions can be drawn as to the effectiveness of tai-chi on cardiovascular risk factors.
This review found that family-based interventions can have a positive effect on stopping children and adolescents from starting to smoke. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to other compairsons. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting.
This review found three studies involving 451 participants. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. Two studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, and one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company. We included two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days in the meta-analysis; no data were available that incorporated the same outcome measures for the third study. Corticosteroids were well tolerated. We found very low-quality evidence which neither supported nor refuted corticosterol use in this setting. The quality of evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and the small number of participants in the included studies.
We found 10 studies that included a total of 1345 children. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345), four children with HIV infections, four with cysts and one each with sickle cell diseases and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory problems. The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. We found that there was no significant difference between the studies in terms of the number of children who died or were admitted to hospital. There was an increased risk of emergence of pathogenic strains of bacteria with either Azithromycin or ciprofloxaccin prophylaxis in two studies reporting this outcome. In three studies, there was a significant increase in the frequency of adverse events with proptylaxis. In the one study of children with infective pneumococcus septicaemia, a significantly lesser proportion of children were reported with penicillin infection. In two studies assessing the benefit of azithromyin proprotylaxis, there were a significant reduction in the rate of acute exacerbations of pulmonary infections. In one study, a significant decrease in the rates of children requiring hospital admission per child-year of follow-up was reported with co-trimoxazoles. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 519 participants, which compared different gases for establishing pneumitoneum. Three trials were at low risk of bias, and one trial did not report the number of participants in each group. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitric oxide (three trials) and carbon (five trials) on cardiopulmonary complications, surgical complications, or surgical morbidity. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower scores on a scale of 1 to 10 on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low quality. Four trials (69 participants) were at unclear risk of biases. One trial (70 participants) was at unclear risks of bias. The quality of the current evidence is very low. There were no serious complications or serious adverse events related to either nitrousoxide or carbon. The evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that room air pneumopoietin may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal operations.
This review found 14 studies involving 303 infants. Eight studies investigated the cumulative dosage of corticosterol and five studies investigated a moderate versus a low cumulative dose. Three studies compared a high versus a moderate and five trials compared a lower versus a lower cumulative dexamethasisone dose. Four other studies enrolling 762 infants investigated early versus delayed initiation of steroid therapy and showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. Two studies investigating a standard versus a participant-individualized course of steroids showed no difference in outcomes between a moderate- and a low-dosage dose. Finally, two trials investigating a continuous versus a pulse versus a pulsed dose of steroids also showed an increased risk of the combined outcome death or abnormal neurodevelopmental outcome when using the pulse therapy. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ steroids and lack of long-term outcomes. A well-designed large randomised controlled trials are urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal steroid dosage schedule.
This review found that corticosteroid-treated and intravenous immunoglobulins did not reduce the risk of heart attacks and strokes in patients with acute rheumatic infection. However, the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias was substantial, so results should be viewed with caution. The three studies reporting on adverse events reported substantial adverse events. No new studies were included in this review.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that insecticides are effective in reducing the incidence of trachomas, however, this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides. However, another study did not find insecticide spraying to be effective. One study found that another measure, latrine provision, reduced the number of flies in the latrine by 29.5% compared to no control measure. Another study showed that health education reduced the risk that trachomies would spread to other parts of the community. Health education had shown significant benefits in one study, but this was not confirmed by a second study, which found that a modest health education programme with modest health supply did not reduce the risk of infection.
This review found that cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective in reducing the symptoms of tiredness compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapy.
We found only one low-quality clinical study which had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Participants were randomised to receive oral vitamin 3 (cholecalciferol) (n = 20) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Two participants from the treatment group have missing values of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D, therefore the number of samples analysed was 37 (vitamin D n = 18). Compared to the control group, the Vitamin D group had significantly higher serum 25(OH)D levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, but the quality of the evidence was low. Furthermore, the review included physical functioning PedsQL scores, which were reported as absolute change. Regarding the frequency of physical functioning, the vitamin group had a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than control group. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or fingers) between the vitamins D and control groups. The quality of evidence for this outcome was moderate. Therefore, the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice.
We found only one study that was funded by the Australian Research Council; the University of Sydney International Development Fund; Douglas and Lola Douglas Scholarship on Child and Adolescent Health; Nadia Verrall Memorial Scholarship; and a James Kentley Memorial Fellowship. This study recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate symptoms of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). Children were allocated randomly to one of the two treatment groups. Treatment was delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-3 and ReST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. The study did not assess the outcome of functional communication. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and language pathologist between one month and four months after-treatment. Hence, maintenance of treatment effects to four months of treatment could not be analysed without significant potential bias, and thus this time point was not included for further analysis in this review.
This review found four studies involving 268 participants. One study was conducted in Brazil in both adults and children and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to poor reporting. The other three studies were conducted in the UK in children and adults and one in Brazil, in adults, in both children and children. In the last study, all participants had active toxoplasma retinochoroiditis and were treated for 45 days prior to randomisation to trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazoles. Only the study in Brazil reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. The UK study reported an improvement in inflammation in treated compared with control participants. Two studies reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in red blood cell counts, platelet counts, blood counts, inflammation, and skin reactions.
We included 43 trials involving 3749 people with mainly trochanteric fractures. There were no major differences in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) compared the intramedullary hip screw (IMHS) with the sliding hip screw. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fix complications, reoperations, wound infection and length of hospital stay for proximal femoral nerve (PFN). None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) that compared other nerve versus other implant comparisons for trochantic fractures provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implant under test. Two trials (124 participants) found a tendency to less fracture healing complications with the intra-abdominal nerves compared with fixed nerve plates for unstable fractures. With its lower complication rate, and absence of functional outcome data to the contrary, the hip screw appears superior.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed retrospective data for 47 women who received either palliative operations (n = 27) or medical management with a drug called a hormone called 'Octreotide' and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Quality of life (QoL) was not reported and adverse events were incompletely documented. Overall, there is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival. Therefore, we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits of the two forms of treatment or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other.
This review found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 244 women, that compared the effects of statin treatment with no treatment. Two trials (184 women) studied the effect of simvastarin and two trials (60 women randomised) studied an oral contraceptive pill (atorvastatin). There was no good evidence that statin therapy improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism (e.g. hair loss) and hormone levels when used alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pills (OCP). Nor were there any significant effects on body weight index (BMI). There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed trials to assess clinical outcomes.
This review found no new studies. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women who received either formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy for palliative control of vaginal bleeding. We found no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. Therefore, the choice of interventions will be based on local resources.
This review found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 745 patients, that investigated temozolomides in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for the treatment of multiforme glioblastoma. The review found that when given in both concomitant and adjuvant periods of radiotherapy and in the first few weeks of post-operative radiotherapy, temolomide may prolongs survival and delays progression without impacting on quality of life. However, it does increase early adverse events. In the elderly, temoliomide alone appears comparable to radiotherapy in terms of survival and PFS, but with a higher instance of adverse events in the elderly. In recurrent HGG, two RCTs enrolling 672 patients in total found that temoliemide did not increase survival compared to standard chemotherapy but it did increase PFS in a subgroup analysis of grade IV tumours.
This review of two studies found that contracting-in may improve health care access and use of health care facilities, but may not have an effect on population health outcomes. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs) and training district health systems managers have not been adequately investigated.
We found three studies that involved 123 people. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups (risk ratio (RR) 0.56, 95% CI 0.13 to 0.42); however, the analysis was underpowered to detect a difference between groups.
This review found that the effect of cerivastarin on cholesterol, total cholesterol, and lipid cholesterol was similar to that of other drugs, but was less likely to be due to adverse effects. This review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harmful effects associated with cerivastingatin because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in 42% of the RCTs.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients to remote ischaemia preconditioning by cuff inflation or by iliac clamping. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no differences in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, or all-cause mortality compared to control. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients who were treated by a cuff inflation method. The remaining 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group. The quality of evidence was high for all outcomes.
This review included 12 trials with a total of 703 participants. Eight trials investigated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions (fluoxetine, energeticion, (-)-osU6162,citicoline and a combination of herbal herbs; and two non-pharmacological interventions: a tired education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). Four trials examined the effectiveness of other non-drug interventions, which were not primarily investigated in this review. Four trials did not primarily investigate the efficacy on tiredness but other symptoms. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing tiredness, which included tirilazadi mesylates, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnausea, antidepressant and a self management programme for recovery from chronic illnesses. There was insufficient evidence to conclude whether these interventions are effective in the treatment of tiredness. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias.
This review found three small randomised controlled trials (involving 74 preterm infants) that evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. The trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). One study found no differences noted in mortality or other clinical outcomes. In the other study, the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage was significantly reduced in the study of Hu. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of blood and blood sugar or albuterrol inhalation. Other interventions listed in our objectives have not been studied to date. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations can be made.
This review of trials found that giving intravenous immunoglobulins after PE probably hastens recovery compared with supportive care alone. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment, but the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. There were also no statistically significant differences in the other measures considered. More research is needed in mild diseases and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) that compared a high fraction of oxygen with a lower fraction. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that a high amount of oxygen was not associated with an increase in the risk of surgical site infection, but a similar effect was noted in the trials adequately blinded for the outcome assessment. We did not find an effect on surgical site infections in any other subgroup analyses. The risk of adverse events, including mortality, may be increased by a higher proportion of oxygen of 60% or higher, and as robust evidence is lacking for a beneficial effect of a lower percentage of oxygen on surgical sites infection, our overall results suggest that evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of a higher fraction of breathing oxygen during anaesthetic and surgery.
We found 25 trials (involving 3258 children) that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of oral antibiotic therapy in children up to 16 years of age. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found moderate quality evidence that children were more likely to have complete resolution at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the control treatment. However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, 742 children) indicating that there is an increased chance of complete resolution of infection at various time points. This review presents evidence of both benefits and harmful effects associated with the use of antibiotic therapy. The impact of antibiotic treatment on short-term hearing is uncertain and we found no data on other important outcomes such as speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. Overall, we assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias.
This review found that the risk of kidney failure was slightly lower in patients who were assigned to a low-protein diet, but not statistically significantly so. We found no data on the effects on health-related quality of life and costs.
We identified 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. For moderate to severe injury,'strong evidence' showed benefit from formal interventions, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing recovery early after injury results in better outcomes. For participants with moderate to severely ABI already in acute care, more intensive programmes are associated with earlier functional gains and'moderate evidence' suggested that continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute care. Patients discharged from acute care benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. Patients who present acutely to hospital with mild brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies.
We found one trial involving 176 women. This trial included four groups with a factorial design. We combined three of the groups as a control group and the fourth group acted as the control group. We analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. There was no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding at six months of age. The average frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was slightly higher than the separate care group, i.e. seven times per day. However, between-group comparison of this outcome was not appropriate since every infant was breastfed at a fixed schedule of seven times a day. None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming-in versus mother-infant separation.
This review found eight trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment, indicating a significantly lower rate of death and dependency in the control group (relative risk (RR) 0.63, 95% confidence interval (Cl, 0.45 to 0.88). One trial reported higher Barthel index scores in the treatment group. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that participants probably had mild symptoms. Few adverse events were reported. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are required.
This review found that there is insufficient evidence to determine the advantages or disadvantages of immediate, immediate-delayed versus delayed or any of the other methods of augmentation. There is a suggestion that immediate and immediate-letting techniques may be at higher risks of failure and complications than delayed techniques. On the other hand, the aesthetic outcome might be better when placed in fresh sockets.
We found two trials that compared cliocinol (PBT1 and PBT2) with no active medication (placebo) in a total of 36 people with mild Alzheimer's disease. One trial compared PBT1 with no medication, and the other trial compared a newer compound with no medicine. The other trial was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe and well tolerated in people with moderate to severe Alzheimer’s disease. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was a higher mean pre-morbid IQ, and there was no significant difference in the neuropsychological test of memory and executive function. The planned phase III trial of pBT1 has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development. Larger trials are now required.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Two trials specifically included children. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that PDE inhibitors were more likely to improve their WHO functional class, to walk 48 metres further in 6MWD, and were 22% less likely to die over a mean duration of 14 weeks. There was no evidence of a difference in mortality. The quality of data was low due to imprecision and inconsistency across trials.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who were randomly assigned to receive one of two or more treatments for axillary plexus block. The evidence is current to May 2017. The review found that multiple-injection techniques are more effective than either double or single injection techniques in terms of the time to readiness for surgery. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety.
This review found three studies that compared the effects of beclomet has on children's growth and development. All three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. All studies were funded by the National Institute of Health and the other by a pharmaceutical company. The studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroid drugs that have potentially less systemic effects.
This review found three trials with a total of 139 patients. The review found no differences between the two modalities with respect to mortality, risk of peritonitis, hernias, PD fluid leaks, PD catheter removal, or hospital admissions. There was no difference between either modality in respect to residual renal function. One study found that patients on PD had significantly more time for work, family and social activities.
This review found 37 trials involving 9312 patients that evaluated the efficacy and safety of radiotherapy compared to radiotherapy and radiotherapy alone or combined with radiotherapy plus radiotherapy. The review found that radiotherapy was better than radiotherapy only in terms of survival, progression/relapse and mortality, but not in early stages (mainly IIIA) and in more advanced stages (III to IV). However, radiotherapy did not appear to be as effective as radiotherapy with regard to survival and mortality. More studies are needed to confirm these results.
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants that evaluated the effectiveness of oral, transdermally, and intrathecally (injected into the skin or under the skin). The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, and Australia. The studies compared oral versus intrathecal (involving a combination of oral and intramuscular) or transdermal versus intra-abdominal (injecting the drug into a vein). The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that oral and intratherapy were associated with clinically significant reductions in blood pressure, but the amount of relief varied among studies. Many minor adverse events occurred, but serious adverse events were rare. The quality of life and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral delivery studies and inconclusive statistical findings for intrarthral and intrathal administration studies.
We found only one trial with 212 participants. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3). This trial compared an anabolic steroid (20 mg/day, administered orally) versus a dose of an inactive substance (an inactive substance consisting of 98% carbohydrate and 2% magnesium). The trial reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. There was very low-quality evidence on the risk of complete ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period, as we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. This trial stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in the opinion of the study authors showed no benefit over control of pressure. We are uncertain whether the treatment increases or decreases the risks of non-serious adverse events reported in participants. None were classed by the trial teams as being related to treatment. Overall the evidence in this study was of very low quality (downgraded for imprecision and indirectness).
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email communications to usual care. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. Results were inconclusive for patient or caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus usual care only, there was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of patient health status and well-being. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harm. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on health promotion and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treated vertigo or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor adverse effects such as head stiffness, horizontal bony spasms and nausea in some patients. There is evidence supporting a statistically significant effect of post-postural restrictions in comparison to the control group. However, it is important to note that this improvement only highlights a small improvement in treatment efficacy. The addition of postural restriction does not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience and can be routinely discussed and advised.
We found four studies involving 231 participants. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroid and antibiotic treatment. There were important differences in the types of treatment and comparisons used in these studies, but the results were similar. No studies were at low risk of bias. No differences were found for any objective measurements or olfactory tests in those studies in which they were measured. Complications were not reported in all studies. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication, with severe complications reported rarely. None of the included studies reported recurrence rates. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than another.
We included eight trials with a total of709 participants. Seven trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, and one trial was from Latin America. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. Four trials compared the effect of fortified foods versus unfortified foods, and four trials compared fortified foods in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or with no additional nutrients or without additional nutrients. We found that fortified foods increased the serum or plasma blood and blood sugar levels in comparison to foods without added foods. We did not find a difference in serum and plasma blood or plasma levels in people consuming fortified foods plus other micronutens when compared with participants consuming similar foods with no added nutrients. No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting. There was no reported adverse effect of fortified foods on indicators of blood and plasma levels.
This review found that men who received non-steroidal antiandrogen drugs were less likely to live longer and live longer than those who received medical drugs or surgery, and were more likely to stop treatment due to side effects, such as pain, tiredness, loss of sexual interest and urinary frequency. The quality of evidence for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure was rated as moderate.
We found eight eligible trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in the risk of death at 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed that there was no difference between the two groups on total cancer mortality after 10 years, or on all-cause mortality after 13 years (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.74 to 0.87). We found that there were significantly larger numbers of women who were treated with radiotherapy and were more likely to have a mastectomy than in the trials. More women who would not have been screened if there had not been were treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more women will experience important psychological pain and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. We found no differences in the use of radiotherapy, although radiotherapy was similarly increased in two trials (RR 1.31 and RR 1.20). If we assume that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend, we have written an evidence-based leaflet that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 unit of human Immunodefication virus compared to 10% versus 10%). We found no evidence of a difference in the live birth rates per woman randomised, miscarriage rate, clinical pregnancy rate, or drug reactions. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drugs reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed RCTs before we can come to definitive conclusions about the optimal dose and timing. The quality of evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision.
This review found no evidence to support or refute the use of hormone treatment in older postmenopausal women when given as short-term or longer-term (up to five years) therapy. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether subgroups of women using specific types of hormone therapies could benefit from treatment. It remains to be determined whether differences such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or natural), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilan terol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotroprium; TIO). Both studies were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. Compared to the TIO arm, we found no statistically significant differences between symptoms, including St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) mean total score change; hospital admissions (all-cause); disease-specific adverse events; mean weekly rescue medication use (results available from only one of the studies); and mean weekly percentage of rescue-free days. None of the pneumonia were fatal. Data for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to intubations and physical activity measures were not available in included trials. Based on analysis of primary and secondary outcomes, we are uncertain whether once-daily inhaled combined in one inher, has a different efficacy or adverse effect profile compared to LAMA. However, the current review is based on only two trials with the main focus on primary outcomes other than those considered in this review.
This review found four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 169 participants, that suggest that selective selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs) and cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) may be useful in the treatment of patients with BDP. However, the findings of these studies need to be replicated.
In this review, we found three trials that examined the effectiveness of cotrimoxazoles in the treatment of HIV-infected patients with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to HIV infection. These trials found a beneficial effect of using a desensitized protocol over a re-challenge protocol at six months of follow-up for reducing the number of patients requiring treatment discontinuations and for lower incidence of overall hypersensitivity. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies.
We identified three trials involving 148 neonates. We found no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment based on the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of neonatal intensive care unit stay, adequacy of pain relief, and adverse events. The evidence is current to May 2017. We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns. All three trials showed a statistically significantly higher sedation level in neonates compared with the control group. One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores in the midazolamic group compared with control groups. Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PPP). The third trial (46 neonates) reported a higher risk of adverse events in the control groups compared with controls. The quality of the trials was moderate.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. No differences were found for the presence of diarrhoeas at two to four days after treatment (two trials, 192 participants; one trial, 46 participants). No difference was found for clinical failure, clinical improvement, or clinical improvement in other aspects of the body, such as quality of life (e.g. physical, mental, emotional, social, and social). We found no differences in the number of adverse events in the trials. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal diseases.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) that assessed the accuracy of plasma interleukin-six for the assessment of septis in adults. The included studies were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main assessment, setting, country, positivity threshold, year of publication, and origin of infections. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. The SROC curve showed a great dispersion in individual studies accuracy estimates (21 studies, 3650 adult patients), therefore the considerable heterogeneity in the collected data preventing us from calculating formal accuracy estimates. Using a fixed prevalence of sepsi of 50% and a fixed specificity of 74%, we found a sensitivity of 66% (95% confidence interval 60 to 72). If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of septic shock with plasma interlet-6, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic treatment, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have septi. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotics, and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. The conclusions of the review will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included.
We included 29 studies with a total of 5718 participants. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. The review contains 11 comparisons in total. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of bias and imprecision.
We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) nutritional supplements, which were taken from the first trimester until birth. The other trial compared docosahexanoic (dHA) and eicosapentaenoic (EPA) with no supplements. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement.
We identified 11 studies that compared different doses of anthracyclines, which involved a total of 5280 participants. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumour types. Seven studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and four studies were RCTs that evaluated different peak doses (5280 participants). The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no significant differences in the occurrence of clinical heart failure in the studies. A significant difference was identified in none of the studies, so we can make no definitive conclusions about the incidence of cardiotoxicity. Only one RCT was available for the other identified peak doses. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 randomised participants; nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included during the 2017 update. Studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. We considered duration of hypothermic therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform meta-analysis.
This review found three high-quality and three low-quality studies involving 519 people. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence was too heterogeneous and sparse to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness of psychosocial interventions. At this point, use of psychological interventions, for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable.
This review found three trials involving 206 participants. The trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the included trials. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL. Of the three included trials, all described the adverse events in detail, there were no statistically significant differences across the trials (OR 4.84, 95%CI 0.55 to 42.67). Behaviour disturbances, quality of life, and caregiver burden were not undertaken in the trials. Due to the low methodological quality of included trials and small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of duloxetine for the treatment of patients with Alzheimer's. High-quality and large-scale randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
This review found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 960 participants. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which therefore reduces the reliability of the evidence. The OR for seroma formation was 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23 to 0.91, P = 0.03) in favour of a reduced incidence of seroma in the drained population. The average difference in length of hospital stay, reported in four trials consisting of 600 participants, was 1.47 days greater in participants who were drained. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative seroma aspirations was found in two trials including 212 participants. No significant difference in the incidence of lymphoedema was noted, with only six instances reported in three trials of 360 participants.
This review found that there was insufficient evidence to determine the risk of colorectal neoplasia. There was no evidence to suggest that flavonids, flavonols, flavones and flavan-3-ols were associated with an increased risk of colonisation of the colon. The quality of evidence was low.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, extension of the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response according to both definitions (71/217 (32.7%) versus 52/194 (26.8%), risk ratio (RR) 1.43, 95% CI 1.07 to 1.50, P = 0.006, I2 = 38%), with a risk difference of 0.11 and calculated number needed to be treated of nine. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks. The length of treatment did not significantly affect the adherence (247/279 (88.5%) versus 252/274). In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups.
This review found no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in people with pancreatic or periampullary cancers.
This review found that lid hygiene may provide symptomatic relief for anterior and posterior bleptococcus aporin infection. There is no strong evidence for any of the interventions in terms of cured chronic bleptitis. The effectiveness of other interventions, such as topical steroid and oral antibiotic, were inconclusive. Medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures to determine effectiveness.
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes were measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported in this study included airways swelling requiring intubations in a child with severe respiratory papillomatosis.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. The studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the relation between the two tests. Eleven studies evaluated the accuracy of CE-CDUS. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated accuracy of CDUS. These studies were of better quality than the CDUS studies. Four studies did not report clearly the blinding interpretation of a reference standard; and two (18%) did not clearly report the time to the time before the test. Analysis of studies that provided imaging based data showed similar results. The improvement in sensitivity with of contrast use was statistically significant, and studies judged as low/unclear quality provided higher estimates in sensitivity. Sensitivity estimates were higher in the studies published before 2006.
We found seven studies, involving 766 women, that were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported treatment group mean or median scores, and found greater reduction in blood pressure and blood flow. No study reported on women's satisfaction with relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice.
We found 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants. The evidence is current to May 2017. The studies were of low to moderate quality. We found no differences between the two groups in terms of length of time spent in hospital, length of hospital stay, and complications. The quality of evidence was moderate to low. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and synthetic glue. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the sealant.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Providing instructions to authors was linked with improved reporting of ethics requirements in one study, but no difference was seen in the quality of abstracts in one trial.
We found 15 studies involving 721 participants. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported results for treatment periods separately. Studies were small, of short duration, and most had significant shortcomings in reporting. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medications, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. There were insufficient data for any pooled analysis. Only two studies reported our preferred responder outcome of 'participants with at least 50% reduction in blood pressure' and two reported 'participant with no worse than mild blood pressure'. Eleven studies reported treatment group mean measures of blood pressure, but overall for these outcome measures, the analgesic effect was numerically superior to control and equivalent to the active comparators. Adverse event reporting was poor, with only two studies reporting the number of participants with any adverse event specified by treatment group and one reported the number with any serious adverse event. In multiple-dose studies symptoms were common, with somnolence and fatigue frequent in the 21-day study. Withdrawal from the studies, where reported, was less than 10% except in two studies. We identified only a small amounts of data in studies that were both randomised and double-blind.
This review found that educational programs improved patient knowledge of sickle cell diseases and their symptoms, as well as caregiver knowledge. The effect on patient knowledge was sustained for longer than for caregivers. No differences were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs and symptoms leading to self-management. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and showed no evidence of an effect. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and distress. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates.
This review included six studies with a total of 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised epileptic attacks, and the other five trials included participants only. None of the studies included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were of short duration. The review found that, when used as add-on therapy for patients with drug-resistant epileptic symptoms, briaracetam is effective in reducing the frequency of drug-related attacks and can aid patients in achieving freedom. However, it is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included people with generalised attacks. The incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of participants experiencing one or more adverse events, was not significantly different following treatment with briarinacetam.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccines. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting (high confidence in the evidence). Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccines decisions among some parents (moderate confidence). Parents wanted balanced information about vaccines, presented clearly and simply, and tailored to their situation (low confidence)). Parents considered health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them (high quality evidence). Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers may impact on parents' decisions. Parents generally found it difficult to know which information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccines, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccinated appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives.
We identified 10 trials with a total of 599 participants. Trials tested diverse psychological therapy and comparability was poor. Trials were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychological therapy. There were no differences in overall dropout rates between individual psychological and cognitive therapy. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (involving 35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. There was a suggestion that psychological therapy might be superior to cognitive therapy, but this is in the context of psychological therapy performing poorly. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Larger trials of longer treatment duration and follow-up are needed.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. The first trial was conducted in the USA and was funded by the National Eye Institute, and the third trial was sponsored by the German Research Foundation. All three trials employed adequate methods for random sequence generation and allocation concealment. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only one trial masked outcome assessors. The other two trials were at low risk of attrition bias. All trials appear to be free of reporting bias. There were no significant differences in outcomes in terms of the proportion of participants achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity at a minimum of one year. The second trial was a multi-centre international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive a mixture of perfluorohexyl octane (F6H8) and silicone oils (C3F8) versus standard silicone oils. The third trial had a large portion of participants excluded from the final analyses. In participants with RP associated with RP, outcomes were similar for a broad variety of cases. Although sulfur hexafluoride gas was reported to be associated with significantly worse anatomic and visual outcomes at one year (quantitative data not reported), there were no major differences between silicone oils and sulfur gas at two years. In a third trial, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, heavy silicone oils were not shown to be superior to standard oil. The fourth trial did not report any adverse events, and adverse events were not reported for the first two trials. No major differences were found between standard oil and heavy oil in the change in vision acuity in the first year.
We included five studies involving 1819 women. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or need to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). There was no clear difference between groups for caesarean sections or in the duration of hospital stay for the mother or for the baby. There was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on infant mortality and severe morbidity. We observed a high level of heterogeneity between the two studies in this analysis (two studies, 1459 infants, I2 = 87%, Tau2 = 0.98), so we did not pool data in meta-analysis. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the interventions and this may have affected aspects of care and decision making. Other studies were at low or unclear risk of bias.
This review found that prophylactic treatment reduces the frequency of joint bleeds and related complications in patients with existing joint damage. There is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to confirm the observational evidence to confirm this.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight trials aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between groups. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions. We found one new study in this update. This review highlights a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment ofBL. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to controlBL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error.
This review found insufficient information upon which to guide practice due to the limited number of included studies, small sample sizes and methodological limitations.
This review found eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients that investigated the efficacy and safety of these drugs. The average duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All trials included patients with previous chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) except one trial which involved patients with multiple risk factors for coronary heart disease. Data for patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and heart attack were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared a drug called a 'ticlopidine' to a dummy treatment and did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences in the combination of fatal and non-fatal blood clots (359/3194 (11.2%) versus 356/3146 (11%). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the proportion of patients who had a heart attack or a blood clot. There were no data available from any of the trials on peripheral vascular diseases, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for patients with COPD, or costs. Overall the risk of bias of trials was low.
We found 10 trials with a total of 191 participants that evaluated the effects of non-invasive ventilation on lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference. Seven trials evaluated only one treatment session, one trial evaluated a two-week treatment session and one evaluated a three-month treatment session. The other trials evaluated a six-week trial and one trial was the only one judged to have a low risk of bias for all other domains. Most trials had a low chance of bias with regard to incomplete outcome data and selective reporting. In most of the trials, we judged there was an unclear risk of systematic error with regards to blinding due to inadequate descriptions. Three trials used respiratory masks, one used a nose mask and one used an inhaler. One trial used a mouth mask and in one trial it is unclear. We were unable to find any evidence that non-inspiratory ventilation increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. Due to the small numbers of participants and statistical issues, there were discrepancies in the results between the RevMan and the original trial analyses. The effect of NIV on exercise capacity was unclear. No trials reported on adverse effects. The quality of life of the participants was assessed as moderate to low. We found no clear differences between non-vasive ventilation compared to no non-infant ventilation for any of our outcomes. No clear differences were found between breathing versus breathing compared with breathing or room air except for exercise performance, which significantly improved with breathing compared to room air over six weeks. A second trial reported that one participant did not tolerate the non-innovative ventilation mask, one participant developed a pneumothoraxis when breathing room air, and two participants experienced aerophagasia which resolved when inspiratory positive airways pressure was decreased. The impact of this therapy on lung exacerbations and progression of lung damage is unclear and further research is needed.
We found seven studies on 245 people. The evidence is current up to May 2014. We found no differences between the studies in terms of gas exchange, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), maximal inspiratory blood pressure (PImax) and sleep efficiency. The average effect on 6MWD was small at 27.7 m and not statistically significant. Given the width of the 95% CI (-28.1 to 66.3 m), we cannot exclude an effect that is clinically significant (considering that the minimal clinically significant difference on lung function is around 26 m). Nocturnal-NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) had no consistent clinically or statistically significant effect on gas exchange or exercise tolerance.
We found four trials, involving 1190 women, that compared induction of labour for suspected macrosomia with expectant management. The evidence is current to May 2017. The trials were at low or unclear risk of bias, but for other 'Risk of bias' domains these studies were assessed as being at low-quality evidence. The review found no clear evidence of any difference between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia, low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or low arterial cord blood pH. There were no clear differences between groups between studies for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, and one in the largest trial, respectively). In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the induction group, but there was considerable heterogeneity between trials for this outcome (mean difference (MD) -178.03 g, 95% CI -315.26 to -40.81, 1190 infants; two trials, 858 infants; and, RR 1.25 to 9.02, 818 infants). Mean birthweight was lower in women who received induction, and fewer babies were delivered by caesarean sections and shoulder dystocia, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for women suspected of being macrosomic should be discussed with parents.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The average proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The remaining eight trials random assigned 795 participants with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or rheumatoid disease. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. More than half of trials had a low risk of bias. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no differences between the trials in subgroup analyses of trials at low-risk of bias compared with trials at high-quality of life; of trials using a dose less than or greater than 20 ng/mL versus trials including institutionalised participants; and of trials including ambulatory participants versus trials without dietary supplements. We did not find any differences in the effect of vitamins D on mortality in subgroups of trials with no risk of industry bias. A subgroup analysis of trials suggesting that vitamins D may increase mortality may even increase mortality, but could be due to random errors.
This review found that, compared with placebo or no treatment, influenza-like symptoms such as nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea, and increased blood counts of red blood cell counts were reduced by a small amount in people who were treated with influenza-type 2 diabetes. However, this effect was modest, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common with the drug or placebo, including nausea and vomiting, abdominal pain, and palpitations. There is a paucity of data on other medications for weight loss or control.
We found five studies involving a total of 734 participants. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extracting aggregate data to synthesise the results as originally planned, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those chosen for this review. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted.
We identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effect of plerixa for on survival and adverse events. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Both trials were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of Plerix afor. In both trials, the experimental group received G-CSFs plus pleruxafor and the control group was given G-CsF plus control. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. One RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCTs, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, as two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women. The trials were small, and in many the quality of the trials was hard to judge. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. We found that weighted vaginal cones are better than no treatment in women with SUI and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT and electrical stimulation. Cones could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them acceptable. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at economic outcomes.
This review found that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of interventions on anticoagulant control in AF patients receiving OAT.
This review found that prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of having a caesarean birth in 24 hours compared with no treatment. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart rate changes is increased (4.8% versus 1.0%) and probably reduces the likelihood of having an operative delivery. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain.
This review found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has similar effects to incubator care with regard to temperature control and weight gain. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further using randomised controlled trials.
We found three studies, involving 146 participants. The main findings of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs. One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infections requiring antibiotic treatment, as well as as a hole in the gum tissue. We found no differences between the surgical techniques. Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical techniques for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review. However, we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two studies being at high risk of bias. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies.
We included three studies involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. We found no data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another drug to the uterotonic. We did not find any data for maternal morbidity or need for blood transfusions. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different.
This review found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with lower risk of treatment failure, lower overall mortality and lower mortality in infants with birth weight above 1500 g.
We included six studies involving 157 participants in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. Meta analysis of two studies showed no statistically significant difference in the number of diabetic foot ulcer wounds that healed compared with basic wound contact dressing. Pooled data from two studies found no significant differences in ulcer healing.
We identified three eligible trials. The trials were relatively small and had methodological limitations, and the number of participants was relatively small. We found that surgery is superior to other surgical interventions in terms of pain and function, but the small trials identified do not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome. No differences were found between the two interventions for major complications or mortality, although the numbers of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated.
This review found only one randomised controlled trial that was at a high risk of bias. This trial included 857 patients who were randomised to either early versus delayed post-operative showering (dressing to be removed after 12 hours), or delayed versus delayed versus no treatment. The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection (SSI). There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of patients who developed SSIs between the two groups (857 patients; RR 0.96; 95% CI 0.62 to 1.48). The proportions of patients in the early group and 8.8% in the delayed group were similar.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT), which did not measure the primary outcome for this review. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but the trial did report no data on disability or impairment after one year. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral prednisen compared with no treatment, because the quality of evidence from the only RCT that exists is very low. We also know from observational studies that corticosteroid drugs carry the long-term risk of serious side effects.
We found six studies including 2100 participants that compared remote and face-to-face check-up with each other. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results. We could not say whether more people who had a remote health care visit needed oral corticosteroid medication because the confidence intervals (CIs) were very wide (OR 1.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 7.44; 278 participants; one study; low quality evidence). In one study, 21 people out of 1000 had a flare-up that required treatment in the emergency department (ED), hospital admission or an unscheduled healthcare visit. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes. The larger implementation study that compared two general practice populations demonstrated that offering telephone check-ups and proactively phoning participants increased the number of people who received a review. However, we do not know whether the additional participants who had the telephone checked-up subsequently benefited.
This review found that exercise does not improve functional ability, quality of life, physical ability, aerobic capacity, or physical activity. The results suggest that the short-term effects look promising, but the long-term effect remains unclear. The included studies were all consistent about the adverse effects of exercise, but no significant adverse effects were found in any study. Overall, based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) there was no clinically important or statistically significant evidence that exercise can improve function, physical activity, and aerobic capacity.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no data on the effects on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms, and data show no statistically significant increase in the risk of adverse events. Only one trial reported no effects on re-exacerbations between two and six weeks after treatment initiation. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failure and on length of hospital stay. Evidence of moderate quality from trials conducted in all settings shows no beneficial effects on mortality, but trial results remain uncertain. Length of time spent in hospital stay (in days) was similar between the two groups.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (1414 participants) that compared whole grain versus lower whole grain or refined grain control groups. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable heartina, coronary artery bypass graft operations, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasia, total strokes). All included studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. Trials were at unclear or high risk of bias with small sample sizes and relatively short-term interventions, and the overall quality of the evidence was low. There is a need for well-designed, adequately powered RCTs with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events.
This review found that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of a removable type of physiotherapy modality to allow patients to perform activities of daily living. There is limited evidence supporting early start-up of weight-bearing and use of an air-stirrup or a backslab to allow the patient to perform daily activities. More clinical trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are required to strengthen current evidence.
This review found four studies that were conducted in low-income countries. Two studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were non-randomised trials. No single study was evaluated by more than one trial. An RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 percentage or viral load. A second RCT found that fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control group (85% vs. 92%, respectively), although this difference was not statistically significant (p=.08). A third study found that the percentage of children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavirir-ritonavir (LPV/r) versus a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase (NNRTI) schedule. However, the proportion of children with virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LPV/nRRI-containing schedule. A third RCT also found that children were less likely to be infected with viral infection in the control groups. A fourth study found no difference in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80%. The third study also found no differences between the two treatment groups.
This review found that oral oral oral fenoproen 200 mg is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative headache. This review found insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. No serious adverse events or adverse event withdrawals were reported in these studies.
This review found that PFMT may help women to live a more normal life, and may also help them to live more independently. The review found six trials which compared PFMT with no PFMT. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. The largest trial found no difference between groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the PFMT group in terms of stronger muscles. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found more improvement in symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the control group. Pooling data from two trials indicated PFMT increases the chance of an improvement by 17% compared to control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. A large trial of PFMT supplementing surgery is needed to give clear evidence about the usefulness of combining these interventions. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle change interventions.
This review found 14 trials involving 1,724 people who were randomly assigned to receive one of two or more treatment groups, one group received no treatment, and the other group received a placebo (a dummy treatment). The studies were generally poorly reported, and were generally short-term, with the quality of life of the participants inconsistent. The review of trials found no differences between the two groups in terms of effectiveness and side-effects. The quality of evidence regarding safety was generally weak. More trials are needed to clarify non-quinolone effects, assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include further safety assessments.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. The evidence is current to May 2014. In 20 studies, mental health problems were correctly identified in 57% (50.4% to 63.3%), and in 81% (74% to 87.1%) in seven studies, with a sensitivity of 61.8% (51.7% to 71%) and a specificity of 94.1% (88% to 97.2%). In sixteen studies, psychosocial problems were wrongly identified in 58% and 74% respectively, and in 74% (65.2% to 82.3%) in the two studies that reported this information. In one study, psychological problems were incorrectly identified in 40% and in the other study, with no difference between the two groups. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment.
We included 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update; all interventions were adjuncts to conventional care and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the studies and 44 participants in one psychological study. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led interventions groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. In three studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objective SCORAD measure was statistically significantly better in the control group compared with the usual care group. Parents of children aged 8 to 12 years experienced significantly better improvements in three of the 5 subscales of the German 'quality of life' questionnaire, a validated tool with five subscales. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions. No study reported participant-rated global assessment or improvement of sleep. In all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2.
This review found that HBOT is associated with improved outcome. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following dental treatment. There was no evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy.
This review found 10 studies involving 2961 surgeons that compared the use of blunt versus sharp or both of these techniques with respect to the risk of one glove perforation in three operations. Four studies focused on abdominal surgery, two on caesarean sections, one on vaginal surgery and one on hip surgery. The quality of the evidence was rated as high. There is high quality evidence that using blunt injections reduces the risk that surgeons and their assistants are exposed to blood and bodily fluids over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 422 participants, that compared trifluopazine with low-potency antipsychotic medications. The number of studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. Overall, sequence generation, allocation procedures and blinding were poorly reported. The quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of the drugs.
We found nine eligible randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants in total. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological shortcomings including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. These trials compared responsive with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from intragastric tube to oral feeding. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain, and provide some evidence that infants feeding in response to feeding and satiation cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants feeding prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. The overall quality of evidence was low as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views.
This review found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 161 participants, that evaluated the efficacy and safety of treatment of hyperhomocysteinosis in peripheral arterial diseases. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One trial with a total of 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who were treated with a dietary supplement (folic acid and 5-methyletrahydrofolate) and in people who received a multivitamin B supplementation. No major events were reported. The other trial with 18 participants showed no difference (P non-significant) in ABI in patients who received an ABI supplement and no major events in the other group of participants. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment for hyperheterocysteinaemia. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies, involving 503 dental practices, involving 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The other study used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational program on the use of fissure sealant in permanent molars. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The authors reported a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm that was incentivised with a fee- for-service payment. However, the study was carried out in the most deprived parts of the world, so we cannot be certain about the effect on other settings. The second study reported on the effect of capitation payments on primary care dentists’ clinical activity. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. The number of included studies is limited and the quality of the evidence from the two included studies was low.
We found 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. No differences were evident in the subgroups of women with low versus normal nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight. No clear differences were seen between the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in one trial.
This review found that probiotics may increase the rate of short-term clinical and mycological cure and decrease the relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven trials (involving 696 participants) in this review. The included trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence. Two trials were in Germany and Italy which are high-income countries, while four trials in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey, and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a lower-middle income country. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met our inclusion criteria. We assessed the evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Treatment of threatened miscarriage with progestogen probably reduces the risk of miscarriage, but may have little or no effect in reducing the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if treatment with the use of progestogenic compared to no treatment has any effect on the rate on congenital abnormalities. The quality of evidence was based on only two small trials with very few events and was found to be of very low quality.
We found a total of 83 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared laser therapy with no treatment or with deferred treatment. The majority of trials were conducted in the USA, one study in the UK and one in Japan. Three studies were at risk of bias because the treatment and control were different and no study attempted to produce a'sham' treatment. Four of the studies evaluated laser therapy compared with argon lasers and one study investigated selective photocoagulations of non-perfusions areas. We found that treatment with laser reduced the risk of severe vision loss by over 50% at 12 months. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetes retinopathy with a 50% reduction in risk of progression of diabetic retinaopathy and a similar risk of vitreous haemorrhage. None of the included studies reported near visual acuity or patient-relevant outcomes, such as quality of life or quality of driving licence. We did not plan any subgroup analyses, but there was a difference in risk in participants with non-proliferative diabetes compared to those with proliferative diabetes. We judged the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory fail after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%) and the average age was 65 years. Both trials did not report data on the following outcomes that we intended to assess: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothoraxis, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, oronasal drying, and patient-ventilator asynchrony. We found no differences for mortality, pneumonia-related complications, or infections. The quality of evidence was low or very low.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different medications were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain control were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analysis. Three trials compared a variety of analgesics with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthetic agent) for the provision of general anaesthetic, and one trial compared spinal painkillers with pudendal nerve blocks (in both groups). The trials did not report on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by blood pressure less than 7.2). No trials reported on neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons. There is currently insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic drug or method as most effective in relieving pain. Neonatal outcomes have largely not been evaluated.
We included 15 studies with 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, pelvic floor exercises, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. There was some evidence that yoga may improve quality of life, improve symptoms, and reduce medication usage. No serious adverse events associated with yoga were reported, but the data on this outcome were limited.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different treatment regimens. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Three trials (involving 78 participants) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with pre-prednisone) to pre-prespecified criteria for significant adverse events. None of the trials were adequately designed to detect a treatment effect. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as providing very low-quality evidence in relation to the primary outcome measure. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 3144 participants. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no new trials for this first update. The trials were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes the drug that was used in the trials. No RCTs reported SSTI-related mortality. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two treatment groups. There were fewer incidents of red men syndrome, pruritus, and skin reactions to antibiotics, but the average length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the control group. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral lineuzolid than with intravenous intravenous vancomyn. The median length of hospital stay was three days shorter for the control groups. Thus, total hospital costs per patient were less with control of infection.
We included eight randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants. We found no differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW group. Furthermore, we noted that operating time, operating time in the intraoperative period, blood loss, and red blood cell transfusions were significantly reduced in both groups.
This review found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 1862 participants, which investigated the effect of calcium channel blocker drugs on the risk of death and disability in acute traumatic head injury patients. Five of the RCTs found that calcium channel blocking drugs may have a beneficial effect, but the increased risk of adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the effect is harmful for some patients.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be considered as having a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial resuscitation group compared with 39 of 338 participants in the immediate defibrilation group. When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation and survival at one year were similar. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment. We have also been unable to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA.
This review found that there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular treatment for pituitary down regulation, hormone treatment or adjuvant treatment in the management of poor responders to controlled ovulation. More robust data from trials with relevant outcomes are needed.
This review found that family interventions may reduce the frequency of relapse events and hospital admissions. Family interventions may also improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to poor methodological quality.
We found three randomized controlled trials involving 263 participants. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. Two companies manufactured the drug-eluting technologies (Eurocor, Bonn, Germany; Medtronic, Fridley, Minnesota, USA). All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoralopopliteal arteries. We found no difference in the incidence of amputations between DEBs and uncoated balloon angiopLasty. DEBs showed better outcomes for up to 24 months for anatomical endpoints such as target lesion re-reaction, and for clinical endpoint - improvement in Rutherford category after treatment. Data were insufficient for subgroup or sensitivity analyses to be conducted. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. We noted heterogeneity in the frequency of bailout stenting placement between studies as well as in the dosage of paclitaxela applied by the DEBs.
We found seven trials involving 922 children that compared corticosteroid treatment with placebo or no treatment. Trials were from 32 to 242 children. The evidence is current up to May 2017. We found that cortics reduced the incidence of coronary artery abnormalities, time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive proteins (CRP)) to normalise and length of hospital stay. Evidence was considered to be of high quality for the occurrence of serious adverse events, mortality, time to normalisation of laboratory parameters and time spent in hospital. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects, mortality and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity. We are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this review. Evidence is of moderate quality due to potential inconsistencies in data geography and patient benefits according to grouping. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system.
We included eight studies involving 846 randomised participants. Four studies involved comparisons with another treatment group (i.e. video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapies). Two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum stress, anxiety, and maltreatment, and prison populations. We assessed potential bias (random sequence generation, allocation concealment, incomplete outcome data, selective reporting, blinding of participants and personnel, blinding to outcome assessment, and other bias). Four studies were at low risk of bias in four or more domains. Five studies did not provide adequate information for assessment of risk of quality of life in at least one domain. Six studies contributed data to the PIM versus control comparisons producing 19 meta-analyses of outcomes measured at post-intervention or follow-up, or both, for the primary outcomes of parental distress, maternal sensitivity, child involvement and parent engagement, infant behaviour and infant cognitive development. There were improvements favouring PIM in the proportion of infants securely attached, a reduction in the number of infants with an avoidant approach to infant behaviour, fewer infants with disorganisation, and an increase in the percentage of infants moving from insecure to secured attachments. There was no differences between PIM and control in any of the remaining primary outcomes, or secondary outcomes. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation Working Group (GRADE) approach to rate the overall quality of evidence.
We found one new study in this updated version. We found 11 trials with 753 women that met our inclusion criteria for this review. The evidence is current to May 2017. In total, we found no differences in average Apgar scores at one minute, maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood), and UvPO2. There was high heterogeneity among these outcomes. A subgroup analysis showed no significant difference between two intervention groups in low-risk studies, whereas the high-risk trials showed a benefit for the neonatal group. None of the 11 trials reported maternal desaturation.
We included 12 studies with a total of 2196 participants. We found that reminder packing significantly decreased blood pressure and reduced blood sugar levels, although there was considerable heterogeneity among the trials. We also found that reminders were found to be more likely to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. No data were available for meta-analysis of remaining clinical outcomes, which included serum blood sugar and blood pressure levels, and self-reported psychological symptoms. In summary, reminder packing may represent a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected health problems.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver function, or perioperative morbidity. The trimetrazidine group had a significantly shorter hospital stay than control. There was no significant difference in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We included 61 studies with a total of 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The studies included in this review were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Switzerland, Switzerland and Italy. The evidence is current to May 2017. We included studies that compared different treatment-related risk factors with each other or with no treatment, or with other risk factors. We found that the risk of kidney damage was similar in all studies. We also found that there was a higher risk of high blood pressure, and a lower risk of low blood counts. We did not find any differences between the studies in terms of risk factors for kidney damage, but the studies were contradictory and incomparable. This variation may be due to diversity of included studies, received treatment, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. In addition, two studies showed an association of a longer time to follow up period with glomerular dysfunction. In one study, there was an increased risk of renal damage after treatment with aminoglycoside drugs, and one study also found long-term complications. In the other studies, there were no differences between studies in risk factors, such as older age at risk and abdominal radiotherapy. In conclusion, it was not possible to draw solid conclusions regarding the prevalence of, and risk-related risks for, specific adverse renal effects.
This review found that phytomedicines may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing the risk of severe episodes of sick-leave crises in sick people. This needs to be further validated in future trials. More trials are required to assess its role in the management of sick people with sick cells.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants. The studies were reported as RCTs; blinding was not reported, but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. One study was published in abstract form only; hence, detailed assessment of the risk of bias was not possible. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with standard treatment with radiotherapy. The third trial was more complex. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET-adapted therapy and two in standard therapy (very-low-quality evidence). Progression-free survival was shorter in participants with PET-acced therapy (without radiotherapy). This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy versus radiotherapy, and in those receiving no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term adverse events were reported in any of the trials. Overall, the quality of evidence was moderate.
We found 31 trials that met our inclusion criteria. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptive preparations with different hormonal contraceptive regimens, progestin-only pills, injectable injections, and implant. The other trials compared extended versus conventional (cyclic) regimens. Many of the earlier studies had limited reporting of methods. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. We cannot make strong statements due to having few trials that compared the same types of contraceptive.
We found 10 studies involving 549 participants that compared exercise with no exercise, physical function and quality of life. The evidence is current to May 2017. We considered that seven of the 10 included RCTs had a low risk of bias. One study was only reported as a conference abstract and did not provide sufficient data for the evaluation of bias risk. We found no significant difference between exercise and no exercise in the control group. The improvement in physical function was also sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment. Quality of life was estimated to be 50 points on a norm-based average (standard deviation (SD)) score of 50 (10) in the general population, compared with a mean of 7 points (95% CI 4 to 12 points). Only three small studies (183 participants) evaluated quality oflife, with overall low quality evidence, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. In the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two adverse events and all were related to the exercise programme. Overall, the quality of evidence was considered to be high, meaning that further research is unlikely to change our confidence in the results.
We found nine high-quality randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 260 participants, that compared exercise to no exercise. The results of the present review suggest that exercise can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups.
This review found only one trial with 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants). The trial was at a high risk of bias, which means that there is a possibility of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted. The trial did not report quality of life or return to work. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed group). There was no serious adverse events related to the surgery in either group. The other outcomes were available for 28 participants in the initial laparoscopic cholecysts group and 35 participants in a delayed group. In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred within 24 hours in both groups. The proportion of people who developed serious complications was 0.28 in the first group, which was significantly lower than in the second group. There was a statistically significant shorter operating time in the earlier group (14.80 minutes) and shorter hospital stay in the later group (1.25 days).
We found 11 trials that were included in this review. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. The other trials did not provide data on other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific infection is better than another. Overall, long-term prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI. There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-term interventions compared with a single dose (low-quality evidence). No reports described adverse effects associated with the medications in those trials that reported in this outcome.
This review is based on one small trial involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important outcome differences between the two policies. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for infants with gestational age at birth as a non-prespecified outcome. Similarly, for the secondary outcomes, there were no statistical differences in birthweight, ventilation requirements, necrotising enterocolitism and requirement for repeat surgery between two groups. None of our prespecified maternal secondary outcomes were reported in the included study.
We found three studies in adults that involved 122 participants. All studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and small size; none was unequivocally at low risk of systematic errors. All three studies were conducted in the USA, UK, and Canada. We found no studies in children. The studies were of very low quality, so we cannot be confident in their results. We did not find any studies that reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with at least 50%, and at least 30%, with no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; participants with better quality of life; or participants with much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). The studies did not report any data on side effects, so it is not clear whether any additional benefit could be detected in the available studies. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes, because of problems with the design of the studies.
This review of 15 trials found insufficient data to confidently inform clinical practice. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable.
We included six studies with 195 participants with MS. Two studies were funded by grants from the National Institute of Health, one study was funded by a grant from a university, and one study received no funding. Three studies did not report outcomes for health-related quality of life. We pooled and analyzed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expiratory muscular training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. Compared to no active control, muscle training resulted in no significant difference between groups with regard to maximal pressure or peak flow pooling. However, there was a significant benefit on the predicted maximal pressure (20.92 cmH2O, 95% CI 6.03 to 35.81, P = 0.006, I2 = 18%). Due to the low number of studies included, we could not perform cumulative meta-analysis or subgroup analyses. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included trials. Due to limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results, the sustainability of the favourable effect of muscle training is unclear.
This review included one randomised controlled trial in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised to receive betamethasen (1.5 mg/day) or no treatment. This trial found no significant difference in neonatal thrombocytopena and neonatal bleeding. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage, neonatal intracranial haemourage were not studied by this trial. Unless randomised clinical trials provide evidence of a treatment effect, policy-makers, clinicians, and academics should not use betamithasone in pregnant women. This systematic review also identifies the need for well-designed, adequately powered trials for this medical condition during pregnancy.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), that met our inclusion criteria. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months after the surgical operation. The larger study had no data on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric visual achievement or spherical equivalent. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in both groups. We found no evidence to support a difference in outcomes with regards to BCVA at three months or at other time points analysed (GRADE rating: very low, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE of the Razmju 2011 study). The data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% CI, suggesting an imprecise estimate. Therefore, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate, with methodological limitations, incomplete data analysis and imprecision of findings.
We found 67 studies that involved a total of 8506 women. The evidence is current to May 2017. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. We included 67 studies in which women were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. We found that women were less likely to be anaemic at the end of treatment compared to women receiving control. Women were more likely to have a higher level of red blood cell counts and had less red blood cells in their blood. Women had a lower risk of a reduced risk of an increased risk of being anaemic, and had more gastrointestinal side effects. Iron supplements also improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and appeared to reduce symptomatic tiredness. Although adherence could not be formally meta-analysed due to differences in reporting, there was no evident difference in adherence between women randomised to Iron and control. Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality.
This review found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitations from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment.
This review found that a transverse or oblique operation has less impact on lung function and is less likely to rupture. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times although the transverse operation may be cosmetically more acceptable. Pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution.
We included nine studies with a total of 981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The average age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. The effect sizes were low in terms of clinical meaningfulness, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. In comparison to usual care, people who receivedMBR were less likely to return to work and had less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. On average, people with subacute LBP will do better than if they receive usual care. However, the available research provides mainly low to very low-quality evidence, thus additional high-quality trials are needed before we can describe the value of MBPR for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials with a total of 4843 participants. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no differences in the proportion of participants who responded to bisphosphonated drugs compared with control drugs in men with cancer metastatic to bone. We also found no difference in the number of participants with osteonecrosis (a type of bone infection) between groups. The quality of evidence was considered to be low or very low for all outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of the true effect and may change the estimate. Bisphosphinates probably reduce the risk of skeletal-related events and disease progression, but the benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of kidney damage.
This review found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 1093 patients, that compared HDT plus AST versus no treatment in patients with relapsed FL. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantations are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias are uncertainties in the HR calculation. For survival, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We found a statistically significant increased PFS in previously untreated FL patients in the HDT +ASCT arm. However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage (HR = 0.97; 95% 0.76 to 1.24; P = 0%.81). The subgroup of trials adding rituximhab to both treatment arms confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to a significant PFS advantage in patients undergoing HDT+ASCT. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients who received HDT. No data were reported for TRM, adverse events or other cancers. In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT and AST in patients treated with HDT versus control in terms of PFS and OS.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (1437 participants) that compared WDD with no treatment or with other antipsychotropic drugs. We found no data on outcomes directly reporting quality of life, hospital service use and economics. WDD is often used as an add-on intervention alongside antipsychutics. The available evidence is not high quality. There was a high risk of bias within the trials but overall, risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear.
We found three new randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 228 participants, bringing the total to 12 RCTs with 799 participants. The review assessed six comparisons. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found insufficient evidence to determine whether any particular arch wire material is superior to any other in terms of alignment or side effects. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine if there is a difference in rate of alignment between conventional and superelastic NiTi materials with regard to side effects of the interventions. There was only one study (24 participants) in this group. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of low quality; six were unclear. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root resurption. Moderate-quality evidence also suggests there may be no difference between conventional versus thermoelastic materials. There were three studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of the data. The quality of evidence was low or very low.
We found only one study of 306 older people who were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups. The study was carried out in France and was conducted in 16 nursing homes in which participants were randomly allocated to receive one treatment group or the other. This review found no differences between groups in terms of behavioural changes. We also found one ongoing study. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative effectiveness of different techniques.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Participants were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or were hospitalised. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis due to heterogeneity in participant population, skin-care products, skin care operations, outcomes, and measurement tools. Nine trials compared different topical skin products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared topical skin care product alongside frequencies of applying. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and drinking performed poorly in the prevent and treatment of infection in adults. The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleansinger might be more effective than the need for soap. In the second trial, being a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties, might be better than soap. Findings from the other trials, all of low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectionant, or a combination) might be less effective than not applying a product. The performance of products depends on the combination of ingredients, the overall formulation and the usage (e.g. amount applied).
The evidence is current to May 2017. We included seven studies with a total of 333 participants in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. Participants were aged from two years to two years of age. All trials were at unclear or high risk of bias and so the results should be interpreted with caution. The antiviral agents used in the included studies were acalovir, valomaciclovirin, and valacyclovirin. There were no significant differences in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. There was an average reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the control group, but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). There was no significant difference between treatment and control groups. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medications' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medications or complication of infection. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant differences between treatment groups. The overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while treatment stopped, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped.
This review examined four trials involving 2250 people who were randomly allocated to receive or receive no treatment. The results showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe blood pressure and blood sugar levels between treatment groups. There was no significant difference in the variability of blood pressure or blood sugar values in 24-hour profiles between groups. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality of life and showed no clear differences between the groups.
In this review, we found six trials that assessed the effects of SNS compared with 'off' and 'on' periods. The trials were carried out in Thailand, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the USA. We found that SNS did not improve the number of episodes of faecal leakage compared to 'off', or 'on', periods. In one trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe FI in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes compared with the control group who received optimal medical care (mean difference (MD) −5.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.34 to −2.26 at 12 months). In the parallel group trial carried out by Thin, 15 participants with FI experienced less episodes of fluid in the abdomen compared with control group. In the crossover trial by Kahlke, 14 participants withFI experienced significantly lower episodes of fluids per week during the control period. In another trial by Sørensen and colleagues, participants did not experience any fluid episodes in either the one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ periods. No adverse events occurred. Adverse events reported include: haematoma formation (n = 3), misplacement of tined lead (1), wound infection (2), and discomfort at site of the implanted pulse generator (1). Two trials assessed SNS as a treatment option in the Kenefick trial. In this trial, the two participants experienced an average of two abdominal discomfort episodes per week, compared with five during the 'on'. In the trial by Vaizey, participants reported a median of six, and one, episodes of diarrhoea per week in the group of 19 who preferred the 'offs' period. Four of 27 participants experienced no adverse events. In contrast, in a trial by Leroi, 24 of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the period they had preferred. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 participants who preferred SNS and five who preferred 'off'.
This review found two trials that were at low risk of bias. Both trials were well-designed and at low-risk of bias, and both presented data on first time failure at the tooth level. Pooling of the data showed a statistically significant difference in favour of mental bands, with a risk ratio of 2.92 (95% confidence intervals (CI) 1.80 to 4.72). No statistically significant heterogeneity was shown between the studies. No other adverse events were identified.
We identified 66 studies published between 1988 and 2012. We found that the summary sensitivity and specificity of this tool in discriminating T1 to T2 (superficial), T1a versus T1b (submucosal) and lymph node status were similar. However, it should be noted that between-study heterogeneity was not negligible: unfortunately, we could not identify any consistent source of the observed heterogeneity. Therefore, all accuracy measures reported in the present work and summarizing the available evidence should be interpreted cautiously. Moreover, we must emphasize that the analysis of positive and negative likelihood values revealed that the accuracy can be considered clinically useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with gastric cancers.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 492 participants, that compared day-time versus overnight stay laparoscopic cholecystopoietic surgery. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The average or median age of the participants varied between 40 and 47 years. We found that there was no significant difference between the two groups in terms of quality of life, time to return to normal activities, and in the proportion of people requiring hospital readmissions. However, the trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. Long-term mortality was not reported in any of the trials. No significant difference was seen in the percentage of failed discharge (failure to be discharged as planned) between groups (5 trials; 419 participants; 42/205) in the day-surgery group versus 43/214 (20.1%) in the overnight stay surgery group). Pain was similar in both groups (3 trials; 175 participants; MD 0.02 cm visual analogue scale score; 95% CI -0.69 to 0.73; 2 trials, 217 participants); and return to work (1 trial, 74 participants). No significant differences were seen in hospital readmission rate (involving 6/225 (weighted rate 0.5%) and 5/154 (3.2%) between the night-time surgery group versus 5/239 (2.1%). No data were available on the number of patients requiring hospital admission due to complications. The quality of evidence for all outcomes was far less than the diversity-adjusted required information size to exclude random errors.
We included eight studies involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two studies used a control group and six used a 'active' control group to help maintain blinding. Efficacy outcomes were inconsistently reported, resulting in analyses for most outcomes being based on less than complete data. We found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks, about 10% more participants reported themselves much or very improved with high-concentration capsaicins than control. More participants (about 10%) had average 2 to 8-week and 2 to 12-week pain intensity reductions of at least 30% and at 12 weeks (2 to 4 studies, 571 to 1272 participants; very low quality evidence). We found two studies (801 participants). One study reported the proportion of participants who were significantly or very much improved at 8 or 12 weeks. For peripheral diabetes neuropathy, we found one study (369 participants). It reported the percentage of participants with moderate or substantial levels of pain. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common with control, based on small numbers of events (six to eight studies, 21 to 67 events; moderate quality evidence, downgraded due to few events). No deaths were judged to be related to study medications. We downgraded the quality of evidence for efficacy outcomes due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to publication bias.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid artery stenosis and in the definition of blood flow to the brain. We found no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery was of some benefit for participants with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis, and highly beneficial for those with 70% to 99% stenosis without near-occlusion (moderate-quality evidence).
This review found only one randomized controlled trial (RCT) and one non-randomized controlled trial that met our inclusion criteria. Ten retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants, were included in the review. The participants were randomly assigned to receive either a lateral or a transrectal surgical approach. The results were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation, development of other complications, or skin irritation. None of the included studies measured other stoma-related morbidity or mortality. All included studies reported results for the primary outcome (parastomal prolapse), and one study also reported data on one of the secondary outcomes. The effects of different surgical approaches on parastomatic hernation and the occurrence of a prolapse are uncertain. In conclusion, there is still a lack of high-quality evidence to support or refute the superiority of the studied stoma formation techniques over the other.
We found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences, leaving the study early and quality of life.
We found 11 studies with a total of 415 participants. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blinded, and one open-labeled. Eight trials compared different non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) with another treatment, or with another drug combination. Three trials compared a combination of a drug plus a drug with the same drug alone. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of participants with at least 50%, and at least 30%, of at least 100% improvement or improvement of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). We judged results for all outcomes as very low-quality evidence. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), lack of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspeptia (11%). Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of efficacy (24%) or because of adverse events (5%). We judged the quality of evidence to be very low. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size; none was unequivocally at low quality.
This review found two studies involving 287 participants. One study involved 253 participants and the other involved 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review. This study found no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of days in hospital days. The other study reported no differences between the groups in relation to side effects. The quality of evidence for most outcomes was very low. The most important reasons for downgrading the quality were serious risk of bias and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events).
This review found no randomised controlled trials that compared anticoagulant drugs with antiplatelet drug drugs. There were also no trials that directly compared either of these drugs with other drugs and the reported non-randomised trials did not show any evidence of a significant difference between the two.
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 2066 patients. We grouped results according to wound type, and skin preparation. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-containing dressing or topical agents promote wound healing or reduce wound infections. We found no significant differences between the trials in terms of the number of infections, but one trial in a variety of wounds showed significantly fewer infections with sodium sulphadiazine (SSD) cream, but the other five found no evidence of a difference. One trial compared two different types of dressing, and showed a significantly lower risk of infections with silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) than with silver nitrate gauze. Six trials compared a cream with a non-silver dressing, but three trials showed significantly more infections with SSD than with the other dressing. Only one trial showed a significant reduction in healing time associated with a silver-covering hydrofibre dressing in diabetic foot ulcers.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All studies examined the effectiveness of one antimicrobial treatment regimen versus another, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality, clinical cure, length of stay in ICU, or adverse events. Two studies compared tigecarycline versus imipenem-cilastarin for clinical cure in the clinically evaluated population and there was a statistically significant increase in clinical cure for imupenem. Of importance, this effect was due to a single study. The quality of evidence for adverse events was low.
We included 29 studies which examined the effects of policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. We found that when policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory (anti-inflammatory) drug classes, decreased drug usage and cost savings occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). When policies targeted second generation antipsychotic drug classes increased treatment discontinuity and other health care costs without reducing overall drug expenditures (2 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertenives and statin increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug costs. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society, also require explicit measurement.
This review found that there was insufficient evidence to recommend any specific one-to-one OHA method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high-quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement.
This review found five small randomised controlled trials, involving 30 and 49 participants. Trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no data could be extracted from one trial-controlled trial and three trials used different comparators. One trial reported significant short-term benefits compared to no treatment: 48% more participants reported success (RR = 2 (95% CI 1.3 to 3) on a 0 to 10 point scale; total shoulder abduction increased by 23.3 degrees); Shoulder Pain and Disability Index (SPADI) score improved by 18.1 on a scale of 0 to 100 point scale. A second trial reported no significant differences between oral or intra-articular steroids, but it suggested improvement occurred earlier in the group treated group. A third trial reported minimal adverse effects reported.
This review found that there is currently insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of re-stimulation of muscles. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised controlled trial.
This review found 10 randomised controlled trials (10 trials involving 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons of different comparisons. No differences were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisorone (one trial each), for example, for the addition of plasma, or for the combination treatment with antibiotics and other drugs. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard dose of topical steroid (clobetasol) with a milder dose. Chinese traditional medicine was not effective in one trial.
This review of trials found that herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel disorder, but the quality of remaining trials was generally low. The methodological quality of three trials was high, but there were too few trials to be sure of their results. Some herbal medicines were also combined with conventional treatment and compared to conventional treatment alone.
We found 22 studies that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of pericoital use of LNG and other hormonal medications. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. Pericoital LNG was reasonably efficacious and safe. Other hormonal medications appeared promising but most of them were not studied extensively. However, we considered the evidence to be moderate quality because of the large number of participants from diverse populations, the low pregnancy rates and the consistent results across studies.
We found 15 studies involving 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgery with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper molars. We carried out a random-effects model meta-analysis for the seven studies that fully reported this outcome. There was no evidence of a difference in overall duration of treatment between surgeons and conventional surgeons. No included studies reported adverse effects. There is moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is not associated with the inherent risks and compliance issues related to headgear.
We included 50 studies with a total of 45,285 participants: 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared cholesterol lowering with no treatment, and three studies (5547 participants) examined two different cholesterol lowering regimens in people who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to meta-analyse 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Seven studies comparing cholesterol lowering versus no treatment was conducted according to published protocols, outcomes were adjudicated by a committee, specified outcomes were reported, and analyses were conducted using intention-to-treat methods. Statin-related effects on blood and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood.
We identified nine trials with 379 participants. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, France, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. Participants were aged from 2 to 19 years. All studies were parallel designed randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomly allocated participants to one of two or more treatment groups. All trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonate (two alendronates) (two botulinum toxins A and one pAMidronate) and other pharmacological interventions. Three of the trials evaluated intrathecal bacl ofen (ITB) and two Botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the other trials evaluated a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent (BP). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgeser in this patient group. No adverse events were reported in this trial. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received alendrenate. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic shock. Overall the quality of the studies was mixed. We identified 24,704 citations from our database search. Based on current data this systematic review is unable to determine the effects of pharmacological treatments for headache with LLCs. The evidence that is currently available is limited.
We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were identified. No data were available from the seventh trial. Due to imprecision in the results, it was not possible to determine whether latropirdine had any effect on cognition measured with the Alzheimer’s Assessment Scale cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) or the Mini-Mental State examination (MMSE), or on function. However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit of latepirdine on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoint (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that latropiritine and control of adverse events were comparable in adverse events, serious adverse events and dropouts due to adverse events. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality.
We included seven trials involving 735 participants. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent strokes in people with symptomatic intracerebral arteries stenosis. In people with acute ischaemic strokes, there was no significant difference between RIC and non-RIC for reducing the severity as assessed by the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score and the final infarct volume. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies. For people receiving intravenous thrombolysis, the rate of death or dependency was significantly increased by RIC treatment.
We included six studies involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found low-quality evidence that supplementation of human milk increased in-hospital rates of growth, length of hospital stay, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. No data were available about the effects on long-term growth, body weight, body composition, or developmental outcomes. The quality of evidence was very low because of the small number of infants included in the studies, the small sample sizes, low precision, and very low quality evidence regarding duration of hospital stays, feeding intolerance, and necrotizing enterocolopathy.
This review includes 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of pemetic interventions to no interventions. One single study compared paper-based pemergic interventions to the same document delivered on CD-ROM. Based on seven studies and 54 outcomes, the median absolute risk difference in categorical practice outcomes was 0.02, and the median improvement in standardised average difference for continuous profession practice outcomes were 0.13. Only two studies reported patient outcomes. In addition, we re-analysed 54 outcomes from 25 ITS studies, using time series regression and observed statistically significant improvement in level or in slope in 27 outcomes. From the ITS studies we calculated improvements in professional practice outcomes across studies after pEM dissemination (standardised median change in level = 1.69). From the data gathered, we could not comment on which characteristics influenced their effectiveness. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect of pEMs on patient outcomes, and clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known.
This review found that interventions which aim to promote sexual behaviours such as abstinence and condom use can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. There were no statistically significant effects of abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. A variety of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancers.
We included twenty studies with 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care, and one study compared brief psychosocial interventions with cognitive behavioral therapy. We found that brief psychological interventions can improve the global state in the short term, but not in the long term. The risk of relapses was significantly lower amongst participants receiving brief psychological intervention in the medium term. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74, nor the death rate in either groups. A brief psychoeducational approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to confirm or refute this approach.
We included 11 studies involving 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, without recent exacerbations. One study was sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risks of bias, and possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited gold-standard participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A andB participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. Compared to the LABA+ICS arm, the results for the pooled primary outcomes for the LAMA+LABA arm were as follows: exacerbations, serious adverse events, and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) were reduced by an increase over 4 units or more of the SGRQ. Pneumonia, all-cause mortality, and quality of life were decreased by an average of 4% and 4%, respectively.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no new studies for this update. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental distress. The evidence for all outcomes in this comparison was of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to open-label design.
This review found that a combination of a small subset of red flags may be useful to screen for vertebral fracture in patients presenting for LBP. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. When combinations of redflags were used, the performance appeared to improve. It should also be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients.
This review found insufficient data to determine which treatment is best in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs.
This review found that intermittent ICS was superior to intermittent, inhaled inhaled budesonides and beclometwasone in terms of lung function, quality of life, airways inflammation, control of symptoms and use of inhalers. There was no significant difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacerbations requiring oral corticosteroid drugs (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% CI 0.87 to 1.32; the large confidence interval translates into a risk of exacerbations in the intermittent intervention group varying between 17% and 25%, assuming a 19% risk with daily ICS). The quality of the evidence means that we cannot currently assume equivalence between the two options. Daily ICS appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily, compared to intermittent treatment.
We found 17 studies involving 1639 people. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary advice with or without lifestyle advice and six studies (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate- restricted low-iron enriched diet, two studies of increased fruit and vegetable intake, and one study of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. We found that dietary advice may increase health-related quality of life, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol and diastolic blood pressure compared to a control diet. The risk of adverse events was generally not reported. Overall, dietary advice had uncertain effects on mortality, cardiovascular events and ESKD.
This review found only one study with a total of 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchial infection. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. The results showed a significant decrease in lung function score in the control group but not in the mist in a tent group. This review found insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding the use of steam inhalation or mist in children up to three years of age.
We found four studies involving 1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years. All participants were randomised controlled trials. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) and Mini Mental State examination (MMSE). The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no studies that assessed the effect of these drugs on quality of life, behaviour, global function or activities of daily living. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from the data when we pooled the data (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided data on change in mini Mental State Examination, which is a mental state examination that measures the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. The quality of evidence was low for all studies. We assessed risk of bias as low.
This review found that there is no evidence of significant benefit from increasing ankle range of motion in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease types 1A and 2A. Further research is required.
This review found that women who were upright were less likely to have a caesarean or episiotomies, and were more likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes including duration of the second stage of labour, or other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. Babies of mothers who received an epidural patch were also less likely than those who were not to have an epidural. There is clear and important evidence that women in low-risk labour should be informed of the benefits of upright positions and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required for inclusion in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants and compared transaxillary first rib surgery with supraclavicular neuroplasty. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial had a high risk of bias. The third trial that assessed 37 participants and found no significant effect of treatment with the botulinum toxins (BTX) injected into the scalene muscle. There was a need for an agreed definition for the diagnostic criteria, especially the disputed form, agreed outcome measures and high quality randomized trials that compare the outcome of interventions with no treatment and with each other.
This review found that there is a small amount of evidence to support the use of other non-surgical, non-steroidal medications (steroids, diuretic drugs, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug) and other treatment options. The review authors identified 21 trials involving a total of 884 people who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups: one group received no treatment, and the other group received treatment with other medications or with no treatment at all. The other group was allocated to receive either no treatment or no treatment for at least two weeks. In one trial involving 51 people, yoga significantly improved symptoms after eight weeks. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results. One trial involving 21 people showed significant improvement in symptoms after three weeks compared to no treatment. In the other trial involving 50 people, vitamins B6 and B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. In another trial involving 100 people, hormone treatment significantly reduced symptoms over eight weeks compared with hormone injections. In a third trial involving 75 people, the hormone treatment was not significantly beneficial. In four trials involving 193 people, blood pressure-lowering drugs did not demonstrate significant benefit. In two trials involving 95 people, laser therapy, laser, acupuncture, exercise and chiropractic care did not provide significant benefit when compared to control. In three trials involving 150 people, no treatment was significantly better than no treatment in the short-term improvement of symptoms. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014.
We included two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. One trial was conducted in the USA and one in the UK. The other study was based in Australia and was funded by a pharmaceutical company. Both trials were at high risk of bias due to incomplete outcome data in SCORE and selective outcome reporting in GENEVA. The two RCTs reviewed herein provide insufficient evidence to determine the benefits of IVs for individuals with CVD. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retina neovascularization. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcomes reporting.
This review found that intranasal corticosteroid drugs may significantly improve nasal obstruction symptoms in children with moderate to severe hypertrophy, and this improvement may be associated with a reduction in adenoid size.
This review found only one small randomised controlled trial (involving 24 women) that was conducted in Mexico. This study was at low risk of bias in three domains but was assessed to be high risk of systematic error in two domains due to lack of allocation concealment and blinding of women and staff, and unclear for random sequence generation and outcome assessor blinding. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days). For the baby, this was: stillbirths, perinatal deaths (stillbirths plus deaths in the first week of life), neonatal deaths before discharge from the hospital, deaths after the first 28 days; preterm birth (defined as the birth before 37 weeks' gestation); and side effects of epidural therapy. Reported outcomes The included trial only reported on a single secondary outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the interventions and control groups. However, the change in maternal mean arterial pressure and systolic blood pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not significantly different between the two groups. The study also reported a reduction in maternal diastolic pressure. Thus, there is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion as to whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidur therapy results in better maternal and fetal outcomes and for how long that could be maintained. Interactions with other modalities of treatment and women's satisfaction could represent other avenues of research.
This review found that glucocorticosteroid treatment did not have an important effect on the risk of death or on health-related quality of life up to three months after treatment. There was no evidence of an effect on serious adverse events, liver-related mortality, and number of participants with any complications up to the end of treatment. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events. We are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference in all-cause mortality and serious side effects during treatment because the certainty of evidence was very low.
We found four studies involving 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool studies. There was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months. Significant findings were in favour of a simulation-based training programme (based on one study with 73 participants) but these results should be interpreted with caution as they were based on a single study. Adverse effects were not reported. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulation may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition that are related to driving.
We found eight studies with 582 participants that compared short-duration versus longer-duration corticosteroids. The studies were at low risk of selection, performance, and attrition bias. Five studies were funded by the drug manufacturer, one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, and one study received no funding. We did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure between the two groups, which was equivalent to 22 fewer per 1000 for shorter-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-intensity treatment. No difference was observed between the groups in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferiority and compared five days versus 14 days of treatment. In five studies no difference in the likelihood of an adverse event was found between the treatment groups. Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment did not differ between the studies. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days of oral steroid treatment is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of chronic lung disease.
We found one trial that was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. This review found that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular strategy of giving transfusions of red blood cells to prevent blood loss in people who are receiving supportive care. There were no anaemia-related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels. The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or blood overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections, or serious bleeding. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology.
This review found two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effectiveness of educational games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. One study was based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The other study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based learnings. The study did not assess any patient or patient-centred outcomes. The group that was randomized to the game had higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The second study evaluated a different type of educational game, which was a game based on a video game. This study found no difference between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the study. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the group. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review found eight trials involving 475 people. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used (RR random effects 0.40, 95% CI 0.14 to 1.18). When all kinds of relapses were considered, there was a statistically significant difference in favour of serotonin reuptake inhibitors, however their relative efficacy was unknown. There were no other statistically significant differences in other outcomes, such as quality of life, social functioning, occupational functioning, overall drop-out rate, drop-in rate due to side-effects, troublesome side effects, mortality due to all causes and specifically suicides.
This review found two randomised controlled clinical trials with a total of 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to treatment versus control). Both trials had a low risk of bias. Both trials found no significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia, the decrease of salivary or submandular glands at twelve months (80 patients, one study), and the reduction of blood pressure (130 patients, two studies). Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of treatment and had to be treated by withdrawing the intravenous and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae. Meta-analysis was not performed on the function of salibular glands measured by technetium-99m at three months after treatment due to the highly inconsistent findings across studies. None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs.
We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus parental-centred interventions. The third study compared a parent-centre-based plus clinician-mediated versus a control group. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home-focused sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. We found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the parent group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances in certain contexts, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. No study measured parental use of the strategies outside of the interventions sessions. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children afterintervention, and in one study most strategies were maintained in the parental group at 12 months. No studies reported evidence of language attrition in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills up to 12 months post-intervention. In light of the serious limitations in methodology, and the small number of studies included, we considered the overall quality of the evidence, as assessed by GRADE, to be very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, and further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in them.
We included two trials with 148 participants. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. Included trials did not report on health-related quality of life, and the secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. Due to limited information, trial sequential analysis could not be performed as planned.
We found five studies that involved 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative interventions that involved a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor as a member of the care team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant differences between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with relaxation in the medium term, it buffered against a reduction in quality of quality of lives. In the palliatives care interventions, there was no significant difference in quality or health-being between the trial arms. Moreover, it is unclear in all the studies whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual or religious support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. Such interventions are under-evaluated.
We found six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found no evidence of an effect regarding differences in dropouts and adverse effects between treatment and control groups. There was insufficient evidence that dropouts, adverse effects, or deaths were higher with treatment. Two studies reported on the physical health and mental health aspects of health-related quality of life. There is insufficient evidence to determine the effects of treatment for improving activities of daily living.
We included 12 studies with a total of 461 participants in this review. We included an additional four studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetic supportive interventions.
We found 14 trials that involved 2488 participants. Most trials were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias. We included four new studies at this update. We found that antiviral drugs may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in comparison to corticosteroid drugs alone, or in people with severe Bell's palsY, but the results were very imprecise. Antiviral drugs probably reduced the number of participants who experienced these long-term complications, such as motor synkinesis or crocodiles. None of the four comparisons showed clear differences in adverse events between treatment and comparison arms.
This review of two small randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found insufficient evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of these drugs in the treatment of platinum-negative and platinum-positive EOC. The quality of evidence for all outcomes (including survival, progression-free survival, quality of life, and adverse events) is very low.
We found 17 eligible randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxaemic respiratory failure. Ten trials compared nitric oxide (iNO) versus control (placebo or standard care) in infants with moderate or severe respiratory failure who did not have a herniated hernia. The other trials compared control with high-frequency oxygen (high-frequency ventilation) or with a combination of oxygen and oxygen. We found that infants who received a lower dose of nitric oxygen were less likely to die or to need an additional life-threatening heart attack or stroke. Infants who received an initial concentration of 20 ppm were more likely to have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their quality of life worsened. No infants had clear evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn.
This review found that lumbar supports are not more effective than no interventions or training in reducing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other interventions. There is still a need for high quality randomised controlled trials on the effectiveness of lumbars.
We included 57 studies with a total of 16,784 catheter participants. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term parenteral nutrition. The evidence is current to May 2017. We included one new study (338 participants/catheter) in this update, which brought the total included to 57 studies. We found no significant differences between the groups in the rates of infections, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, infection of the skin and/or tender tissue at the injection site. However, the magnitude of benefits regarding infection varied according to setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. The magnitude of the effects was also not affected by the participants' initial risks. There was no significant difference between the impregnations and non-impregnated groups in rates of adverse effects, including blood infection, blood clots, bruising, and pain.
This review included 15 studies with a total of 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The studies took place in Bangladesh, India, Peru, and Peru. The interventions included nutritional interventions for pregnant women (three studies), nutritional interventions in children (eight studies), nutrition education in pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'systems strengthening' via systems strengthening. There were no dietary interventions studies. None of the studies reported differences in differences between interventions relevant to equity issues. There was no evidence of an effect or unclear effect of nutritional interventions on health-related outcomes such as stunting, or on length of stay in hospital. The quality of evidence was very low to moderate overall. More evidence is needed of the effects of multi-sectorial interventions, combining nutrition-specific and sensitive methods and programmes, as well as of 'up-stream' practices and policies of governmental, non-governmental organisations, and the business sector on nutrition-related outcome measures.
This review found that foam dressings were no more effective in the healing of leg ulcers than other wound dressings. No differences were found in the proportion of participants experiencing adverse events, or in the percentage of participants who were treated with paraffin gauze. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted RCTs, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly, before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of foam dressing in the management of venous leg injuries.
This review found no randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the efficacy and safety of celecoxin and etoricoxin in patients with rheumatological symptoms of inflammatory bowel disease. Only two RCTs were included in the review. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference in exacerbation and adverse events between celecoxins and etricoxib. No patients in either group died or experienced serious adverse events. The results for adverse events were uncertain. The quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events). A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of evidence supporting the risk of adverse events included increased stool frequency, increased blood clots, and inflamed mucosa.
We found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). Six trials included only people with ulcers that were not infected; one trial included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two trials included people without non-infecting ulcers, and the remaining 13 studies did not provide information. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that more wounds may heal when treated as antimacterial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc and sulphadiazine, tretinoine, pexiganan cream, andchloramine are used to treat infected ulcers. We also found that there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the compared topical antimacterial and systemic antibiotic treatment. The only review-relevant outcome reported was number of wounds healed. The quality of evidence was generally low or very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We found six studies that involved 5193 children. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that children who were given a daily dose of antibiotics were less likely to be admitted to hospital and were more likely to have a chest infection than those who were not given antibiotics. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of children who received antibiotics and those who did not receive antibiotics.
This review found 10 studies including 33,179 participants. Eight studies found no significant effect on the incidence of acute diarrhoea, or on the number of symptoms of acute LRTIs. Three studies reported no differences and no protective effect. Two studies reported that children with poor nutritional status or weight were less likely to have an acute LRRI, but increased the incidence in healthy children. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of vitamins A for the prevention of diarrhoeas in children. Low-dose vitamins A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose.
This review found that the benefits were seen in a small number of studies that compared the effectiveness of the drug with no other bronchodilator plus corticosteroid (oral and inhaled) and with a variety of different concomitant treatments. This review found a modest effect on lung function and blood pressure, as well as on the amount of oxygen and carbon dioxide in the blood. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to be theophyllines tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of these studies.
We included 10 studies that involved a total of 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. All studies enrolled small numbers of children, and used different methods to provide oral immunotherapies. Each study used a different oral immun therapy protocol; none used sublingual immun therapy. Three studies used an egg avoidance diet as the control. Seven studies used no treatment, and one study used no intervention. We found that an increased amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events is effective, with almost everyone becoming more tolerant compared with a minority in the control group and almost half of people being totally tolerant of egg by the end of treatment. However, nearly all who received treatment experienced adverse events, mainly allergy-related. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of children and may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the trials. Eight included studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Furthermore, the quality of evidence was low due to small numbers and events, and possible biases.
We included four studies involving 579 participants. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no differences in the risk of long-term mortality between participants who were managed conventionally at follow-up, with no evidence of heterogeneity. No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. Two studies reported data on adverse events. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although the differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs, if the costs incurred by the infection were counted.
We found four studies involving 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. The studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detect bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants: RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.10), however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. This could be due to the agent used or perhaps because to the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. When this study was removed from the analysis the heterogeneity was 0% and the result was significant (in favour of surgery). There was an increased number of infections in the surgery group however this increase was not statistically significant (4 studies, 275 participants). Three studies reported a higher frequency of patient satisfaction at three and six months. Postoperative complications as well as cost and time to work resumption were less in the surgical group; however the recurrence rate was higher. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. The cure rate in short-term follow-up was similar between the groups.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared recombinant recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with no treatment in 40 children with acute respiratory infections. This review found that there was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks. However, the average change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the control group (mean difference (MD) 1.00; 95% CI 0.17 to 1.83, P = 0.02).
We included 21 studies with 2658 randomised participants. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. The average number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting that most participants had symptoms that lasted for at least two years. Due to the nature of the interventions, lack of blinding of participants, therapists, and outcome assessors resulted in a high risk of bias on these items for most studies. Adverse events were seldom reported. The overall quality of evidence contributing to this review was rated as low to moderate. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatment. Compared with enhanced care, psychotherapy was not more effective for most of the outcomes. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution.
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 3027 participants. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that regional anaesthetic may reduce the risk of developing persistent pain three to 12 months after breast surgery and three to six months after caesarean sections. There is moderate-quality evidence that giving intravenous or intramuscular injections of local anaesthetic reduces the risk that a patient will experience persistent pain after surgery. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. We did not synthesize evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputations, hernia damage, heart surgery and laparitis. We conclude that there is moderate quality evidence that regional analgesia may reduce a patient's risk of having persistent pain in the short to mid-term period after breast operations.
This review found 28 trials involving a total of 1742 trial participants. The evidence is current up to May 2014. The review found that second- and third-generation antipsychotic treatment was more likely to be effective in the short-term than in the long-term, and may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation, and changes in haemogram parameters with olanizapine. A significant decrease in body weight was observed in one trial. The quality of evidence was limited by the small number of trials that were available.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties with recruiting and maintaining participants in this study. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary outcome measures. None of the trials addressed: number of catletters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Two trials reported in more than one comparison group. Four trials compared washout (either saline or acidic solution) with no washout. One trial compared different compositions of acidic solution (stronger versus weaker solution). We are uncertain if type of washout solution has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infections or length of time each infection was in situ because the results are imprecise. Four studies reported on possible adverse effects, such as blood in the washing solution, changes in blood pressure and bowel spasms. There were very few small trials that met the review inclusion criteria. Data from seven trials that compared different washout policies were limited, and generally, of poor methodological quality or were poorly reported. Further rigorous, high quality trials that are adequately powered to detect benefits from washout are needed.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies contributing to the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer prevention, cancer therapy, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess tiredness, and sample size. All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and therefore could not pool results, so we present them descriptively. The evidence in this review is therefore weak, and the exact prevalence of the reported risks remains to be determined.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Denmark, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic alone) there was a significant reduction in both respiratory infection and total mortality in the treated group. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any effect.
This review found that there is insufficient evidence supporting the effectiveness of interventions targeting nursing staff to prevent or reduce the use of physical restraint in geriatric long-term care.
We found four randomised controlled trials (involving a total of 416 women) that compared glucocorticosteroids with a dummy treatment (placebo). Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials involving 310 women. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. One study gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. More research is needed.
We included eight trials involving 291 people aged between five and 23 years. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. Seven trials compared standard-dose rGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared a standard dose of rGH and a high dose of RGH. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. There is some evidence indicating a change in the level of fasting blood glucose, however, it did not cross the clinical threshold in the trials of short duration. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in this review due to the small number of participants.
We included 26 studies with a total of 1,695 participants that reported on three comparisons: complete reduction of exposure and reduced exposure compared with continued exposure, and complete reduction from exposure compared to reduced exposure. In 18 studies, authors compared reduced exposure to continued exposure. We found that reduced exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of symptoms, and it may improve lung function compared to continuous exposure. No studies reported or enabled calculation of change in NSBH. In two studies, we found that the risk of unemployment may increase compared with decreased exposure. Four studies reported a decrease in income of 20% to 50% after removed from exposure. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes.
This review included six trials involving 1758 participants. All participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had an average age of 73 years. The trials were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux diseases or milder grades of esophagritis. Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harmful effects of on-time-off-drugs. There was a significant reduction in 'drug burden', measured as pills used per week, and probably a reduction in the amount of pills needed to treat symptoms of gastroenteritis (e.g. nausea and vomiting). There was also a decline in participant satisfaction, although heterogeneity was high. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive effects.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated social skills training compared to standard care. We found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement. Quality of life was also improved in the social skills programme. However, when social skills programmes were compared to a control group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low.
We found only one study that was at low risk of bias. This study included a total of 225 participants who were randomly assigned to receive either peglotics or no treatment. This was the pooled results from two randomized controlled trials (225 participants, 145 with tophi and 145 without tophi) that were randomised to one of three arms. The study was funded by the National Institute of Health, the US Food and Drug Administration, and the European Medicines Agency. The results of this review suggest that peglosis is probably beneficial in the management of tophi, in terms of resolution of pain and quality of life, but with a high risk of adverse events. However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgical procedures.
This review found no randomized controlled trials that compared oral immunoglobulins with oral IgAs alone or combined with IgAs or IgAs/IgAs with IgA.
This review found that postoperative platinum based on radiotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the risk of developing the first recurrence of the tumour of the uterus. It may be less effective than radiotherapy in a direct comparison but may have added value when used with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medications or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, care for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Our synthesis showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of satisfaction and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could also be a problem. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality. Some client suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages.
This review found that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting painkillers can reduce withdrawal symptoms and side-effects, although it was impossible to pool data for the last two outcomes.
This review found nine studies involving 1109 participants that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of antagonist-induced withdrawal. The level of sedation did not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification.
This review found 14 studies that compared the efficacy and adverse effects of this drug with no active medication. The evidence is current to May 2017. The review found no evidence to suggest that this drug is more effective than other typical medications, but it does cause significantly more weight loss. The quality of evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatment options. Each study involved a different set of interventions. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone, tretinoins, and fluocinolone acetonides), as well as less conventional interventions including rucinol, vitamins C iontophorusis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite.
This review of trials found that surgery to remove the eye of the eye was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of surgical failure in the first year after surgery in patients at high risk of failure and those undergoing surgery for the first time. No surgical failures were detected in studies assessing combined surgery. No differences occurred in the combined surgery group receiving regular-dose postoperative surgery. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in the primary group receiving intraoperative surgery, and in the low-dose group receiving routine-dose surgery. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence was found to be very low using GRADE. The combined surgery postoperative subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and because of the small sample size of the only contributing study.
This review found that inhaled corticosteroids did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), although one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. Long-term use of ICS reduced the average rate of exacerbations in those studies where pooling of data was possible (generic inverse variance analysis: MD -0.26 exacerbations per patient per year).
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 5820 women. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no evidence of a difference with regard to adverse effects, though data were very scanty. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low blood pressure-lowering fluid (PEEP) in 2565 participants. In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low fluid with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. We found insufficient data to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). In the main analysis, we assessed mortality occurring before hospital discharge only in those studies that assessed the risk of barotrauma. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the two groups.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from this original review due to concerns about integrity of data and six studies were lacking individual patient kidney function data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria. Overall, there was a significant increase in the risk of kidney failure in the treated individuals compared to the control group and the number with author-defined kidney function. The risk of meeting urine output and kidney function was in contrast in favour of the control groups. No differences between subgroups were seen between septis versus non-sepsis patients, high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low molecular weight, or high versus low dose treatment.
We identified nine studies that involved 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two studies made comparisons with captopil, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi). The evidence is current to May 2017. The review found no evidence to support any recommendation for its use. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rheumbil. The quality of evidence was both scant and low.
This review found that IQCODE performs better in a 'general' setting. We found no significant differences in the test accuracy of the short (16-item) versus the 26-itemIQCODE, or in the language of administration. Across the included papers, there was substantial potential for bias, particularly around sample of included participants and selection criteria, which may limit generalisability.
We included three studies involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults with chronic strokes. There was 'low quality' evidence for modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic motor stimulation (FES), compared with task therapy therapy only; and occupational, manual, and dynamic elbow extension splinted compared with occupational therapies only. No studies addressed interventions in children and those with lower limbs, or after other focal intramuscular treatment.
This review found four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, that compared the effectiveness of long-term antiviral therapy to each of the newer antiviral medications. Two trials compared the combination of the antiviral drug, lamivirine, with no antiviral medication, and one trial compared a combination of lamivirin and adefovir dipivoxin with a combined antiviral medicine, which was given to all patients in the two trials. A third trial compared combination therapy with lamivine and antiviral medicines versus lamivirenine alone after one month of combination therapy, and a fourth trial compared an antiviral antibiotic with antiviral antibiotics. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. Statistically significant differences were not detected in any of the comparisons and outcomes. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were adequately powered to show a difference in hepatitis B infections.
This review found 10 studies involving 1019 participants that examined the effects of sulphonylurea (sulphonyalurea) on blood sugar and blood pressure in patients with LADA. The studies were at a high risk of bias as there was a great deal of heterogeneity in the studies and in their selection criteria. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events.
We found 70 studies with a total of 44,958 participants that examined the effects of social norms interventions for preventing alcohol misuse among college/university students. A total of 63 studies (42,784 participants) were included in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. We have reported pooled effects across delivery modes only for those analyses for which heterogeneity of delivery modes is not substantial (I2 < 50%). We found that alcohol-related problems at four or more months were similar between groups, with a reduction of 1.28 points in the 69-point alcohol problems scale score, equivalent to a decrease of 43.9 drinks per week. No effects were found for GFF or MC. Binge drinking at four and more months was similar, with an average reduction of 0.17 drinking days per week, compared to an average of 2.74 days/wk. No effect was found for typical GFF and MC. Quality of life was similar in all studies, with no differences between groups. We found no differences in peak blood alcohol concentration (BAC) between groups in any of the studies. No differences were found in GFF, MC, or WF. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with interventions that aim to prevent alcohol misuse in college and university students.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 thrombotic operations. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of additional equipment and restrictions. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if perceived satisfaction in the rate of recovery differed between participants provided with hip precautions with (1/152) compared to without providing equipment or restrictions post-THA. The other study (265 participants; 303 thromboembolism operations) compared the provision with versus without the prescription of postoperative equipment and restriction to functional activity. The study did not measure function, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. The third study (146 participants) investigated an enhanced postoperative health care service on hospital discharge to promote functional outcomes. This study was of very low quality evidence. There is also insufficient evidence to support or refute the adoption of a program consisting of functional reintegration and education. Further high-quality trials are warranted to assess the outcomes of different occupational therapies interventions both in the short and longer-term.
This review found that LNG-IUD use reduces the number of women reporting a change in menstruation compared with expectant management. The proportion of women who were satisfied with their treatment was also higher in the LNG group but did not reach statistical significance. In one trial, women reported lower pain scores compared with women receiving gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonist but this was not statistically significant.
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA (14/24). Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) influenced snack foods or drinks. Most (14) changed the distance at which a snack food was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. For consumption outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from two studies (n = 150) found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a moderate reduction in consumption of those foods, but with considerable uncertainty. Meta-regression analyses indicated that this effect was greater: when only the targeted food(s) was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of biased.
This review found no randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of two or more antiretroviral medications on HIV seroconversion. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug medications following occupational exposure to HIV. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, is required.
This review found that cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) has small to moderate effects on disability, mood, and stress, but does not have an important impact on quality of life. Behavioural therapy has no effects on mood, but showed an effect on stress immediately after the intervention. Cognitive behavioural therapy has weak effects in improving disability, but only immediately after treatment and when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list. Cognitive behavioral therapy has small effects on stress, with some maintenance at six months.
We found 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met our inclusion criteria. Ten of the interventions provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated interventions of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a statistically significant average decrease in salt intake from pre-intervention to post-interventions, ranging from Finland to Ireland (see above), and one showed no significant change and two (Canada, United States) showed a significantly significant average increase of salt intake. Nine of the 15 interventions provided data on differences between men and women. For men, five initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, France, United Kingdom) showed no statistically significant mean decrease, three (Netherlands, Switzerland and United States), showed no major change and one (Canada) showed an average increase. Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in mean salt intake occurred by other axes of equity included in the PROGRESS framework. We identified no adverse effects of these interventions. The number of initiatives was insufficient for other subgroup analyses, including stratification by interventions type, economic status of country and duration (or start year) of the program. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population and rigorous measurement of dietary sodium intake. However, all studies were scored as having high risk of bias, reflecting the observational nature of the research and the use of an uncontrolled study design. We could perform a sensitivity analysis only for impact.
We identified 18 studies, but only seven studies met our inclusion criteria. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Studies were of low risk of bias, while four studies were of uncertain risk. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that amitriptine was associated with prolonged morning hypotension in three of 16 participants, and increased the second stage of sleep in one study. Adverse effects were frequent in people who took a preventive medication (5/10 had drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the morning and xerostomia compared with 0/10 in the control group). We found insufficient evidence on the effectiveness of pharmacotherapies for the treatment of sleep bruising. This systematic review points to the need for more, well-designed studies.
We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific target, and reported outcomes. All studies reported mortality. For the primary outcome, study authors reported no differences in all-cause mortality between groups. For secondary outcomes, we are uncertain whether immunonutrition reduces ICU length of stay or oxygenation at day 4 due to the very low quality of evidence. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings.
This review found 33 studies that compared different methods of elicitation with checklist-type questions or rating scales. Despite different designs, populations and details of questioning methods, the narrative review showed that more specific questioning of participants led to more AE data detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, the impact on the nature of AE detected by different methods is unclear. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for AE compared to checklists, with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64.
We identified 582 records from the databases and search strategies. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract) for inclusion in the review. We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. We included one case-control study at serious risk of bias within a qualitative analysis in this review. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls ascertained a protective effect for the presence of nocturnal supervised care and when a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. This effect was independent of risk factors for SUDEP. Non-SUDEP deaths were not reported in this study. Further research is required.
The evidence is current to May 2017. We found seven studies that involved 208 participants. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of symptoms reported. The studies recruited a range of participants and were not designed to assess non-inferiority. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst one study enrolled participants in one study who had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. The review's primary outcome, forced expiratory volume in one second, was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies; only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing active cycle of breathing techniques. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak flow (per cent predicted). Six studies reported sputum weight. There were no significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic drain was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in the one study over postural and vocalisation. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants.
This review found that psychotherapy based on cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective in the short-term treatment of depressive symptoms, and also in the longer-term management of psychological symptoms.
We found 12 trials involving 1,856 women. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-centre trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. In five trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in seven trials women suffered two or more subsequent miscarriages. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. Eight of the included trials compared treatment with no treatment and the remaining four trials compared no treatment. Routes, dosage and duration of treatment varied across the trials. The meta-analysis of all women, suggesting that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages, suggests that there is probably a slight benefit for women receiving progestgen seen in the outcome of live birth rate. We are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. None of the trials reported on any other maternal outcomes, including severity of night sweats, thromboembolic events, blood clots, low birthweight, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. No clear differences were seen for women for the other outcomes including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth.
We included 14 studies with 1298 women. Nine studies (704 women) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 women), comparing CM with control, versus no intervention. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term net adverse clinical events (i.e. assessed during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up), cardiac death, bleeding, and access site complications. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes.
We found two studies that were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. We found no evidence that the interventions affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the setting. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. Data for 90 participants (35% of the original study) met the definition of advanced dementia for this review and were re-analysed for the purposes of the review. In this subset, interventions surrogates had lower scores for decisional conflict measured on the Decisional Conflict Scale and were more likely than participants in the control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician, but imprecision meant that there was significant uncertainty about both results. Thus, we conclude that there is insufficient evidence to assess the effect of interventions in advanced dementia. The fact that there are six ongoing studies indicates an increased interest in this area by researchers, which is welcome and needed.
This review found that there was no significant difference between the two types of sequencing in terms of survival, overall survival and metastasis-free survival. However, there was an increased risk of neutrophils (a type of blood infection) in one trial (244 women), which was associated with an increased rate of neutropenic septis, but other measures of toxicity did not differ. The data included in this review, from three well-conducted randomised controlled trials, suggest that different methods of sequencing chemotherapy and radiotherapy do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up of up to 24 weeks. We found no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of CRP supplements in overweight adults. There were two serious adverse events and one serious adverse event in an individual taking CRP. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects.
We found 11 studies with a total of 886 participants that evaluated the effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. In general studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We included five randomised controlled trials with 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications that were performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with.
We included 10 studies: four studies provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-RCTs (1181 participants, 8037 live births); two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, one study unreported). The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in Bangladesh, and three studies in a high-income country (Canada). Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with foli acid alone or with other micronut nutrients. Three studies included maize flour fortified in combination with other nutrients. In one non-randomised trial, wheat flour was associated with significantly lower occurrence of total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly, compared to unfortified flour. In two studies, serum and red blood cell concentrations were significantly higher among women who consumed flour fortified as well as with other vitamins and minerals compared to women who did not consume flour. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flour were not more likely to have higher blood counts of red blood cells and red cells compared to no interventions. In a study of children, there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on blood counts. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination.
This review found two randomised controlled trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion in this review. Both trials were funded by the National Institute of Health, and one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The other trial was supported by a public health organisation. The review found that newborns who were screened were less likely to have low blood counts and were more likely to live longer than those who were not screened. The risk of dying from any cause was significantly lower in the screened group than in the control group. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function within normal limits of at least 89% predicted.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' (< 120 mmHg) versus'standard' (< 140 mmHng) systolic blood pressure target analysis. The other trials (ABCD-H, ABCD-N, and a subgroup of HOT) specifically compared clinical outcomes. The total number of participants included in the trials was 2580. Despite achieving a significantly lower blood pressure, and using more antihypertensive drugs, the only significant benefit was a reduction in the incidence of heart attacks and kidney failure. There was a trend towards reduction in total mortality in the group assigned to the 'lower" target, mainly due to a trend to lower non-card cardiovascular mortality. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse events were not reported in any of the trials.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving devices are more effective in the treatment of heel ulcers than removable devices. The review of trials found no differences between the groups in terms of the number of ulcers healed compared with the removable device. However, when combined with tendon strengthening, more ulcers were healed in one study than in the other. Other comparisons included surgical removal of infected ulcers, felt fitted to the skin, and felted foam dressing and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the treatment.
We found five randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 235 participants. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions (n = 100), two of compensatory strategy training interventions, one of meditation interventions and one of physical activity interventions were identified. Each study focused on women who were survivors of breast cancers. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that cognitive function was not amenable to be pooled statistically. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on objectively assessed cognitive function, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed- and immediate- memory, subjectively reported cognitive function and mental well-being. Compensatory strategies demonstrated improvements in objectively assessed delayed, immediate- and verbal-memory, self-reported cognitive functions and spiritual quality of life. The meta-analyses of two RCTs (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from compensatory strategies training on physical, mental, emotional, emotional and spiritual outcomes immediately or two months post-intervention. Evidence for physical activity and meditation interventions on cognitive outcomes is unclear. Larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active attentional control group, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) are required in order to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this approach.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, chlorpresazine appears no worse or better than p Piperacetazine regarding adverse effects. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS); no clear difference was observed. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or costs. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data.
This review found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stenting and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colic group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. However, there was higher clinical success rate in emergency surgery groups.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) which involved 1867 women. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that the plasma expanders assessed in this review reduce rates of OHST in women at high risk. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions, and there were no data on live birth rates.
This review found 10 studies involving 484 patients. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy or patient satisfaction with any one sclerosing agent used in the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limb, but there was some evidence that patients were less satisfied with another agent. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction.
We included seven studies involving 241 participants in this review. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions to prevent clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and heart attacks and cardiac heart attacks. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as intravenous calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia.
This review found 29 studies, involving 3392 participants, that compared antimiotic lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparins) of the CVC. Studies reported the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Antimicrobial locking solutions probably reduces CRI per 1000 catheter-days compared to control lock solutions, however antimacterial lock solutions probably makes little or no difference to the risk of blood clots in the vein. Antibiotics probably reduce CRI only for tunnelled CVCs, but probably not for non-tunnelled cVCs.
This review found that pre-emptive therapy significantly reduced the risk ofCMV, but not acute rejection or all-cause mortality. There were no significant differences in the risks of mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other thanCMV. There was significant variation between studies in terms of side-effects, but no differences between studies. Only one study reported adequate blinding of participants and personnel; no study reported blinding of outcome assessment.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 140 participants, that evaluated the effect of sweet potato preparations on blood sugar control in people with diabetes mellitus. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. There was a statistically significant improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1C (HbA1c) at three to five months with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation (mean difference -0.3%). No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, and costs were not investigated.
This review found that the active cycle of breathing technique was comparable with other therapy in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of lung exacerbations. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding.
This review found that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women who are undergoing fertility treatment.
This review found that a short-term increase in air leakage was associated with a significant increase in mortality before hospital discharge. There was no significant difference in the incidence of single pathology and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU.
We identified 38 trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behaviour and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical tests. For four trials, the number of participants remaining in the trial. The evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires was unclear and the evidence for questionnaires relevant to the disease/condition was also unclear. Although each was based on the results of a single trial, recorded deliveries of questionnaires seemed to be more effective than telephone reminders and a 'package' of postal communication strategies with reminder letters appeared to be better than standard procedures. There was also no evidence that a telephone survey was more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire.
We included eight studies that involved 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not yet published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. Seven included studies provided data for the primary outcome, and eight studies provided information related to more than one secondary outcome. No studies reported significant differences between devices in relation to the primary review outcome: failure to adequately mechanically ventilation. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision.
We included 19 studies with a total of 1453 children aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The average age of children in the studies ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen studies recruited children who were not included in the previous review. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that probiotic-based interventions (13 studies), trials of fibre-based and low FODMAP diets (four studies), and trials of fructose-restricted diets (one study) were not more likely to result in a greater reduction in the frequency of children with irritable bowel symptoms at zero to three months after the intervention compared to those who were given no probiotics. There was also a decrease in the intensity of symptoms at the same time point (7 studies involving 575 children). However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to small numbers of children included in these studies. The estimated number needed to be treated for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive probiotics for one to experience improvement in symptoms in this time period. We judged the quality of evidence for the other outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, and quality of life to be low.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. Odds ratios (OR) for the two studies with dichotomous discrimination outcomes were 1.30 (95% CI 0.53 to 3.19) and 1.19). The 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had median SMD, at the three following time periods: -0.38 (1 week to 2 months) and 0.49 (6 to 9 months). Evidence on secondary outcomes were sparse. Cost data were provided on request for three studies, were highly variable, and did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies containing statements about adverse effects and neither reported any. Mass media interventions may reduce prejudice, but there is insufficient evidence to determine their effects on discrimination.
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored concerns of healthcare providers and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income regions and 15 low-income areas, in rural, urban and semi-urban settings. We found 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context, service design and provision, and what matters to women and staff. The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas; personalised supportive care, and information and safety. For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. Healthcare providers also require sufficient training and education to do their job well, as well as an adequate salary, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to supplement their income, or to fund essential supplies. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value kind, caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, who respect women’s belief that pregnancy is usually a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise.
This review found 16 trials involving 3361 patients that evaluated the efficacy and safety of calcium antagonist drugs in the treatment of aneurysmal aortic infarction. The review found that calcium antagonist treatment may reduce the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia, but the results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral calcium antagonist, and the evidence for other calcium antagonist is inconclusive.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 739 children. The first updated search identified a manuscript reporting additional follow-up data for one of these RCTs, while the second update identified an erratum of this study. All studies had some methodological limitations. There is currently no evidence of effect when additional data are included. There was a significant statistical difference in overall survival in favour of the treatment groups. However, when additional treatment data were included in the analyses the difference in event-free survival remained statistically significant, but the difference was no longer statistically significant (two studies, 360 patients; HR 0.86, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.01). No information on quality of life was reported. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial necrosis, pneumonitis and veno-occlusive, whereas for serious infections and septis no significant difference between treatment groups was identified. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups but the results were not univocal in all studies.
We found eight randomised clinical trials involving 632 participants. The average age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular cancer ranged from 22% to 85%. The median follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the evidence as low to very low certainty. Data on serious adverse events and health-related quality of life are lacking. We are also very much uncertain in the results of the reported non-serious adverse events.
This review found no randomised controlled trials that examined the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD or BPD who were fed formula enriched with proteins and minerals had improved growth parameters up until three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretics requirements.
We found 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants, involving 2360 procedures. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or low for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for two outcomes. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. Data on placement by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking. No data on mortality or participant-reported outcomes were provided.
This review found that physiostigmine was associated with improvement on the ADAS-Cog score at 6, 12 weeks. There were significantly higher numbers of patients from the physiestigmine group withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events (13/83 versus 5/93, p=0.02). There was no difference between physistigmine (higher and lower dose) for numbers improved at 24 weeks.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with previous heart attacks, two trials recruited people with previous strokes, and one trial recruited a mix of people with chronic heart disease and diabetes. We found that the fibrate class can be effective in the prevention of composite outcome of non-fatal heart attacks and blood clots. However, this beneficial effect relies on the inclusion of clofetil data. There was no increase in adverse events compared to control. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate.
The evidence is current to May 2017. We found 12 trials involving 3285 women at low risk of excessive bleeding after elective caesarean section or spontaneous birth. All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to the local guidelines. The quality of evidence was also as assessed using GRADE. Overall, included studies had moderate risk of bias for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding, selective reporting and low risk for incomplete data. Blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL was less common in women who received TA versus control or no treatment. The effect of TA on maternal mortality, severe complications and mortality as well as its use in high-risk women should be investigated further. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects.
We found 12 studies (involving 2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) that evaluated the efficacy and safety of antibiotics used in children and elderly people. We found no studies assessing the effectiveness of antibiotics in the elderly. Amantadine and rimantine did not show any beneficial effect in children, but was beneficial in children on day three of treatment. Rimantine was not beneficial in elderly people, and did not appear to have any harmful effects. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drugs was not well established.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which included a total of 1512 women. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies women were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo treatment; of these two trials, one trial also compared intentional start-up with an IUI cycle. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of intentional endetrial injury. When we compared hysteroscopically performed in the cycle prior to IUI to hysteroscopic surgery, there was no evidence of an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the operation. Neither of the studies reported on the primary outcome of women's quality of life. We are uncertain of the effect on live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low (risk ratio (RR) 2.22, 95% CI 1.56 to 3.15; six RCTs, 950 participants; I² statistic = 0%, very low quality evidence). When we restricted the analysis to only studies at low risk of bias, the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained as low quality. The main reasons we downgraded were most included studies were at a high-risk of bias and had an overall low level of precision.
We found four studies with 3905 participants, all of which were at high risk of bias. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We found no high-quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired infections. We were also unable to determine whether professional care resulted in a lower incidence rate of first episodes of acute respiratory failure compared with usual care over an 18-month period (one study, 2513 participants analysed). We found insufficient evidence to conclude which of these interventions is most effective in reducing the risk of dying due to infection in nursing homes. Only one study assessed adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which was oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. The quality of evidence for other outcomes is inconclusive.
This review found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 149 participants, which evaluated the efficacy and safety of budesonides and beclometasone dipropionates in the treatment of active lymphocytic bowel disease. The studies were of low quality and were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding of participants to the treatment group and the small number of patients included in the studies. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that budesonid (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was significantly more effective for induction of clinical and histological response. No adverse events were reported in the study assessing a combination of becletasone plus cholestyamine (2.4 g/day) versus a combination with becleta (4 g per day) or a dose of mesalidine (2 mg per day). Side effects reported by patients in the budesonidine studies include nauseations, pain, neck and back pain, increased red blood cell counts, and rash. The quality of evidence was low. This means that further research is likely to change the results.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 3259 patients, that compared SMBG with usual care. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Italy, Spain, Spain and Italy. The interventions were compared with a control group that received usual care or with a group of patients who did not receive SMBG. In nine trials, SMBG was compared with standard care without monitoring, one trial was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and standard care with no monitoring, and one study was a trial that compared less intensive SMBG versus more intensive control group. In two trials, costs of SMBG were 12 times more expensive than those of standard care. None of the studies reported data on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. More studies are needed to explore the psychological impact ofSMBG and its impact on patient satisfaction, general well-being and general health-related quality of life, as well as the impact on blood sugar and diabetic complications.
This review found that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological interventions for adults with AsPD. Eleven studies involving 471 participants met the inclusion criteria, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes related to substance misuse. Only two studies reported on reconviction, and one on aggression. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviours.
This review included 11 studies involving 1047 participants. Five studies contributed to one or more analyses relating to purulent infections, with up to 791 participants. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one study met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. Interpretation of the combined data is limited because some studies included only children or only adults, or only males; a wide range of antibiotic were used and outcomes were measured in different ways. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infection. There is no evidence of benefit in children or adults.
We found five trials (162 participants) that assessed the effects of five comparisons (systemic antibiotic treatment (penicillin)) versus no treatment. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. None of the trials measured our efficacy primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. We rated the quality of the results as very low-quality evidence, due to high risk of blinding of participants and caregivers, and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 933 people with MS. Eleven trials tested the efficacy and tolerability of vitamins D and D₃, and one trial tested the effectiveness and safety of vitamins A, B, and C. We found no data on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of MS, proportion of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological and physical symptoms. The quality of evidence was low or very low, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We identified seven new studies, and one study is ongoing so also not included in this update. This review contains a total of 62 studies, with 4241 participants. Studies were old, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes and therefore were only designed to show equivalence between different formulations. The review also shows the wide range of study designs, and inconsistency in cross-over designs. The primary outcomes for this review were participant-reported pain and quality of life. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. In the previous update, a standard of 'no worse than mild pain' was set, equivalent to a score of 30/100 mm or less on a visual equivalent pain intensity scale (VAS), or the equivalent in other pain scores. Eighteen studies achieved this level of pain reduction on average, and no study reported that good levels of pain were not attained. Where results were reported for individual participants in 17 studies, no worse than minor pain was achieved by 96% of participants (362/377), and an outcome equivalent to treatment success in 63% (400/638).
We found 14 studies involving 1260 participants. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after surgery ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, and reporting bias. Evidence was downgraded due to study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus corticoster injections (two studies); percutaneous operations versus steroids injections (five studies); endoscopic operations versus open surgery (one study); and three comparisons of types of incisions for open surgery. We are uncertain whether open surgery increases the risk of adverse events (incidence of infections, tendon injury, inflammation, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) (18/140 observed in the open surgery group compared with 17/130 in the control group; RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.84, RR 3.69 (95% CI 1.99 to 6.85)). Based on two trials (270 participants) from six up to 12 months, 50/130 (or 385 per 1000) individuals had recurrence of symptoms with open surgery compared with 8/140 (or 65 per 1000; range 35 to 127, RR 0.17, RR 4.17 and RR 5.17), for an absolute risk difference that 29% fewer people had re-reaction to symptoms with surgery (60% fewer to 3% more individuals); relative change translates to worsening of 269% (585% to 99% worse) (one trial, 105 participants). Because of very low quality evidence from two trials, there was low-quality evidence that open surgery provides benefits with respect to less triggering recurrence.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with 931 participants, that compared different types of radiotherapy with no radiotherapy. The studies were otherwise at low risk of bias. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, demonstrated a statistically significant benefit for radiotherapy plus PCV, with a median overall survival of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the control arm (P value = 0.018). This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, codeletion of complete chromosomes arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent prognostic factors for survival in two of the RCTs (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and EORTC). The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three trials (n = 137) compared intranasal corticosteroid treatment with a dummy treatment (placebo). Two trials (involving 103 children) compared oral treatment with no treatment. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI, respiratory arousal index, and nadir oxygen saturation between the children studied. We also had concerns about selective reporting in one trial. In contrast, children receiving oral montelukaast had a lower AHI compared to those in the control group (2 studies, 103 children). We are also uncertain, however, about the differences in desaturation index and oxygen saturation (low-quality evidence). Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly distributed between study groups. No study examined the avoidance of surgery as an outcome.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three clinical trials (CCTs), which included a total of 1291 children with CVCs. All studies investigated the prevalence of major and/or minor bleeding episodes, and none found a significant difference between study groups. We found no significant differences in adverse events (such as major and or minor bleeding; none of the studies reported thrombocytopena, heparin-induced blood clotting problems, blood clots in the blood, or infection). One study provided information on other adverse events: None occurred. In one study, which compared one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment, we identified a significant reduction in symptomatic CVC-related bleeding episodes. In the experimental group, 1.5% (1.5%) children were identified with symptomatic bleeding episodes as were 4% in the control group (best case scenario: risk ratio (RR 1.65, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.09 to 4.78). In another study, 22/68 (32.4%) were identified as having asymptomatic bleeding problems, as were 35/114 (30.7%) in the placebo group). The evidence is current to May 2017.
This review found three trials involving 287 participants. The first trial of 98 participants found no benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cords. The second trial of 33 participants used a combination of CSDF and intratheal papaverine. It showed a statistically significant reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit (P = 0.039), compared to controls. In the third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants.
We included 13 studies with a total of 662 participants. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that no studies reported our primary outcomes of interest: Participant-rated global improvement, percentage of participants reaching Psorasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which means equal to or more than 75% reduction in PASI score), Withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate. In one study of NB-UVB, the difference was not statistically significant. In three other studies, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, there were no differences between groups. Pooled data from these three studies indicated that withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different between the two groups. Two studies found no significant differences between the treatment groups in terms of clearance rate, while a parallel study found a similar rate of withdrawal due to unwanted effects. In the third study, no differences were found between the control groups. The quality of evidence was low or very low because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants included in the included studies. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of biofeedergic interventions to improve the outcome of treatment for faecal leakage. There is a suggestion that biofeedergies may have a beneficial effect, but more research is needed to confirm this.
The review of trials found that there was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of people who needed to be re-cleared and the time to return to normal voiding.
This review found 10 studies involving 3340 participants. Seven studies compared ariptiprazole with no treatment, and one study compared aripiprazoles with other drugs. Two studies were funded by pharmaceutical companies, one by a pharmaceutical company, and the other by a drug company with no commercial interest in the results. The studies were carried out in the USA and one in Spain, one in Australia, one each in Spain and Italy, one study in Italy and Spain, and two studies in Australia and Canada. The evidence is current up to May 2017. The review found that aroproprazole is an effective treatment for manic disorder in a population that includes adults, children and adolescents, although its use leads to gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, diarrhoea, abdominal pain) and movement disorder. A high dropout rate from most trials may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. The overall risk of bias was unclear.
This review found no evidence of significant differences in the number of participants cured, number of recurrent CVC-related infections, the number days until the first negative blood culture, or number of CVCs prematurely removed. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five publications assessing the outcome. No significant effect of urokinases or alcohol was found. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. The cohort studies identified no adverse events. No RCTs or clinical trials were published on infection lock treatment alone. All studies had methodological limitations and clinical heterogeneity between studies was present.
This review found no evidence of benefit or difference for varied outcomes. There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial than no treatment at intermediate-term (RR 0.79 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.59 to 1.06)] but not long-term follow-up.
This review found no studies meeting the study design criteria for this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, interventions and outcome criteria were included in this review. The results of this review suggest that communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. The thematic synthesis also indicates that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm, including discrimination in accessing health care.
This review found only one randomised controlled trial with a high dropout rate. This review found no difference between groups for daytime somnoliness, sleep problems during the day, or nap time. More patients in the drug group were drug responders than in the control group. The major adverse events were gastrointestinal problems, tiredness, and headaches.
This review found 15 trials involving 1022 participants that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of external placement of the bone in adults with distal radial fractures. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external placement group. External placement was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor. Probably, some complications could have been avoided using a different technique for pin placement.
We found five studies that involved 1127 patients. The evidence is current to May 2017. The studies were of low or unclear quality. The review found that the risk of a urinary tract infection (UTI) may be reduced in the early versus late group. However, if an externalised PU stheter was used there was no discernible difference between the early and late group (2 studies, 588 participants). Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different methods of fitted preformed preformed prematurity with non-restorative treatment. We also found no RCTs that looked at different materials that were used to fit preformed Prematurity. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or withdrawal, patient satisfaction and costs. All studies in this comparison used PMCs. Four studies compared PMCs with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs versus open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMC fitted using the Hall Technique versus fillings. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted with the Hall technique) versus non-rehabilitation treatment. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk of major failure was lower in the PMC group in the long term compared to fillings (three studies, one conventional and two using Hall Technique). Similarly, there was moderate-quality evidence that there was a lower risk of minor failure in the PRC group (one conventional study, one with Hall Technique, and one with white veneers). One study found no differences between PMCs and fillings in terms of gingival bleeding. The quality of evidence was very low, and we are therefore uncertain about the estimates. There is no evidence to support the use of PMCs compared to non-remodilator treatment.
This review included 28 studies involving 788 children and adults with CF. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Italy, Spain, France, Germany, Switzerland, Switzerland and Italy. The evidence is current up to May 2017. The review found that there was no difference in the number of respiratory exacerbations, but there was a lower exacerbation rate in participants using PEEP compared to other techniques. In one of the included studies which used a breathing machine which used an oral oscillating breathing machine, adverse events were only reported in the flutter group. In another study where infants performing either PEEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal fluid, this was more severe in the neonatal group. There was limited evidence reported on adverse events; these were measured in five studies, two of which found no events. In the other studies, there was little or no difference between the two groups in terms of number of adverse events, however, in one study there were fewer adverse events related to the lower lung when compared to HFCWO (high-frequency chest wall oscillation). Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomisation sequence was either generated or concealed. Most studies reported on all planned outcome measures. The results for the remaining outcome measures (including our third primary outcome of mucus clearance) were not examined or reported in sufficient detail to provide any evidence.
This review found four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn’s disease. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical control group while the other studies were judged to be at low risk. The results of the studies suggest that cephalopoietic acid (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) is effective for induction of clinical remission and clinical response in participants with active CD. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73/835) and 6.2% (40/650) of participants in the control groups.
This review found that the effects of pharmacological interventions on death, hospital admissions, kidney function, and quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. The effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonist drugs, dopaminergic agents, aldosterone inhibitors, and vasopressin receptors were uncertain, as there were few studies and meta-analysis was not possible. We were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinus nodes inhibitors increases the risk of hyperkalaemia, as we were not able to provide data for this subgroup. Treatment with beta-blocker drugs may decrease the risk that a person needs to be admitted to hospital, as treatment estimates were consistent with either benefit or harm.
This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred.
We included two studies involving 54 participants. Both studies were at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups, whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the control group. In one study, muscle strength assessed by dynamometry at slow time did not differ between the two groups in this study. In the other study, the incidence of leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention, and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included studies. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias.
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosuppulations are an effective treatment for osteoporosis with beneficial effects: on function and patient global assessment; and at different timepoints. In general, few adverse events were reported in the hyaluronan/hylan trials included in these analyses. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of different viscosens and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of different products. The clinical effect for some products on some variables at some timepoints is in the moderate to large effect-size range.
This review found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants. Four RCTs (1881 participants) were included in the review. The evidence is current to May 2017. The review found no differences between the two groups for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal morbidity, admission to intensive care, or hysterectomies. Two trials attempted to test the effectiveness of hormone and hormone-like hormones, respectively, but were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. One study compared lower segment compression but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women who were unresponsive to uterotonic and/or haemostatic therapy. The role of tranexamic acids and compression methods requires further evaluation. Furthermore, future studies should focus on the best way of treating women who fail to respond to uterotonic therapies.
This review found that routine short-term treatment of PN improves nitrogen balance in preterm infants. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks of this benefit, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of treatment.
We identified 77 trials including 6287 participants that met the inclusion criteria of this review. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related neutropenia, and 14 trials were only participants without diabetes. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life. There was no evidence of difference in mortality at maximal follow up, proportion of people with serious adverse events, or the number of serious side-effects between the two trials which reported the proportion of participants with serious side effects. Thiazolidinedienes were no more effective than no treatment in reducing the risk of death in either group (74 participants). None of these trials reported on health- related quality-of-life. Due to the very low quality evidence, we are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatment for people with neutrophenia.
We found 15 studies, involving 1282 participants, which evaluated the accuracy of CSF testing of t-tau, p-Tau or p-t Tau/ABeta for the detection of Alzheimer's diseases in clinical practice. We found that CSF tests may be more accurate than specificity, but may not be as accurate as we would like. We were not able to formally assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of studies available to be included. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the primary disorders, sources of bias for the reference standard, participant selection and flow and timing domains and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). According to the assessment of index test domain, eight of 15 studies were of poor methodological quality.
We found three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical surgery. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found evidence showing no differences in pain between the two types of anaesthetics. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods.
We found 14 studies, including 5 cohort and 9 case-control studies, with 1,601,515 study subjects. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosterids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. We also found that women who received potent to very potent topical antibiotics were less likely to have low birth weight and low Apgar score. We found no differences between the two subgroups for either mild or moderate potency, and potent or very potent, of topical antibiotics. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of low birthweight in women who were given potent versus very potent antibiotics. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical antibiotics was associated with a decreased risk of foetal death, but we did not observe this effect when potent tovery potent topical medications were given during pregnancy. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) Working Group approach to rate the overall quality of the evidence.
We found four trials that were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was 611, ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. All trials compared corticosteroids with no treatment. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches in July 2014. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroid for Corneal Ulcers trial (SCUT). The other trials were generally of good methodological design, and all trials had considerable loss to follow-up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Three trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review. We did not find any reports regarding economic outcomes. The trial of the SCUT reported that time to re-epithelialization was 53% slower than in the control group after adjusting for epithelial defect size. However, the trial did not show any important difference in time to return to normal blood counts. The investigators of the trial reported that more patients in the treatment group developed intraocular pressure (i.e. increased blood pressure). One trial reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference between the two groups (data not available). Overall, there is insufficient evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of topical topical steroids compared with no topical steroids in improving visual acuity, infiltrate/scar size, or adverse events.
We included four trials with 450 participants. We found no evidence from RCTs that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic interventions with respect to functional outcome. The quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). At the end of follow-up, there was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the interventions and control groups. Data on blood loss were only available for seven participants from one trial; we considered this inadequate for statistical analyses.
This review found one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children, that examined the effects of centre-based day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review found no evidence to suggest that day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that care of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment, or household income above £200 per week, improved, or worsened, employment of parents. Some trials included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children while exploring possible mechanisms of effect.
This review found that none of the currently available histologic scoring indices have been fully validated. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing, more research is required.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 213 participants, that compared surgery with non-surgical treatments for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. The three trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at high-risk of selection, loss of participants and attrition bias. Overall, the quality of available evidence was rated as very low, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all outcomes. Although the pooled results of three different measures of function and ankle function indicated a small difference in favour of surgery, the results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperations or physiotherapy for adverse events favoured surgery, but included the possibility of a better outcome after surgery. Similarly pooled data for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured surgery. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no clinically important differences between the two groups. Further trials are warranted on other issues, but should be preceded by research to identify priority questions.
We included 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants: eight studies compared BPLD versus no treatment, and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent blood pressure was 0.81 (8 RCTs; 35,110 participants; moderate-quality evidence), for major blood pressure event 0.90 (95% CI 0.78 to 1.04; 4 RTCs; 28,630 participants; high-quality of evidence), and for cognitive impairment 0.88 (2 studies; 6671 participants). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent strokes in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors or a diureptic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006).
This review of four randomized controlled trials found that men treated with B-sitosterol are more likely to be more likely than those treated with a dummy drug to improve urine flow and reduce prostate size.
We found 26 trials that compared regular treatment with inhaled corticosteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and eight trials comparing with salbutamicol. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events in patients who were not taking inhaled steroids, compared with regular salbutamolin. There is also a clear increase in risk of mortality in patients not using inhaled steroid drugs in the two large surveillance studies. The risk in children remains uncertain due to the small number of children studied.
This review found no evidence from controlled clinical trials to suggest that postnatal hormone treatment reduces the severity of neonatal distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1828 participants. All trials had a high risk of bias in the assessment of the remaining outcomes. Random-effects meta-analysis showed a beneficial effect of non-absorbable disaccharides versus placebo/no intervention on mortality when including all RCTs with extractable data. The Trial Sequential Analysis with the relative risk reduction (RRR) reduced to 30% confirmed the findings, but not when we reduced the RRR to 22%.
This review found that bisphosphonate treatment may reduce the risk of bone damage, but the evidence was of very low certainty. It was uncertain whether any other drug classes decreased bone damage. It is uncertain whether other drugs have any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death, or kidney function outcomes. Bisphosphanate therapy may reduce bone damage and pain, however the evidence for this is of low certainty because of the small number of children and adolescents included in the studies and the low certainty of the evidence. The effects of bone treatment for children and young adolescents are very uncertain.
This review found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. We found four trials involving 317 people. The trials were at a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. There is insufficient evidence to determine which is beneficial or harmful for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal symptoms.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Ten trials were from our 2012 review, and five were from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Antibiotic therapy can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotic instead of no treatment. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinus infection, because these populations were not included in the available trials.
This review found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 2515 patients, that compared two types of lymphadenectomy with each other. Three RCTs were performed in Asia and one in Europe. Data for survival were available only from one trial and for no trial were data for overall survival data available. The review found no significant difference in survival between these two groups of patients, with no significant differences in postoperative mortality. In contrast, the quality of evidence was moderate; however, there was an increased risk of postoperative complications.
This review found that oral naloxone did not perform better than no pharmacological treatment in terms of the number of people who were re-incarcerated during the study period. However, the percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low (28%).
We found two studies that examined the effect of changing the consistency of fluids. Both studies were part of the same large multicentre trial and included 351 participants who were randomly allocated to receive one of two types of fluids or another. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids. The second study, which was a parallel designed RCT, compared the effects of a variety of fluids with a chin down head posture over a three-month period in a subgroup of 260 participants. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. In the second trial, a greater number of incidents were reported in participants receiving honey thick liquids than in those receiving a consistency of 'nectar thick' and 'chin down' fluids. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of changing fluid consistency for people with swallowing problems. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluoroscopic interventions. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the long-lasting impact of thickened fluids on the health of the person has to be considered.
The evidence is current to May 2017. We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found between natural cycle and standard fertility treatment in rates of live birth rates, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities and cycle cancellations. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was significantly lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The evidence was limited by imprecision.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. All studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), three studies used allocation concealment, six reported blinded outcome assessors and three studies adopted an intention-to-treat approach to statistical analysis. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and average age ranged from 61 to 74 years. No adverse events were reported. Compared with other interventions (i.e. breathing exercises or exercise) versus other interventions shows no superiority and no additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial outcomes. Evidence of very low to moderate quality suggests better functional capacity and pulmonary function in post-programme data.
We included 72 studies that involved 2470 participants. The studies were generally small and interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that virtual reality and interactive video gaming were not more beneficial than conventional therapies in improving arm function and activities of daily living. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy) there was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs; however, these findings were not statistically significant. Twenty-three studies reported that they monitored for adverse events; across these studies there were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild.
We identified five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. A single trial (174 participants) added fluoroquinolone to the standard first-line regimen. No trials reported on treatment failure. Three trials (involving 723 participants) provided data on mortality, sputum conversion at eight weeks, or serious adverse events. One trial (433 participants) reported no data on quality of life, but did not report on side effects. The other trials did not provide data on the number of patients who were treated with other drugs, so it is unclear if there is an effect, or if there are any side effects, such as nausea, vomiting, and diarrhoea. We found insufficient evidence to be clear whether the addition or substitution of fluorocinolones to standard treatment regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases the risk of serious side-effects.
