 This review found 38 studies involving 7843 children. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Canada, the United States and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the United
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The studies were of different types of surgery, including ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, microdiscectomy, hip joint replacement surgery, knee joint replacement surgery, anterior cruciate ligament repair, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoidectomy, abdominal surgery, radical prost
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five trials reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 <unk>g of each antigen (39 to 45 <unk>g total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay
 The evidence is current to July 2016. Four studies, involving 125 participants, were included. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union and non-union of the long bones were included, but most data related to non-union of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field
 The review included 12 randomised clinical trials involving 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients undergoing elective and emergency laparoscopic cholecystectomy, and one trial did not provide this information. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged
 This systematic review found no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted.
 This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease (uncommon.) Only one study (77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8
 We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 participants. Five trials randomlyised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial randomlyised to immediate versus delayed insertion of Copper 7 showed immediate insertion of the Copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion. Moderate quality of evidence also suggests that use and expulsion of levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system or CuT380A was more likely
 We included only one small trial published as an abstract article. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. We found a high risk for attrition bias and
 We identified three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine
 We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens. The trials were at high risk of bias. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There were no antibiotic-related
 We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. The studies were small and the number of women included in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. There
 This review of the evidence is current to July 2015. We found two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most commonly studied are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most commonly studied are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Compared with absorbable subcutaneous sutures, non-absorbable
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 11 studies with a total of 821 participants. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada
 Two small trials recruiting 23 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. Participants may have been suffering from comorbid lung disease. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate
 We searched for studies that compared exercise with control in people with cancer. We found 56 studies with 4068 participants. The majority of participants were breast cancer patients. The review found that exercise was more effective than control in reducing fatigue. The review found that exercise was more effective than control in reducing fatigue for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with haematological malignancies. The review found that exercise was more effective than control in reducing fatigue for breast and prostate cancer
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the treatment of HL with chemotherapy in adults between 16 and 65 years of age. We included all five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses. The trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) and included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy, Italy and Belgium. The trials were conducted in Belgium, Italy, Germany, Italy and Belgium.
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and included 15 studies including 1835 cancer patients. Most studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients or prostate cancer patients. Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. We found low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-educational interventions compared to care as usual. We found no evidence of any difference in the effect of psycho-educational
 We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in the review. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. The evidence is current to July 2014. The evidence is current to July 2014. The evidence is current to July 2014. The evidence is current to July 2014. The evidence is current to July 2014. The evidence is current to July 2014. The evidence is current to July 2014. The evidence is current to July 2014. The evidence is current to July
 We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The
 The review authors searched for relevant articles in the literature and found 2847 citations. There were three duplicates which left 27 articles for further review. The authors had considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice. As some papers
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 17 studies with 1006 participants. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers with placebo. We found 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants. The trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The most common comparison was azelastine versus placebo. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. The
 This review identified two studies that met the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review and a third was identified as ongoing. The studies were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). The studies were based in Indigenous communities and were based in Native American populations. The studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). The studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared blood transfusion to selective blood transfusion for women with HbSS. We found one small trial involving 72 women with HbSS. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal mortality occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. Low-
 We searched for randomised clinical trials involving 6197 participants. We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias. We found that the number of adverse events (complications) was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The number of blood transfusions was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovole
 This review found that there is evidence that a combination of retinoids and retinoids is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective and
 We found nine studies that evaluated the efficacy of five drugs within the loop diuretics class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/
 We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants). The trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Various intraperitoneal local anaesthetic agents were used but bupivacaine in the liquid form was the most common
 We identified 74 studies that compared different types of antibodies to P. falciparum malaria. Types 1 to 3 include HRP-2 (from P. falciparum) either by itself or with other antigens. Types 4 and 5 included pLDH (from P. falciparum) either by itself or with other antigens. In comparisons with microscopy, we identified 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, eight evaluation
 We searched for studies that compared the length of consultations for primary care physicians with the length of consultations for other physicians. We found five studies that met our inclusion criteria. All were conducted in the UK, and tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the absence of data on participants' characteristics and
 This systematic review identified only three small trials that evaluated virologic efficacy and safety of high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none reported from developing countries yet stavudine remains a component of ART combination therapy in many developing countries. It was not possible to perform a meta-analysis on these trails. Individual results from the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage in
 We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared recruitment manoeuvres with control ventilation in intensive care units with ARDS. The trials included 1658 participants. The trials included recruitment manoeuvres in the ICU, and the trials included recruitment manoeuvres in the ventilator. The trials included recruitment manoeuvres in the ventilator, and the trials included recruitment manoeuvres in the ventilator. The trials included recruitment manoeuvres in the ventilator
 This review included 15 studies involving 687 adults. The studies were of poor quality and the study sizes were frequently small. However, some pooled effects were analysed. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy. There was no significant difference in FEV1 for relaxation therapy in four studies of 150 patients. Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire in two studies,
 We searched for studies that compared antidepressants and benzodiazepines with placebo. We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall, which included 5365 in the arms of interest (antidepressants and benzodiazepines as monotherapy) and a few studies provided data for primary outcomes. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference between antidepressants and benzodiazepines in terms of response rate (risk ratio (
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and included 19 studies that enrolled over 1,700 patients with pancreatic carcinoma. Three studies compared plastic stents to surgery. One study compared metal stents to surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stents. One published study compared metal to plastic stents and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stents.
 We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four RCTs compared ultrasound with palpation, and one compared ultrasound with Doppler auditory assistance. We found that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications, such as haematoma formation. We also found improved success rates within two attempts
 We included one small study (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies in Canadian provinces conducted in the 1970s and 80s). The studies evaluated the implementation of an advertising ban and the lifting of such a ban. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent. The results from the two studies that evaluated the implementation of a ban showed an overall mean non-significant increase in beer consumption in the general population
 We searched for studies that compared high MCT and low MCT formulas for infants with a total of 182 infants. We found eight studies that compared high MCT and low MCT formulas for infants with a total of 182 infants. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, and Italy. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the
 We included one small trial (with data from 34 participants) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amnioinfusion. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and included three studies with a total of 1620 participants. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Germany, Italy, Spain, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, and the
 We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg/d), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/d to 70 mg/d), and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.
 We included six new studies (517 participants) in this review update, bringing the total of included studies to 10 (811 participants). The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with
 The review authors searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of multifaceted professional interventions with other interventions. The studies were of poor quality, and the methods of the studies were often poor. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. The methodological quality of the studies was often poor. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions
 We included five studies that compared different types of contraceptives. The studies included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The studies compared the following contraceptives: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 <unk>g/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG-
 We included 42 studies (13 new trials) comparing immunotherapy with other treatments for asthma. Immunotherapy reduced asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications and improved bronchial hyper-reactivity. Immunotherapy reduced asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications and improved bronchial hyper-reactivity. One trial found that the size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled steroids. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared lung-protective ventilation with a control group. We found six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of bias. The overall mortality was not significantly different if a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in the control group was used. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-term outcomes
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared isoflurane with propofol in adults with a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history of a history
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and identified four studies including 15,936 hypertensive patients. The average age was 75.4 years. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660, Odds Ratio (OR) = 0.89, 95% CI 0.74, 1.07) and there was considerable heterogeneity between the trials.
 We included 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the majority of articles due to a lack of reported data; however, the authors determined that this would be unlikely to impact negatively as most data outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCRA in non-complex lesions. In complex lesions, there were no statistically
 This review found three studies (333 participants) that compared nebulised rhDNase with placebo or no treatment. The studies included only children under 24 months of age who were hospitalised with acute bronchiolitis. The studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as a daily or twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebulised
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found two studies with a total of 181 participants. The first study was a small study with a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found no significant difference in mortality between the percutaneous technique and the cut-down femoral artery access group. We
 The review authors searched for trials that compared the effectiveness of the sponge and diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, and USA. The studies were conducted in the UK and USA. The studies were conducted in the UK and USA. The studies were conducted in the UK and USA. The studies were conducted in the UK and USA. The studies were conducted in the UK and USA. The studies were conducted in the UK and USA. The
 We searched for studies that compared memantine with placebo, d-threo-methylphenidate HCL, and donepezil. We found 16 studies that were eligible for inclusion in the review. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, a meta-analysis was not possible. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine
 The evidence is current to July 2014. Two studies were included in this review. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar and lingual nerve injuries. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another. Following treatment with laser therapy, there was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of combined oestrogen and progesterone for preventing miscarriages. We found two trials involving 281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses. The two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was
 The review included 14 studies (16 comparisons) with extractable data. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. For SSRIs this was 1.28, 95% CI 1.15 to
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found nine studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) comparing ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparator; none combined ibuprofen with a self-administered antiemetic. All studies treated attacks with single doses of medication. For ibuprofen 400 mg versus placebo, NNTs for 2-hour pain-free (26% versus 12%
 We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants) with dry eye syndrome. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and Canada. The trials were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared lamivudine with other drugs or other treatments in patients with HIV who fail first-line treatment with a WHO-recommended regimen. We found one randomised trial in 136 patients and two small observational studies (both of low quality) that did not report a difference in virological suppression whether or not lamivudine is maintained in a second-line
 We included 133 studies involving 844206 participants. We found seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations. For the prespecified index tests, we found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampati test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance, 34 for the
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and included a total of 603 studies with a total of 8014 participants. The studies varied in the definition used for acute diarrhoea and the end of the diarrhoeal illness, as well as in the risk of bias. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. No adverse events
 We included only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants). The study duration was 18 months in total. The study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term (between six and 12 months) effects of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care versus standard care alone. The study examined the short-term (up to six months) and
 We searched for studies that compared pregabalin with placebo or no treatment. We included eight studies with 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomly allocated at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparator. Studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (
 We included one trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) and six studies are awaiting further assessment. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between magnesium sulphate and a placebo in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes (risk ratio (RR) 0.51; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.05 to 5.46; 135 infants
 This review includes four studies that compared smoking cessation interventions with other types of intervention. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United
 We included 13 studies (5686 patients) that compared PAC with other diagnostic and haemodynamic monitoring tools. We found that PAC did not alter the mortality, general ICU or hospital LOS, or cost for adult patients in intensive care. The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. Efficacy studies are needed to determine if there are optimal PAC-guided management protocols, which when applied to specific patient
 This review included six randomised controlled trials (n = 478 infants) of variable quality. The evidence is current to July 2015. The review found that the use of a sweet tasting solution before the procedure reduces the pain. The review found that the use of a sweet tasting solution before the procedure reduces the pain. The review found that the use of a sweet tasting solution before the procedure reduces the pain. The review found that the use of a sweet tasting solution
 This review includes two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry. Only one small study reported data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio
 We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The included studies were of poor methodological quality. The included studies were of poor methodological quality. The included studies were of poor methodological quality. The included studies were of poor methodological quality. The included studies were of poor methodological quality. The included studies were of poor methodological quality. The included studies were of poor methodological quality. The included studies were of poor methodological quality. The included studies were of poor methodological quality
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 8 studies (580 participants) that compared thrombolytic therapy versus placebo (1 study); low versus high dose thrombolytic therapy (1); alteplase versus urokinase (1); short versus long thrombolytic dwell (1); thrombolytic therapy versus percutaneous fibrin sheath stripping (1); fibrin sheath stripping versus over-the-
 We identified 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment comparisons) published time-to-event data for overall survival. There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no significant heterogeneity. We found no
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared a hospital with a hospital inpatient unit (NICU) for the critically ill. We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared a hospital inpatient unit (NICU) with a hospital inpatient unit (ICU). The studies were of high quality and included 1896 patients. The number of deaths was not significant. The number of patients discharged from the
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 11 studies including 414 participants. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, two compared ultrasound with another non-surgical intervention, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The quality of the evidence was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two
 We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin, simvastatin, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were
 We included 11 studies that compared the effectiveness of a comprehensive tobacco control programme with the rest of the USA. The studies were of different methods and different types of intervention. The studies were of different types of intervention, and different types of intervention. The studies were of different types of intervention, and different types of intervention. The studies were of different types of intervention, and different types of intervention. The studies were of different types of intervention, and different types of intervention. The studies were of
 We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. Thirteen studies had low risk of selection bias, five studies reported adequate blinding of outcome assessment and 15 studies had low risk of attrition bias. Seventeen studies that compared yoga versus no therapy provided moderate-quality evidence showing that yoga improved health-related quality of life, reduced fatigue and reduced sleep disturbances in the short term and had no medium-term effects on health-related quality of life or fatigue.
 We included one study that compared post-operative imaging within 48 hours (early post-operative imaging) with no early post-operative imaging among 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma (GBM: World Health Organization (WHO) grade 4 glioma). Most patients in the study arms were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early post-operative
 We included three studies involving 161 people with schizophrenia. The studies were of very low quality. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence
 This review included 23 studies that compared antibiotics with placebo or infliximab. The review authors found that antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the
 We included seven studies (825 participants). The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada,
 We searched for studies up to January 2014 and found 23 studies with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The most commonly used quinine dosage was 200 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The
 We found seven trials (five parallel, two cross-over) enrolling a total of 406 individuals amongst whom 118 cross-over participants also served as their own controls. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps (n = 202) and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers (n = 322 including cross-over controls). Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial
 We included one randomised controlled trial that compared combined strength and aerobic exercise training versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was evaluator-blinded, but personnel and participants could not be blinded to the intervention, which placed the results at a high risk of bias. The study used change in walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a
 We included two small trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization in patients with cervical spondylotic radiculopathy. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. It is unclear whether the short-term risks of surgery are offset by long-term benefits. Further research is very
 We included nine studies that compared telephone consultation with normal care. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care; four by a doctor, one by a nurse and one by a clinic clerk. Three studies compared telephone consultation by different types of health care workers; two compared nurses with doctors and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found a significant increase in return
 We included 84 studies with 22872 participants. We found that MI interventions reduced the number of drinks consumed, the frequency of alcohol consumption, and the number of days/week of alcohol was consumed. We found no effects on binge drinking or other alcohol-related behaviour. We also found no effects on drink-driving or other alcohol-related risky behaviour. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. The quality of evidence was moderate or low. We found that
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 29 studies with 2210 participants. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition biases and at high risk of bias associated with blinding. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training sessions, multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. The studies were of moderate or low quality
 Three small trials, involving 226 participants, were included. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials included patients with CT-verified ICH. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. Death and disability could be calculated in the larger ICH trial without differences between the mannitol and control groups. Case
 This review found that D-penicillamine appears to have a clinically and statistically significant benefit on the disease activity of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
 We included four relevant studies. All of the studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, the fourth study compared the decoction of Huangqi compounds with two other Chinese herbal interventions. None of the studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea
 We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our inclusion criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated DHA and vitamin A versus vitamin A alone. None of the RCTs had protocols available, so selective reporting bias was unclear for all
 We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions
 We identified three studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants. The studies were conducted in three countries. The studies were conducted in three countries. The studies were conducted in three countries. The studies were conducted in three countries. The studies were conducted in three countries. The studies were conducted in three countries. The studies were conducted in three countries. The studies were conducted in three countries. The studies were conducted in three countries. The studies were conducted in three countries. The studies
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared INCS with placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to
 This review found that the use of prophylactic vancomycin in low doses reduces the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcal sepsis in the neonate. The methods of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of sepsis in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines may have failed to grow due to the low levels of van
 We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wound healing by secondary intention. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds by secondary intention. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing
 We included seven trials in this review. Five studies were published before 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. They included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel-releasing implant. Older studies
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared red-light cameras with other cameras in the field. We found 10 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were all conducted in Australia, Singapore and the USA. The studies were grouped according to the extent to which they adjusted for the effects of red-light cameras on total crashes, specific casualty collision types and violations. The evidence is less conclusive on total crashes, specific casualty collision
 The evidence is current to January 2016. Four studies involving 494 participants were included. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram for the proportion of outpatients with VTE who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five (RR 1.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05 to 1.54; moderate
 We included seven randomised controlled trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with conventional care. Two trials compared geriatric-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the interventions were designed specifically for people with dementia or cognitive impairment participating in random
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found seven studies with a total of 840 participants. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the
 We searched for studies up to January 2016 and found 40 studies that compared ICM with standard care, and ICM versus non-ICM. We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM versus standard care, and ICM versus non-ICM. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. The evidence is current to January 2016. We found data relevant to two comparison
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different methods of box training. We found 25 trials that compared different methods of box training. The trials were at high risk of bias. The trials were at high risk of bias. The trials were at high risk of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of errors). The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and included two randomised clinical trials. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients. Hydrocortisone tended to increase adverse events (pancreatitis, cholangitis with septicaemia, paranoid ideas, fluid retention) and had no cholangiographic improvement, which led to termination of the
 This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on death and disability.
 We included 57 studies which randomised 34,390 participants. The main sources of bias were from attrition and participant blinding (36% and 21% of studies respectively, high risk of bias). Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at
 We included 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomised to other active treatments in three-arm trials. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 13 small trials (1520 participants) that compared tai chi with other treatments. The studies were short-term (all studies had follow-up of one year or less), and had a high risk of bias. The studies were small and had a low number of participants. The studies were small and had a low number of participants. The studies were small and had a low risk of bias. The studies
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 27 studies. The studies were of very different types of family interventions, and the interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention. The studies were generally of moderate quality, but the results were not consistent. The studies were generally of moderate quality, but the results were not consistent. The studies were generally of moderate quality, but the results were not consistent. The studies were generally of moderate quality, but the results were not consistent. The
 This review found three studies involving 451 participants. The studies ranged from 51 to 280 participants. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional interventions in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexamethasone. The duration of the studies ranged from seven
 We included 10 studies involving high-risk children with HIV infection, cystic fibrosis or cancer. The studies ranged from seven days to three years. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies included children with HIV infection, cystic fibrosis or cancer, and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders. The studies included children with HIV infection, cystic fibrosis or cancer. The studies included children with HIV infection, cystic fibro
 We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial). There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide pneumoperitoneum on cardiopulmonary complications (two trials), or surgical morbidity (two trials). There were no serious adverse events related to either nitro
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of different doses of dexamethasone in preterm infants. We found 14 studies that compared different doses of dexamethasone in preterm infants. The studies were small and compared different doses of dexamethasone in different ways. The studies were small and compared different doses of dexamethasone in different ways. The studies were small and compared different
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared corticosteroids and other new anti-inflammatory agents to prevent heart disease. We found eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people. The trials compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulin versus aspirin,
 We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a measure of reducing trachoma found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticide spray to be effective in reducing trachoma. One study found that another fly control measure, latrine provision, reduced trac
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 15 studies (1043 CFS participants). The review found that CBT is effective in reducing fatigue symptoms at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective in reducing fatigue symptoms compared with other psychological therapies. The evidence base at follow-up was limited to a small group of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other
 We included one study with 46 people with sickle cell disease. The study included 46 people with sickle cell disease. The study was funded by the pharmaceutical company Endocrine Society. The study was conducted in the United States and included 46 people with sickle cell disease. The study was funded by the pharmaceutical company Endocrine Society. The study was conducted in the United Kingdom and included 46 people with sickle cell disease. The study was funded by the pharmaceutical company Endocrine Society.
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared two treatments: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). The children were allocated randomly to one of the two treatments. The studies were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. The children were assessed before
 We included four studies that randomised a total of 268 participants. The studies were conducted in Brazil, Brazil, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the UK, Brazil, and the United States. The studies were conducted in Brazil, Brazil, and the United States. The studies were conducted in Brazil, Brazil, and the United States. The studies were conducted in Brazil, Brazil, and the United States. The studies were conducted in Brazil, Brazil, and the United States
 We included 43 trials involving predominantly older people with mainly trochanteric fractures. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) compared the intra
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 22 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The review found that women who received surgery had significantly better survival than women who received Octreotide, after adjustment for important prognostic factors. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not reported and adverse events were incompletely documented. We found only low quality evidence comparing palliative surgery and medical management for bowel
 We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared statins with placebo or no treatment. The trials included 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women randomised) studied the effects of atorvastatin. Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (nmol/L) when used alone or in
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 1522 unique references of which we excluded 1330 on the basis of title and abstract. We retrieved the remaining 22 articles in full, but none satisfied the inclusion criteria. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques for palliative control of vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. Since the last version of this review we
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). The trials included a total of 745 patients. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy,
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and included two studies. One study conducted in Cambodia provided low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for district health systems management may improve health care access and utilization. Contracting-in increased use of antenatal care by 28% and use of public facilities by 14%. However, contracting-in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. The other study provided low quality evidence that intermittent
 We included three studies that involved 123 people. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and Australia. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, and Italy. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the
 We found 50 trials that compared cerivastatin with placebo or no treatment. The trials were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied cerivastatin effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. The studies were of any type of age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied cerivastatin effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. Cerivastatin 0.025 mg/day to 0.8 mg/
 We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different treatments for fatigue after stroke. We included 12 trials with 703 participants. The studies were small and heterogeneous, and some had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found no evidence that any of the interventions described were effective in reducing fatigue after stroke. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found no evidence that any of the interventions described were effective in reducing
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared interventions for hyperkalaemia in preterm infants. We found three trials that enrolled 74 preterm infants. The results of the studies were not clear. The studies were small and the results were uncertain. The results of the studies were not clear. The results of the studies were uncertain. The results of the studies were uncertain. The results of the studies were uncertain. The results of the studies were
 This review included 12 trials with a total of 75 children. The evidence is current to July 2015. The review found that IVIg hastens recovery as much as PE. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment but IVIg is significantly much more likely to be completed than PE. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. The review found that IVIg probably hastens recovery
 We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) with a total of 9330 participants. The trials were of very low quality, with a low risk of bias. The trials were of very low quality, with a low risk of bias. The trials were of very low quality, with a low risk of bias. The trials were of very low quality, with a low risk of bias. The trials were of very low quality, with a low risk of bias
 We included 25 trials (3663 children) that compared oral antibiotics with a control treatment. The trials were of moderate quality, with a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. We found that oral antibiotics are more likely to complete resolution of OME at various time points, but there is evidence that oral antibiotics are more likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. However, there is evidence that
 We included 12 studies, nine studies and three before and after studies. Only one study explored all-cause mortality and end-stage renal disease as endpoints. The relative risk of ESRD or death was 0.23 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.07 to 0.72) for patients assigned to a low protein diet (LPD). Pooling of the seven RCTs in patients with type 1 diabetes resulted in a non-significant reduction in the decline
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. For moderate to severe brain injury,'strong evidence' suggested that most individuals made a good recovery when appropriate information was provided, without the need for additional specific interventions. For patients with moderate to severe brain injury already in rehabilitation,'strong evidence' showed that more intensive
 We included one trial (involving 176 women) in this review. The trial included four groups with a factorial design. The factorial design took into account two factors, i.e. infant location in relation to the mother and the type of infant apparel. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control (separate care). The main outcome, duration of any breastfeeding, was reported by
 The review included eight randomised controlled trials involving 660 participants. The trials were of poor quality and included only two trials that reported the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment. One trial reported higher Barthel index scores in the sanchi group. Pooled analysis of seven trials indicated that sanchi might improve neurological deficit more than control with a significant difference (RR 0.29, 95%Cl 0.18 to
 Fourteen eligible trials were identified but only seven trials could be included. Four RCTs evaluated implant placement timing. Two RCTs compared immediate versus delayed implants in 126 patients and found no statistically significant differences. One RCT compared immediate-delayed versus delayed implants in 46 patients. After 2 years patients in the immediate-delayed group perceived the time to functional loading significantly shorter, were more satisfied and independent blinded assessor judged the level
 We found two trials that compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for per protocol analysis. There was no statistically significant difference in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognition (ADAS-Cog)) between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. The difference in mean change from baseline ADAS-Cog score in the clioquinol
 We included 36 studies with 2999 participants with pulmonary hypertension from all causes. The trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Two trials specifically included children. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. PAH participants treated with PDE5 inhibitors were more likely to improve their WHO functional class (odds ratio (OR) 8.59, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.95 to 18.72; 4 trials, 28
 We included 22 trials involving 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that multiple injections of nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injections. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety.
 We searched for studies that compared beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily with placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. We found three studies that met our inclusion criteria. All three studies used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. The studies lasted 7-12 months. The average decrease in linear growth occurred in children treated with beclomethasone compared to
 This review included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 139 patients. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United
 This review found 37 trials (9312 patients) that compared CRT with CT and EF-RT. The results showed that CRT is better than CT for most early stage HD patients. For advanced stages (III to IV), CRT seems to be optimal for most early stage HD patients. For advanced stages (III to IV), CRT better prevents progression/relapse but CT alone seems to cause less SM. RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk
 We searched for studies that compared opioids with other treatments. We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k"] = 12, n = 3040), transdermally (k = 5, n = 16
 This review includes only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The participants were mostly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with a mean age of 57.3 years in the placebo group. This trial compared o
 We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email communication to usual care. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest
 This review includes 11 studies involving 855 participants. The review included nine studies that used postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. The studies included 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients versus 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a positive to a negative Dix-Hallpike test. No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness,
 The evidence is current to July 2015. Four studies (231 participants) are included in the review. No studies were at low risk of bias. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, 109 participants), (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87 participants); (3) ESS plus topical
 We included eight trials (709 participants) that compared foods fortified with zinc with foods without added zinc. The trials lasted between one and nine months. The trials compared foods fortified with zinc versus foods without added zinc. The trials compared foods fortified with zinc in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The trials lasted between one and nine months. The trials compared foods fortified
 This review included 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic disease. The evidence is current to January 2016. The quality of evidence is hampered by risk of bias. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The
 We found eight eligible trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.67 to 0.83). Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction in breast cancer mortality with an RR of 0.75 (95% CI 0.
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found four studies with a total of 522 women. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. Three studies investigated 10,000 units hCG compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 units hCG compared to 10,000 units hCG priming. Three studies only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria
 This review found 24 trials that compared ERT and HRT to placebo or no treatment. The evidence is current to May 2010. The evidence is current to June 2013. The evidence is current to May 2013. The evidence is current to May 2013. The evidence is current to May 2013. The evidence is current to May 2013. The evidence is current to May 2013. The evidence is current to May 2013. The evidence is current to May 2013. The evidence is current to May 2013. The evidence is current to May 2013. The evidence is
 We included two studies with 880 participants. The studies lasted 12 weeks. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). Both studies used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone fur
 The review included two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapy trials, with data from four short-term trials (169 participants) available for analysis. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July
 This review included three randomised controlled trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis and involving 268 adults. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the
 We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns. We found no new trials for this update. The studies used different sedation scales, each showing a statistically significantly higher sedation level in the midazolam group compared with the placebo group. However, none of the sedation scales used have been validated in preterm infants; therefore, we could not ascertain the effectiveness of midazolam in this population. The duration of
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared antibiotics with placebo or no treatment for people with NTS. We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to
 We included 23 studies (n = 4192) assessing the accuracy of IL-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We considered all studies to
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared wound exposure or any dressing with other treatments. We included 29 trials (5718 participants) that compared wound exposure or any dressing with other treatments. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found 29 trials (5718 participants) that compared wound exposure or any dressing with other treatments. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found 29 trials (5718 participants) that compared wound exposure or any dressing with other
 We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (<unk>g) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Sixty-one women completed the selenium arm, 44 of whom completed an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). In
 We identified 11 studies: 7 evaluated different infusion durations (803 participants), and 4 evaluated different peak doses (5280 participants). Seven studies were RCTs addressing different anthracycline infusion durations; we identified long-term follow-up data for one of the studies in this update. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumours. For different anthracycline peak doses, we identified two RCTs
 We searched for studies up to January 2017. We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 randomised participants. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported data for mortality, 31 studies reported data for unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 studies reported pneumonia. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and
 The evidence is current to July 2015. Three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression, were identified. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence (level 2), based on the non-combine
 This review found three trials involving 206 participants, all patients with vascular dementia. The trials were of low methodological quality, small number of trials and probable publication bias. The trials were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada,
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of drains following axillary lymphadenectomy with no drainage. We found seven RCTs including 960 participants. The quality of the trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which therefore reduces the reliability of the evidence. The OR
 We included eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The methodological quality of the studies was measured using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). The three prospective cohort studies were of high methodological quality, and two were of medium methodological quality. The two case-control studies were of medium methodological quality. The results form the
 We included seven trials with 1369 participants. All trials had high risk of bias. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, extension of the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response according to both definitions (71/217 (32.7%) versus 52/194 (26.8%).
 This review included two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectable disease with curative intent in pancreatic cancer. The mean probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectable cancer after CT scan had unresectable disease on laparotomy). The summary estimate of sensitivity of EUS for unre
 This review includes 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared treatments for blepharitis. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and Australia. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United
 We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. This trial was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. There was
 We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the
 We included seven studies, with 766 participants: four used intracutaneous injections, two subcutaneous, and one both. All reported on low back pain in labour only. The quality of the studies was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported treatment group mean or median scores, finding greater reduction in pain for sterile water. However, failure to demonstrate a normal distribution for
 We included 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants. The overall postoperative chronic pain in the glue group was reduced by 37% (low-quality evidence) compared with the suture group. However, the results changed when we conducted subgroup analysis with regard to the type of mesh. Subgroup analysis of included studies using lightweight mesh showed the reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant (low-quality evidence). Subgroup analysis of included studies using heavyweight mesh result
 We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. The 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editing processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Providing instructions to authors
 We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Twelve studies used codeine as a single agent and three combined it with para
 This review aimed to assess the effects of educational programs on improving patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression. The review included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with sickle cell disease and depression. The majority of participants were African-American. The studies ranged from one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The quality of
 We included six studies involving 2411 participants. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five studies included participants with focal onset seizures only. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. The evidence is current to May 2015. Brivaracetam is an add-on therapy for patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. It is effective in reducing seizu
 We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, that explored mothers' perceptions of vaccination communication. Some studies focused on the MMR vaccine. Some studies focused on the MMR vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting (high confidence). Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents (moderate confidence). Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms (high confidence), presented clearly and clearly (moderate confidence) and tailored
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 10 studies with a total of 599 participants. We included them in the review. Seven had been identified in the previous versions of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly
 The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One trial was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to receive either silicone oil or perfluropropane gas tamponades. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and
 We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. The evidence is current to January 2016. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Italy, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, Japan, Korea, Japan, Korea, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, Japan, Korea, Japan, Korea, Japan, Korea, and the United States. The studies
 We included six studies (including 142 participants) that compared three-times-a-week prophylaxis with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. The studies compared three-times-a-week prophylaxis with on-demand treatment. The studies compared two different prophylaxis regimens, failing to demonstrate an advantage of one regimen over the other in terms of bleeding frequency. The fourth study evaluated hemophil
 We included 13 studies involving 1824 participants in this update. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between treatment groups. Less aggressive treatment schedules appear to
 The review included two studies involving 447 women with RhD negatives. The studies compared IM and IV administration of anti-D prophylaxis. The women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this uncommon outcome. One of the studies
 The evidence is current to January 2016. Eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes were included. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. Five included studies investigated clopidogrel compared to aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or compared clopidogrel in combination with aspirin alone. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the
 We included 10 trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, one evaluated a six-week intervention and one evaluated a three-month intervention. We found no evidence that non-invasive ventilation increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. Three trials evaluated non-invasive ventilation for overnight ventilatory support compared to oxygen or room air using nasal masks and
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found seven studies on 245 people with COPD. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the
 We included four studies, involving 1190 women. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current
 We searched for randomised clinical trials that compared vitamin D with placebo or no intervention. We found 56 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in
 The review included two randomized controlled trials with a total of 296 participants for fluoxitine, 2036 for orlistat, and 1047 for sibutramine. The results of the review suggest that fluoxitine, orlistat, and sibutramine can achieve modest weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. The safety of sibutramine is uncertain.
 We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extracting aggregate data to synthesise the results as originally planned, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those chosen for this review. No significant differences favoured VGB or CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of adding plerixafor to G-CSF in people with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. We found four trials that met our inclusion criteria. Two of these trials closed prematurely due to low recruitment and did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodg
 We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or
 We included 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients. The studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. The effects of education on TTR were uncertain compared with usual care. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with usual care. The effect of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care. The effects of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care. The effects
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found 70 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (11,487 women) comparing prostaglandin E2 with no treatment, four different formulations (gels versus tablets, or sustained release pessaries) and one trial compares PGF2a with placebo. The majority of trials were at unclear risk of bias for most domains. Overall, prostaglandin E2 probably reduces
 We included 11 randomised controlled trials, involving 247 infants. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted
 We included three studies, involving 146 participants. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate.
 We included three studies, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The prostaglandins compared with placebo, were not
 We included six studies involving 355 infants. Two studies used face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP and endotracheal CPAP. The studies were conducted in the 1970s. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found no difference in the risk of death or use of assisted ventilation in preterm infants with respiratory distress. The use of CDP as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced
 We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. The studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. The studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. The evidence is current to July 2015. We found no evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing diabetic foot ulcers than other types of dressing. However, all studies in this field are very small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as dressing cost and the wound
 We found three trials that compared surgical intervention with endoscopy in patients with chronic pancreatitis. The trials included 111 participants. The trials were small and had methodological limitations. The trials were small and had methodological limitations. The trials were small and had methodological limitations. The trials were small and had methodological limitations. The trials were small and had methodological limitations. The trials were small and had methodological limitations. The trials were small and had methodological
 This review included one randomised controlled trial that compared early versus delayed post-operative bathing or bathing for the prevention of wound complications. The trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. The patients were randomly allocated to early or delayed post-operative bathing (n = 415) or delayed post-operative bathing (n = 442). The only outcome of interest reported in
 We found one randomised controlled trial comparing prednisone with no treatment in 35 eligible participants. The trial had a high risk of bias, but the quality of evidence was limited as it came from a single small study. There was little or no difference in number of participants who achieved remission (moderate-quality evidence), or change in disability or impairment after one year (low-quality evidence). Change of grip strength or Medical Research Council (MRC) scores demonstrated
 We searched for studies that compared the use of a telephone check-up with a face-to-face check-up. We found six studies including 2100 participants. The studies were of different types and were generally recruited people with asthma taking regular medications and excluded those with COPD or severe asthma. One study compared the two types of check-up for oral steroid tapering in severe refractory asthma. The studies could not be blinded and drop
 The review authors searched for studies that compared exercise therapy with other treatments for JIA. They found 16 studies that compared exercise therapy with other treatments for JIA. The studies were all consistent about the adverse effects of exercise therapy; no short-term adverse effects of exercise therapy were found in any study. Both included and excluded studies showed that exercise does not exacerbate arthritis. The large heterogeneity in outcome measures, as seen in this review, emphasises the need
 We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients, and one with ICU patients). The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to June 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The
 We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1414 participants. The studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. All included studies reported the effect of whole grain diets on cardiovascular disease risk factors including blood lipids and blood pressure. All included studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and included 34 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Only one study was judged at low risk of bias. Eight studies were judged at high risk of selection bias because of lack of allocation concealment and over half the of the studies were at high risk of selective reporting bias. Three small studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. In 10 studies, the use of a removable type of
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and included four studies. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. Two studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were non-randomised trials. The studies were conducted in low-income countries. The studies were conducted in low-income countries. The studies were conducted in low-income countries. The studies were conducted in low-income countries. The studies were conducted in low-income countries. The
 Five studies (696 participants) met the inclusion criteria; 24 participants were treated with fenoprofen 12.5 mg, 23 with fenoprofen 25 mg, 79 with fenoprofen 50 mg, 78 with fenoprofen 100 mg, 146 with fenoprofen 200 mg, 55 with fenoprofen 300 mg, 43 with zomepirac 100
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found six trials. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857 women); two trials included women having surgery for prolapse and compared PFMT as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone (n = 118 women). PFMT
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found 14 trials (involving a total of 1,724 participants) that investigated the effectiveness of topical quinolone antibiotics for preventing CSOM. The trials were generally well reported, and the results were generally inconsistent. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current
 We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). The studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS differentiated schizophrenia from all other diagnoses with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%
 We included 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update. All interventions were adjuncts to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 participants in the 1 psychological study. Some included studies had methodological weaknesses; for example, we judged four studies to have high risk of detection bias, attrition bias, or other bias. Our primary outcomes were participant-rated global assessment, reduction in disease severity
 This review included 14 studies with 753 participants. HBOT appears to reduce the chance of bone fractures following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. HBOT appears to reduce the chance of bone fractures following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. There was no evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. The use of HBOT to selected participants and tissues may be justified. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 10 studies involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to the use of sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. The use of blunt needles will thus prevent one
 The review includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The studies were of low quality and were of low quality. The studies were of low quality and were of low quality. The studies were of low quality and were of low quality. The studies were of low quality and were of low quality. The studies were of low quality and were of low quality. The studies were of low quality and were of
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared feeding in response to feeding and satiation cues with scheduled intervals. We found nine eligible trials including 593 infants in total. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. The evidence is current to July 2015. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all random
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of folic acid and placebo in people with peripheral arterial disease. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One randomised trial with a total of 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo (mean difference (MD) 0.07,
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found two studies that compared the effects of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. The studies were conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The second study used a parallel group
 We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is
 We searched for studies that compared probiotics with antifungal drugs. We found 10 studies that compared probiotics with antifungal drugs. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of
 We included seven trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The included trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. Two trials were conducted in Germany and Italy which are high-income countries, while four trials were conducted in upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey, and the seventh trial
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found five studies that compared laser photocoagulation with currently available lasers to no treatment or deferred treatment. The studies were conducted in the USA, one study in the UK and one study in Japan. The majority of participants in four of these studies were people with proliferative diabetic retinopathy; one study recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinopathy. Four of the studies evaluated pan
 We included two trials involving 269 participants. The participants were mostly men (67%); the mean age was 65 years. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. Compared to oxygen therapy, CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation with a number needed
 We included four trials involving 388 women. The trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine, vinydan-ether, or other anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). The trials compared diazepam with ketamine, vinydan-
 We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority
 We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different treatment regimens. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as providing very low-quality evidence in relation to the primary outcome of the review, which was the percentage change in muscle strength score at six months. Pooled data from two trials of interferon beta-1a (58) identified no important difference in normalised manual muscle strength sum scores from baseline
 We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to
 We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants. The evidence is current to July 2015. We found no significant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure.
 This systematic review of randomised controlled trials of calcium channel blockers in acute traumatic head injury patients shows that considerable uncertainty remains over their effects. The effect of nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage shows a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
 We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to have a relatively high risk of bias. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (11.54%) in the immediate defibri
 This review found fifteen trials that compared different types of hormone therapy in IVF. The trials were of different lengths of duration and were of different types of hormone therapy. The studies were of different lengths of duration and were of different types of hormone therapy. The studies were of different lengths of duration and were of different types of hormone therapy. The studies were of different lengths of duration and were of different types of hormone therapy. The studies were of different lengths of duration and
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared family intervention with no intervention. We found 53 randomised controlled trials with a total of 53 studies. The evidence is current to January 2014. We found that family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations and would therefore be of interest to people with schizophrenia, clinicians and policy makers. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality
 We searched for studies that compared the use of drug-eluting balloons with uncoated balloon angioplasty. We found three studies that compared the use of drug-eluting balloons with uncoated balloon angioplasty. The studies were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. The studies examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. We found that
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of steroids in children with KD. We found seven studies that included 922 children. The studies ranged from 32 to 242 children. The studies were conducted in Asia, Asia, and China. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Australia, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The
 We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies involved comparisons of PIP with control groups only. Four studies involved comparisons with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated,
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 11 studies with 753 pregnant women. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found no evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section during regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores. However, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free
 We included twelve studies involving 2196 participants. Six intervention groups in four trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. Reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken (mean difference (MD) 11% (95% confidence interval (CI) 6% to 17%)). Two trials provided data for the proportion of self-reported adherent patients, reporting a reduction in the intervention group which was not statistically significant (odds ratio = 0.89 (95%
 We found 15 randomised clinical trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences
 We included 61 studies, including 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The prevalence of adverse renal effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to diversity of included malignancies, received treatments, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. Seven out of 52 studies, including 244 participants, reported the prevalence of chronic kidney disease, which ranged from 2.4%
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan (also known as Nicosan) and Ciklavit (also known as Ciklavit). The two phytomedicines Niprisan and Ciklavit were included in the review. Niprisan was effective in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cell disease crisis over a six-month follow
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared PET-adapted therapy with standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) in people with early-stage HL and a negative PET scan. We included three studies involving 1999 participants. The studies were reported as RCTs; blinding was not reported, but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. One study was published in abstract form only; hence, detailed assessment of the
 We included 31 trials that met the inclusion criteria. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives; others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs; the few differences from levonorgest
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 10 studies that compared exercise with no treatment. The studies were of low quality, with only three small studies reporting blinded outcome assessment, pain, physical function and quality of life were participant self reported. The studies were of low quality, with no evidence of benefit of exercise. The studies were of low quality, with no evidence of benefit of exercise. The studies were of low quality, with no evidence of benefit of exercise. The studies
 This review found nine high-quality randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 260 participants. The studies were of high quality and included a total of 260 participants. The studies were of high quality and included a total of 260 participants. The studies were of high quality and included a total of 260 participants. The studies were of high quality and included a total of 260 participants. The studies were of high quality and included a total of 260
 The review included only one trial including 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) (n = 35) or delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy (mean waiting period of 4.2 months) (n = 40). The trial had a high risk of bias. There were no deaths in the early group (0
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared long-term antibiotics with short-term antibiotics. We found 11 trials that compared long-term antibiotics with short-term antibiotics. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that long-term antibiotics probably reduce the risk of SSI (plausible effects range between a 76% to a 0.26% relative reduction in SSI with long-term antibiotic prophy
 We included one small trial, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important outcome differences between the two policies. The primary outcomes were caesarean section and neonatal survival to discharge. Two babies died after birth but before discharge in the elective (intervention) group versus none in the spontaneous (intervention). Seven women (33%) in the elective group and nine women (43%) in the spontaneous group delivered by cae
 We searched for studies up to January 2015, and found three studies in adults, 95 completed treatment, and 122 participants were randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. We found no studies in children. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. All used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared antimuscarinic drugs with placebo or other drugs. The trials were conducted in China and hospitals. The quality of the evidence was poor, with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. All results are vulnerable to considerable bias. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow.
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared inspiratory muscle training with no active control or sham training. We found six studies, comprising 195 participants with MS. Two studies investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three studies, expiratory muscle training with a threshold device; and one study, regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. Three RCTS compared expir
 This Cohrane review includes one randomised clinical trial in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomly allocated to receive betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) or no medication. The women were randomly allocated to either either a placebo (a drug that is given as a tablet) or a placebo (a drug that is given as a capsule). The women were randomly allocated to either either a placebo (a drug that is given as a
 We searched for studies that compared the different types of surgery, and found two studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in Iran and included 111 participants. The studies were based on a total of 111 participants. The studies were based on a total of 111 participants. The studies were conducted in Iran and included a total of 111 participants. The studies were conducted in Iran and included a total of 81 participants. The studies were conducted
 We searched for studies that compared iron supplements with placebo or no treatment. We included 67 studies, involving 8506 women. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the endpoint haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Women receiving iron had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (moderate quality evidence). Women receiving
 This review included five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The top-up search resulted in an additional ongoing trial, the results of which have not been incorporated in this review. There was no overall survival benefit of the irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine treatment over irinotecan alone, thus both regimens remain reasonable options in treating patients with advanced or metastatic CRC. Given the low and moderate quality of the
 This review of the evidence is current to July 2015. We found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests a transverse (a transverse) or oblique incision is less
 We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. All included studies were judged as having high risk of performance bias and high risk of detection bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute
 We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing bisphosphonate administration to control regimens. The evidence is current to January 2014. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response (low quality evidence). In absolute terms, bisphosphonate probably reduced the incidence of skeletal-related events in participants with prostate cancer metastatic to bone (moderate quality evidence). In absolute terms, bisphosphonate probably reduced the number of deaths (low quality evidence). We
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1093 patients with FL. We found five RCTs involving 1093 patients. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A
 We included 15 randomised controlled trials (1437 participants) comparing WDD with placebo or no treatment. WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments. WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments. WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments. WDD was associated with
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 12 studies with 799 participants. We found three new studies (228 participants) and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There was insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand stainless steel and superelastic NiTi arch wires. The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found one study that compared de-escalation with other techniques. The study included 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), and the Observation Scale (
 We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Participants were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or were hospitalised. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared frequency of application of topical skin care products. We
 We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants. The trials were conducted in hospitals, outpatient settings, and in outpatient settings. The types of antiviral agents in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclovir. The duration of the treatment varied between the trials. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valo
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared insulin detemir with insulin glargine for reducing the risk of developing hyperglycaemia. We found four studies lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and two parallel group trials (RCTs). The studies were conducted in Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Finland, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway
 The evidence is current to July 2015. We included two trials (n = 190) at low risk of bias. Both studies reported on first time failure at the tooth level. Pooling of the data showed a statistically significant difference in favour of molar bands. No statistically significant heterogeneity was shown between the two studies. Data on first time failure at the patient level were also available and showed statistically different difference in favour of molar bands (risk ratio 2.
 We searched for studies published between 1988 and 2012 that compared the effectiveness of EUS in diagnosing gastric cancer. We found 66 studies that compared the effectiveness of EUS in diagnosing gastric cancer. The studies were based on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. The quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of index test interpretation bias and two studies presented a high risk
 We found six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 253) for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age in the trials varied
 We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. More participants reported themselves much or very much improved with high-concentration
 We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We did a pooled analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up). On re-analysis, there were no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different surgical approaches to the same surgery. We included one study with a total of 864 participants. The participants were aged 37/60, ulcerative colitis (14/60), familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60), and other (2/60). The results between the lateral pararectal and the transrectal approach groups were inconclusive for the incidence
 We searched for studies up to August 2016. We found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates (4 RCTs, n = 306, RR 1.82 CI 1.11 to 2.99, very low quality of evidence). Clinical improvement
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 11 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were randomised to 949 participants with mostly moderate or severe pain. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blind, and one open-label. None had a placebo only control; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid or opioid combination, and one both. None compared an NSAID plus opioid with the same
 The evidence is current to July 2015. Two studies comprising 287 participants were included. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group (P <unk> 0.01, analysis of variance (ANOVA)) and additionally at day 4 (P <unk>
 We found no completed randomised trials comparing antiplatelets with antiplatelet drugs for the treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissection. There were no trials comparing either anticoagulants or antiplatelet drugs with control, thus there is no evidence to support their routine use for the treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissection. There were also no trials that directly compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs and the reported
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared silver-containing dressings with non-silver dressings. We found 26 trials (2066 patients). The evidence is current to January 2015. We found no evidence that silver-containing dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
 We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antibiotic regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin for clinical
 We included 29 studies investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. The effects of policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in
 We included 19 studies with a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Comparison 1: Any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA Four studies
 Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) of oral steroids or no treatment; one trial (28 participants) of oral or intra-articular steroids; and one trial (32 participants) of manipulation under anaesthesia and intraarticular steroid injection with or without oral steroids. Study participants were similar across trials, but no trial used the same oral steroid regimen or dosage. Trials were of
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared rTMS with sham TMS. We found three trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. The trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition further increased the risk of bias. None of the
 We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) with moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg) than prednisone alone (1.0 mg/kg). Another trial showed no difference in disease control at 6 months. No differences in disease control were seen for different dose
 We included a total of 35 randomised trials, involving 7957 participants with irritable bowel syndrome. The trials were conducted in China, India, India, and Thailand. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada
 We found 22 studies that evaluated pericoital use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis to prevent pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 women, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0.75 mg (4 studies), and hormones other than LNG (7 studies). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinu
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 15 studies that compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients
 We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies (5547 participants) compared two different statin regimens in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to meta-analyse 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Seven studies comparing statins with placebo
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of pharmacological interventions for pain in CYP with LLCs. Nine trials with 379 participants met our inclusion criteria. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were parallel
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared latrepirdine with placebo or no treatment. We found seven trials involving 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were included in analyses of safety and tolerability outcomes. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to selective outcome reporting and three to be at high risk of at
 We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on ischaemic stroke prevention and treatment respectively. We included three trials (involving 371 participants) in the analysis of the effects of RIC on ischaemic stroke prevention. In people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis, recurrent stroke was significantly reduced by RIC (risk ratio (RR) 0.32,
 We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to January 2016. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in preterm infants. However, the small number of studies, low precision, and very low-quality evidence regarding duration of hospital stay, feeding intolerance, and necrotising enterocolitis precluded any conclusions about these outcomes. No data were available about the effects
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 45 studies that compared PEMs to no intervention. One study compared paper-based PEM to the same document delivered on CD-ROM. We found that PEMs may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. We could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. We could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. The effectiveness of PEMs compared to other interventions,
 This review included 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning). The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills (e.g. communication), occasionally supplemented with provision of resources (e.g. free sexual health services). A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned
 We included twenty studies with a total of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychoeducation with cognitive behavior therapy. Participants receiving brief psychoeducation were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term (n = 448, 3 RCTs, RR 0.63 to 0.96, moderate quality evidence), medium term (n = 32
 We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent exacerbations was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk of performance and detection bias, and possible selective
 We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. The studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. The studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA and Spain. Heliox was administered as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen (a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen). The children were discharged, but information on hospitalisation, intub
 The review included eight studies with a total of four studies, one of which was in primary care and one of which was in secondary care. The studies were conducted in three different settings: primary care, secondary care and tertiary care. The studies were conducted in three different settings: primary care, secondary care and tertiary care. The studies were conducted in three different settings: primary care, secondary care and tertiary care. The studies were conducted
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and identified two randomised trials. One trial compared the outcomes of surgical urethral dilatation and optical urethrotomy in 210 adult men with urethral stricture disease. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. The second trial compared the outcomes of urethrotomy and ure
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found six studies that compared intermittent ICS with daily ICS. The studies were of high methodological quality. The studies were of high methodological quality. The studies were of high methodological quality. The studies were of high methodological quality. The studies were of high methodological quality. The studies were of high methodological quality. The studies were of high methodological quality. The studies were of high methodological quality. The studies were of
 We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with CKD stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people) including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-
 We included one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months) that compared nebulised salbutamol with mist in a tent and mist in a tent. The results showed that nebulised salbutamol was an effective intervention for young children with bronchiolitis but mist in a tent did not lead to a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom score. The study did not report on adverse effects of
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE). There was no significant benefit from statins in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found four studies involving 149 participants. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of prednisone at 0.75 mg/kg/day resulte
 We included 25 randomised controlled trials (2518 women) that compared the benefits and harms of walking and ambulant positions in the first stage of labour. The trials were of high quality, and the results were generally of low quality. The trials were of low quality, and the results were not consistent. The trials were of low quality, and the results were not consistent. The trials were of low quality, and the results were not consistent. The trials were of low quality,
 We searched for studies that compared the treatment of TOS with no treatment. We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that met our requirements. The first trial involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. The second
 We included 21 trials involving 884 people. The studies compared various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. The studies compared different types of oral medications (steroid, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. The studies compared different types of oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. The studies compared
 We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled 708 participants with CRVO-ME. The two RCTs reviewed herein provide insufficient evidence to determine the benefits of IVS for individuals with CRVO-ME. The improvement in visual acuity noted in the SCORE trial should be interpreted with caution as outcome data were missing for a large proportion of the observation group. The GENEVA investigators reported 63% in the
 We included six randomised trials involving a total of 394 children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater
 We included one small study (involving 24 women) in this review. The study was conducted in Mexico. The study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of the antihypertensives, as well as all the other four drugs. The study did not report on
 We searched for randomised clinical trials that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no intervention. We found 16 trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were conducted in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, and Spain. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found four studies involving 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively
 We searched for studies that compared short-duration and longer-duration corticosteroid treatment for adults with COPD. We found eight studies with 582 participants. The average age of study participants was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for
 We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 13 participants. The trial compared a liberal transfusion policy with a restrictive transfusion policy. The trial did not report any adverse events (e.g. bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload) or any adverse effects (e.g. heart failure). The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of educational games on patient and performance outcomes. We included two studies that compared the effects of educational games on patient and performance outcomes. The first study compared the effects of educational games on patient and performance outcomes. The second study compared the effects of educational games on patient and performance outcomes. The results of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of educational games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. There is a need for
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared lithium or antidepressants with placebo or no treatment. We found eight studies involving 475 people. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. Relapse was defined as admission to hospital and when all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a statistically significant difference in favour of lithium (re
 Two randomised controlled clinical trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to intervention versus control) were included. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Amifostine versus placebo showed no statistically significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia (130 patients, two studies), the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium-99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months
 We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. The studies were of very low quality, and the results were inconsistent. The studies were of very low quality, and the results were inconsistent. The studies were of very low quality, and the results were inconsistent. The studies were of very low quality, and the results were inconsistent. The studies were of very low quality, and the results were inconsistent. The studies were of very low quality, and the
 We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. We did not report on health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and the secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. We did find that, compared with no exercise, exercise-based rehabilitation may increase exercise capacity. Due to a lack of evidence,
 We included five studies (1130 participants) in this review. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality of life. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. We found inconclusive
 We included six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). However, there was evidence of an effect on UPDRS part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase (very low quality evidence). One study
 We included 12 studies (461) in this update. We found that LASB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS. We found no evidence that LASB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS. We found no evidence that LASB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS. We found no evidence that LASB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS. We found no evidence that LASB is effective for reducing pain
 We included 14 studies, including 2488 participants, in this update of the review. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We excluded 10 studies that were at high or unclear risk of bias in several domains from this analysis and limited all analyses to studies at lower risk of bias. Recovery rates were better in participants receiving corticosteroids alone than antivirals alone, but the result was imprecise and allowed for the
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found two studies, including 97 women, that compared LHRH agonists with placebo (a chemotherapeutic agent). The studies were conducted in the United States and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in
 We found 17 eligible randomised controlled trials that included term and near-term infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO versus standard care (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). Mercier
 This review included seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people). Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It remains unclear whether lum
 We included one new study (338 participants/catheters) in this update, which brought the total included to 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Overall,
 The review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. There were no dietary intervention studies. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (
 This review included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared foam dressings with polyurethane foam dressings. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The
 The review included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the COX-2 inhibitors rofecoxib, valdecoxib, or lumiracoxib. The two included studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference in exacerbation of IBD between
 We included 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants. The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; and two trials included people with non-infected ulcers. The remaining 13 studies did not report infection
 We included six studies that involved 5193 children. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality. The studies were of low quality.
 We included 10 studies including 33,179 participants in this review. Vitamin A supplementation has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTIs. Positive effects appear limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose of vitamin A.
 This review included 20 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of a bronchodilator plus corticosteroid (oral and inhaled) to placebo. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the
 We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared oral immunotherapy with sublingual immunotherapy. The studies involved a total of 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. All studies used different methods to provide oral immunotherapy. All studies used different methods to provide oral immunotherapy. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide oral immunotherapy. All studies reported numbers of children with serious adverse events (SAEs) and numbers of
 We included four studies involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to January 2016. We found no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. Moderate quality evidence shows that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy increases the rate of aetiologic diagnosis as compared to a standard diagnostic pathway. No conclu
 We searched for studies that compared different types of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. We found four small studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydrocoeles. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy (155 patients with 159 hydrocoeles) and surgery (120 patients with 123 hydroceles
 We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised rhDNase with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. The evidence is current to July 2015. The RCT was conducted in the United Kingdom and included a total of 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. The RCT was conducted in the United States and included a total of 40 children with airway
 We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Fifteen included studies compared the studied psychological therapy with usual care or a waiting list. Five studies compared the intervention to enhanced or structured care
 We included 63 studies in this update of the review. We included a total of 3027 participants in our included analysis. We found that regional anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. We found that regional anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after
 The review included 28 studies involving a total of 1742 participants. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Australia, and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
 We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Of these, two trials were added for this update (one parallel-group RCT with 40 participants and one cross-over RCT with 67 participants). Analyses of three cross-over trials yielded suboptimal results because they were based on between-group
 We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). We found that there were a lot of differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. We found that there were a lot of differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. We found that there were a lot of differences between studies in cancer treatment, age of participants
 We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The trials were conducted in the
 Five studies met the inclusion criteria. All of them investigated educational approaches. Two studies offered consultation in addition and two other studies offered guidance for nursing staff in addition. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Overall, methodological quality of studies was low. The studies revealed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use
 The evidence is current to July 2014. Four studies were included in the review (416 women). The studies compared glucocorticoids supplementation during IVF stimulation versus placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310) women. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events.
 We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo, standard-dose rhGH and high-dose rhGH. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference
 We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants that reported on three comparisons: complete removal from exposure and reduced exposure compared to continued exposure, and complete removal from exposure compared to reduced exposure. Removal of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agent, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs. For continued exposure, 56 per 1000 workers reported absence of symptoms at follow-up, the
 We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared on-demand deprescribing with continuous PPI use. The trials were of moderate quality. The trials were of low quality. The trials were of low cost/resource use and did not report on costs/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects. The trials were of moderate quality. The trials were of low quality. The trials were of moderate quality. The trials were of low quality. The trials
 We included 13 randomised controlled trials (975 participants) that compared social skills training to standard care or a discussion group. We found that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. When social skills training was compared to a discussion group there was no difference in the participants social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life
 This review found only one study, at low risk of all bias, that compared pegloticase with placebo or no treatment. The study included 225 participants with tophi at baseline. The study was randomised to one of three arms: pegloticase infusion every two weeks (biweekly), monthly pegloticase infusion (pegloticase infusion alternating with placebo infusion every two weeks) and placebo. The study was
 We searched for studies on the use of oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC in infants. We found three studies that met the inclusion criteria. The studies included 2095 infants. The studies did not show a significant reduction in the incidence of definite NEC, suspected NEC, need for surgery, need for surgery or death from NEC. The evidence does not support the administration of oral immunoglobulin alone for the prevention of NEC. There are
 This review found that chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the risk of developing a metastasis, could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy.
 We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income settings. We found that some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people (drug use?Drug use, or misuse, includes: using illegal substances, such as cannabis, cannabis, or other drugs) felt they would like
 We included 23 studies involving 2467 people. The studies included in this review were mainly conducted in China, India, Thailand, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The
 This review included eight randomised controlled trials involving 1109 participants. The review found that heavy sedation compared to light sedation does not confer additional benefits in terms of less severe withdrawal or increased rates of commencement on naltrexone maintenance treatment. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in monetary terms and use of scarce intensive care resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be pursued.
 We included 14 studies that compared molindone with placebo. The duration of the studies ranged from very short (10 days) studies of the intramuscular preparation, to trials lasting over three months. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to June 2015. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence
 We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. The studies involved a variety of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), and combination therapies (hydroquinone cream and glycolic acid peels), as well as less
 This review included 12 randomised controlled trials, which randomly allocated 1319 participants. The studies were a minimum of one year long. The quality of the evidence varied between studies and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low-dose postoperative 5-FU was found to be very low using GRADE. The combined surgery postoperative 5-FU subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the low-dose post
 This review found that inhaled steroids reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients. Long-term use of steroids reduced the rate of exacerbations in those studies where pooling of data was possible. There was no statistically significant effect on mortality in COPD patients. There was an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness. In the long-term
 We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) comparing 20 different NSAIDs versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to June 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence is current
 We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low levels of PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the two
 This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. The current evidence suggests that all HES products increase the risk in AKI and RRT in all patient populations and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of HES.
 We searched for studies that compared Rheum officinale with no treatment or captopril. We found nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. None of the studies reported blinding or group allocation methods. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two studies compared it with captopril. The evidence is current to July 2015. We found no evidence to support any recommendation for its use.
 We included 13 studies involving 2745 people with dementia. The studies were conducted in the general hospital setting and in the specialist memory setting. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in
 We included three studies involving 91 participants. All three studies assessed different types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. The studies included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) compared with task practice therapy only; and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension
 The review included four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. The third trial compared combination treatment with lamivudine and HBIg versus lamivudine alone after one month of combination treatment, and a fourth trial compared the combination of lamivudine and HBIg versus a combination of lami
 This review included ten studies, involving 1019 participants who were followed between three months and 10 years (1060 randomised). The studies were of low quality and had a high risk of bias. The studies were of low quality and had a high risk of bias. The studies were of low quality and had a high risk of bias. The studies were of low quality and had a high risk of bias. The studies were of low quality and had a high risk of
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 70 studies (44,958 participants) that compared social norms interventions to prevent alcohol misuse among college/university students. We found that there were no substantive meaningful benefits associated with social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. However, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of
 We included three studies with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented with a high risk of performance, detection and reporting bias. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of hip precautions, equipment or functional restrictions. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if the provision of hip precautions, equipment and
 The evidence is current to January 2016. We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared LNG-IUD with expectant management. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to
 We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The majority were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA (14/24). Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks.
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of occupational PEP with placebo. We found only one case-control study. The study was conducted in the United States, and the results were not clear. The study was conducted in the United Kingdom, and the results were not clear. The study was conducted in the United States, and the results were not clear. The study was conducted in the United Kingdom, and the results were not clear. The study was conducted in the United States, and
 This review found that behaviour therapy has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment when compared with an active control. CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. At present there are insufficient data on the quality or content of
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 15 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were of high quality, with a total of more than 260,000 people. The studies were conducted in countries with a high population density. The studies were conducted in countries with low or moderate incomes. The studies were conducted in countries with high or low incomes. The studies were conducted in countries with high or low incomes. The studies were conducted in countries with high or low income
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 18 studies that compared amitriptyline with placebo. The studies were small and had a small number of participants. The studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. The studies compared amitriptyline with placebo. The studies compared clonidine with placebo. The studies compared clonidine with placebo. The studies compared clonidine with placebo.
 We searched for studies that compared omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants with other medications in adults with ARDS. We found 10 studies with 1015 participants. All studies compared an immunonutrition enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants. We are uncertain whether omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants reduce the length of stay in the ICU and ventilator days, or whether they increase the number of adverse events such as cardiac events,
 This review found 33 studies that compared open questions with checklist-type questions or rating scales. Two included participant interviews. The review found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. There was a risk for under-detection of AEs in studies using a more general elicitation method compared to those using a comprehensive method. These AEs may be important from a
 We searched for studies up to January 2016. We included 15 studies that compared nocturnal supervision with seizure control. We found no evidence of a preventative effect for nocturnal supervision against seizure control. We found very low-quality evidence of a preventative effect for nocturnal supervision against seizure control. We found very low-quality evidence of a preventative effect for nocturnal supervision against seizure control. We
 The review included 21 studies involving 208 participants. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. Exercise
 The review included 22 studies (1060 participants) that compared psychological therapy with other types of therapy. The review found that psychological therapy based on CBT principles is effective in reducing anxiety symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared progestogen therapy with placebo or no treatment. We found 12 trials (1,856 women) that compared progestogen therapy with placebo or no treatment. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-center trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. In five trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in seven trials women had suffered two or more
 We included 14 studies with 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) compared MIB interventions versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation
 We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The quality of the evidence was moderate or unclear for several domains. The transradial approach reduced short-term adverse clinical events (NACE) (i.e. assessed during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up) (moderate quality evidence), cardiac death (moderate quality evidence), myocardial infarction (high quality evidence), bleeding (moderate quality evidence
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found two studies that compared palliative care interventions with other interventions. The studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. The studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. This and small sample sizes meant that the overall certainty of all the evidence was very low. The two studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. This
 This review found that the different methods of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found nine studies involving a total of 622 participants. The studies were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance or weight training, the other studies compared CrP alone versus placebo. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could
 We included 11 studies with a total of 886 participants. The studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. One study compared different iodine preparations with no antiseptic treatment and found no clear evidence of effects for these treatments. Two studies compared different iodine preparations with no antiseptic treatment and found no clear evidence of effects for these treatments. One study compared
 We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different techniques during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). The evidence is current to January 2015. The review authors found no evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS (born.). Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not
 We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-RCTs (1181 participants, 8037 live births); two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found six randomised controlled trials involving 1,124,483 newborns with CF. Two trials involving 1,124,483 babies with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The results of the studies were based on two studies involving 1,124,483 babies with CF. The results of the studies were based on two studies involving 1,124,483 babies with
 We found five randomized trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' or'standard' systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. Despite achieving a significantly lower BP (119.3/64.4 mmHg vs 133.5/70.5 mmHg, P
 The review included 14 studies (709 participants) that compared non-removable casts with removable pressure-relieving devices. The studies compared non-removable casts with non-removable pressure-relieving devices. The studies compared non-removable casts with non-removable pressure-relieving devices. The studies compared non-removable casts with non-removable pressure-relieving devices
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found five studies involving 235 participants. The studies were of low quality and included only women with breast cancer. The studies were of low quality and included only women with breast cancer. The studies were of low quality and included only women with breast cancer. The studies were of low quality and included only women with breast cancer. The studies were of low quality and included only women with breast cancer. The studies were of low quality and included only women with
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found six studies. We included five studies, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one study. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and piperacetazine. One study reported
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and identified five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The 102 participants were randomized to colorectal stenting and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements.
 We included nine studies (1867 women) comparing human albumin (seven studies) or HES (two studies) or mannitol (one study) versus placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS. The evidence was very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OH
 We searched for studies involving 484 patients in the literature. We found 10 studies involving 484 patients. The evidence was of low quality. The evidence did not suggest superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any one agent versus another, but there was evidence that patients were less satisfied with placebo. There was
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found seven studies (241 participants). The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom
 We searched for studies that compared antimicrobial lock solutions to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. We found 34 studies, enrolling 4216 participants, that compared antimicrobial lock solutions to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. Fifteen studies used antibiotic lock solutions, 21 used non-antibiotic lock solutions, and 4 used both (antibiotic and non-antibiotic) lock
 We included 15 studies (1098 participants) that investigated the effects of pre-emptive therapy versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at pre-emptive treatment versus antiviral prophylaxis, and one reported on oral versus intravenous pre-emptive treatment. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is current to January 2016. The evidence is
 We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of sweet potato preparations with placebo (a drug that is not a treatment) in type 2 diabetes mellitus. The trials lasted from six weeks to five months. The trials were conducted by the same trialist. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA
 We searched for studies that compared the active cycle of breathing technique with other therapies, such as autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiratory pressure. We found 19 studies, of which 19 (440 participants) met the inclusion criteria. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In
 This review found eight studies with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation with the standard insemination protocol. The evidence is current to January 2016. The studies included in this review were of low quality. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and Australia. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted
 This review found that a long IT is associated with an increased risk of air leaks and deaths. However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are clinically important; thus, infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT.
 We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The studies were of low methodological quality. TFU has been applied in many patient groups. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFU, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed
 We included 38 eligible trials. The included trials evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, retention was the number of participants remaining in the trial. Included trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings.
 We searched for studies that compared the prosthetic and non-sealing airways in patients with a variety of cancers. We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 19 studies with a total of 1453 children. The studies were conducted in eight different countries and were recruited mainly from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen studies recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five studies specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. The studies
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials, and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. The
 We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored the views and experiences of healthcare providers and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income countries and 15 low-income countries, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. We developed 52 findings in total and organised these into
 The review included 16 studies involving 3361 patients. The studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and Italy. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared myeloablative therapy with conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment. We found three studies including 739 children. The studies were conducted in different age groups and had a long-term follow-up. The studies were conducted in different subgroups, but the results were not uniform. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is current to July 2015. The evidence is
 We searched for randomised clinical trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared TACE followed by 3-DCRT with TACE alone. We found eight trials that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The
 This review found no relevant studies that compared increased versus standard energy intakes in preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD. However, two included studies provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy
 We searched for studies that compared two-dimensional ultrasound with anatomical landmark techniques for subclavian vein cannulation for central vein catheterization. We found 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures). The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or low (subclavian vein N = 4, femoral vein N = 2) for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein N
 The evidence is current to January 2016. We included 15 studies using four different methods of administration of physostigmine. Four studies, 29 people, used intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people, used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people, used a controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 people used a verum skin patch. The best dose physostigmine was associated with improvement on the
 We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited participants with history of stroke, and one trial recruited participants with a mix of people (drug use?Drug use, or misuse, including: using illegal substances, such as drugs, alcohol, and tobacco). The studies included participants with a history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited participants with history of stroke, and
 We searched for studies comparing uterotonic medications with placebo or no intervention. We included 12 studies involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants). All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence
 We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine and rimantadine with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir. The evidence is current to January 2014. The evidence is current to May 2014. Amantadine was effective in preventing influenza A in children (773 participants) and rimantadine was beneficial in abating fever on day three of treatment in children: one study
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared endometrial injury with no intervention or a sham procedure. We found nine studies that included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI (over age 35). In two studies the women were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight studies compared intentional end
 We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3905 participants. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We were unable to determine whether professional oral care resulted in a lower incidence of NHAP compared with usual oral care over an 18-month period. We were also unable to determine whether professional oral care resulted in a lower number of first episodes of pneumonia compared with usual oral care over
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found five studies (149 participants) that compared bismuth subsalicylate with placebo, budesonide versus placebo, mesalazine versus mesalazine plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate versus mesalazine. The studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus us placebo, mesal
 We included 12 randomised controlled trials that compared SMBG with usual care without monitoring, one trial compared SMBG with SMUG, one trial compared SMBG and SMUG with usual care and one trial compared less intensive SMBG and more intensive SMBG with a control group. The studies included 3259 patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin. The duration of the intervention ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 11 studies involving 471 participants with AsPD. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Only two studies reported on reconviction, and only one on aggression. Compared to the control condition, cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance was superior for outpatients with cocaine dependence in one study, but CBT plus treatment as usual was not superior for male outpatient
 This review included 11 studies that compared antibiotics for the common cold with placebo or no treatment. The studies included up to 1047 participants. Five studies included up to 791 participants. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom
 We included five randomised controlled trials (162 participants) involving 162 participants. The trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. The trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. The trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. The trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. The trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. The trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. The trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology
 We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 933 participants with MS. Vitamin D3 was not associated with any adverse effects, but it did have some effects on health-related quality of life, fatigue, and MRI lesions. Vitamin D3 did not increase the risk of serious adverse effects within a range of 26 to 52 weeks' follow-up. Vitamin D3 did not increase the risk of serious adverse effects within a range of 26 to 52 weeks' follow-up
 We included 62 studies with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design ranging from one to 15 days, with the greatest number (11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. Overall we judged the included studies to be at high risk of bias because the methods of randomisation and allocation concealment were poorly reported. The main outcomes for this review were participant-reported pain and pain relief. Fifteen studies compared oral
 The evidence is current to July 2015. Fourteen studies were included, totalling 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery
 Three randomised controlled trials, with 931 participants, tested different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of performance and detection bias. The studies were otherwise at low risk of bias. One study
 We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. The trials were conducted in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. The trials were conducted in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. The trials were conducted in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tert
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found three studies (including 1291 children) that investigated the prevention of VTE. The studies included a total of 1291 children. The studies were of low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), antithrombin (AT) supplementation (37, low-dose warfarin (31, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplementation 240, AT supplementation and
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and included three trials with a total of 287 participants operated on for Type I or II TAAA. The first trial of 98 participants had neurological deficits in the lower extremities (a narrowing of the blood vessels outside of your heart). The second trial of 33 participants used a combination of CSFD and intrathecal papaverine. It showed a statistically significant reduction in the rate of postoperative
 We included 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 662 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that NB-UVB and BB-UVB had similar effects for treating people with CPP or GP in terms of clearance rate and withdrawals due to side-effects. We found no significant differences between NB-UVB and selective BB-UVB in terms of clearance rate and withdrawals due to side-
 We found one study with a total of 1525 participants. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and Australia. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the
 This review included 39 randomised trials. The trials were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. The results of the review showed that a catheter is more likely to be removed if it is not used postoperatively than if it is not used postoperatively. The data from five trials were heterogeneous but tended to indicate a higher risk of (re)catheterisation if a catheter was not used postoperative
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 10 studies (3340 participants). Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison armone study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies compared aripiprazole as an adjunctive treatment to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared ethanol or urokinase lock treatment with systemic antibiotics alone or systemic antibiotics alone. We found two RCTs that evaluated ethanol or urokinase lock treatment with systemic antibiotics alone, and one RCT that evaluated ethanol lock treatment with systemic antibiotics alone. We found no evidence of significant difference between ethanol or urokin
 This review found that an educational video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial for acute whiplash-related pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term but not long-term follow-up. There is low quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that a whiplash pamphlet on advice focusing on activation is less beneficial for pain reduction, or no difference in improving function and global perceived improvement from generic information given out in emergency care (control)
 The review authors searched the literature up to January 2015 and found 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the study design criteria. The review authors identified 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria as the Cochrane review, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences, and which is presented in appendices to this Cochrane review. Thematic synthesis Thematic synthesis indicates that ideally communication may be
 We included one randomised clinical trial (n = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. The proportion of remitters was greater in the drug group than in the placebo group. Quality of life scores also improved more in the drug group than in
 This review included 15 randomised controlled trials involving 1022 adults with distal radial fractures. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, Italy, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands. The trials were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the Netherlands. The trials were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands. The
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found five studies (1127 patients). The studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Italy, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Spain
 We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with fillings. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with fillings. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 28 studies involving 788 children and adults. The studies compared PEP with ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. The studies compared PEP with ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO
 The evidence is current to July 2015. Four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe CD were included in the meta-analyses. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. Moderate certainty evidence suggests that CZP is
 We searched for studies that compared beta-blockers with placebo or no treatment for heart failure. We found one hundred and twelve studies that met our selection criteria: 15 were studies of adults with CKD; 16 studies were conducted in the general population but provided subgroup data for people with CKD; and 81 studies included individuals with CKD, however, data for this subgroup were not provided. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was frequently high or unclear
 This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The evidence is current to July 2015. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring for any of the maternal or neona
 We included two studies involving 54 participants with CVI. The studies were conducted in the United States and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and identified a total of 67 randomised controlled trials with a median quality score of 3 (range 1 to 5) with a median duration of eighteen months. The trials included a total of 40 trials with a median duration of 18 months. The trials included a total of ten trials with a median duration of 18 months. The trials included a total of ten trials with a median
 We included 10 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants. Four RCTs (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics. Adjunctive use of misoprostol (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) with simultaneous administration of additional uterotonics did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality (risk
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared routine short-term cysteine chloride supplementation of cysteine-containing PN with routine N-acetylcysteine supplementation. We found six trials that met our inclusion criteria. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. Five small trials evaluated short-term cysteine supplementation of cysteine-containing PN. One large multicenter RCT evaluated short
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared active treatment versus no intervention in people with steatohepatitis. We included 77 trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Only one trial was at low risk of bias in all domains. All other trials were at high risk of bias in one or more domains. Overall, all the evidence was very
 We included 15 studies with 1172 participants with MCI at baseline. The studies included a total of 1282 participants with MCI at baseline. The studies included 430 participants with MCI at baseline; 430 participants converted to Alzheimers disease dementia and 130 participants to other forms of dementia. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. The accuracy of the C
 We included three studies involving 170 participants. The studies were small, single-centre, two-arm studies. The studies were small, single-centre, providing unclear descriptions of methods. The studies were small, single-centre, providing unclear descriptions of methods. The studies were of low to very low quality. The evidence is current to July 2015. We found no evidence that propofol reduces postoperative pain after surgery compared with inhalational ana
 We included 14 studies, with 1,601,515 women. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. These outcomes included: mode of delivery, congenital abnormalities, orofacial clefts, preterm delivery, foetal death, and low Apgar score. For low birth weight, although the meta-analysis based on study-level data
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared topical corticosteroids with no topical corticosteroids in people with bacterial keratitis. We found four trials that met the inclusion criteria of this review. The total number of participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches
 We included four randomised controlled trials with 450 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic treatment for ischaemic stroke. The quality of evidence was low. We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic treatment for ischaemic stroke. We found no evidence from randomised
 We included one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. The trial did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The evidence is current to May 2015. The trial did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The evidence is current to May 2015. The trial did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The evidence is current to May 2015. The trial did not
 The review authors identified 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. Intra-rater reliability was assessed for eight scoring indices. Inter-rater reliability was evaluated for all 11 of the scoring indices. Three of the indices underwent content validation. Two of the included scoring indices assessed criterion validity. Six of the included scoring indices
 We included three randomised trials that evaluated the use of nailing versus plating in 213 adults with distal tibial metaphyseal fractures. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The three included trials were at high risk of performance bias, with one trial also being at high risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. Overall, the quality
 We included 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The evidence is current to May 2015. We found that BPLDs reduced the risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or
 The evidence is current to January 2016. We found four randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) that compared B-sitosterols with placebo or no treatment. The studies used a preparation that contained 100% B-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside. The studies used a preparation that contained 100% B-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside. The studies used
 We searched for studies comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight studies comparing salbutamol with placebo. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. There was no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events when regular salmeterol was compared with placebo. One extra serious adverse event occurred over 28 weeks for every 188
 The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found two studies involving 80 preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The studies were conducted in the United States and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United States and Canada. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United States
 We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants. The evidence is current to January 2014. We found that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with
 We searched for studies up to January 2019 and found 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) that compared bisphosphonate therapy with placebo (a drug that is not a drug) or other treatments. The studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss. The studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss. Bisphosphonate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared magnesium with placebo or no magnesium. We found four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant
 We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. The trials were of high quality, with a high risk of bias. The trials were of low to moderate quality. The trials were of low to moderate quality. The trials were of low to moderate quality. The trials were of low to moderate quality. The trials were of low to moderate quality. The trials were of low to moderate quality. The trials were of low to moderate quality. The trials were of low to moderate quality. The trials
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared D2 lymphadenectomy with D1 lymphadenectomy in patients with resectable carcinoma of the stomach. We found eight RCTs (enrolling 2515 patients) that compared D2 lymphadenectomy with D1 lymphadenectomy. The evidence is current to January 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to June 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015.
 This review includes 13 studies, 1158 participants, that compared oral naltrexone with placebo or no pharmacological treatment. The only outcome statistically significant in favour of naltrexone is re-incarceration, but results come only from two studies. The only outcome statistically significant in favour of naltrexone was retention and abstinence, but results come only from two studies. The only outcome statistically significant in
 We included two studies that examined the effects of modifying the consistency of fluids for swallowing difficulties in dementia. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia
 The evidence is current to July 2015. Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women were included. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found between natural cycle and standard IVF in live birth rates (moderate quality evidence). The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using standard IVF, the chance using natural cycle IVF would range from 34%
 We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year. The studies were of different types and were of different types of training. The studies were of different types of training, and the participants were all aged between 61 and 74 years. The studies were of different types of training, and the participants were all aged between 61 and 74 years. The studies were of different types of training
 We included 72 studies that involved 2470 participants. The studies were generally small and the interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there
 We identified five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Fluoroquinolones added to standard regimens A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line regimen. Relapse and treatment failure were not reported. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial
