A total of 38 studies involving 7843 children were included. Asthma education aimed at children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department presentation and hospital admission. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants in this review. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. Risk of bias was generally low or uncertain, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. Perioperative intravenous ketamine reduced postoperative opioid consumption over 24 hours by 8 mg morphine equivalents (95% CI 6 to 9; 19% from 42 mg consumed by participants given placebo, moderate-quality evidence; 65 studies, 4004 participants). Over 48 hours, opioid consumption was 13 mg lower with ketamine compared to 67 mg with placebo. We rated the quality of the evidence using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, or low. Very low quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High quality evidence indicates that the results are likely to be close to the truth.
We found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants; all five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but the parasite density was reduced in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype (the variant included in the vaccine) were reduced while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not (720 participants).
Four studies, involving 125 participants, were included in this review. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union and non-union of the long bones were included, but most data related to the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (risk ratio 1.96; 95% confidence interval 0.86 to 4.48; 4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). A analysis conducted to determine the effect of multiple follow-up time-points on the heterogeneity amongst the studies showed that the effect size remained non-significant at 24 weeks, with similar heterogeneity. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. The available evidence is inconclusive and insufficient to inform current practice. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
We included 12 trials with a total of 1831 participants in this review. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy for elective surgery and one trial included patients having elective and emergency surgery. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the proportion of patients who developed serious adverse events in the seven trials with 1143 participants reporting this outcome, or in the number of serious side effects in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants. There was a significant difference in the quality of life between the two groups (one trial; 93 participants). The percentage of patients discharged as day-procedure gallbladder removal surgery was similar in the drain and no drain groups. One trial did not provide any information on the length of hospital stay. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of drains for the treatment of patients undergoing planned or emergency laparoscopies. The quality of the included trials was moderate. Only two trials including 199 participants were of low risk of bias.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. The positive results described from the 49 studies of low quality are of questionable significance. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy should be made with caution. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials. Eighteen trials found no adverse events, and two trials reported adverse events: adverse events occurred in the control group in one trial, and in the other it was unclear in which group the side effects occurred. 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored adverse events. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting.
Five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients were included in this review. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study (77 patients) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, reduced biochemical progression favoured the IAS group (RR 0.10, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.67, P = 0.02). Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%).
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias involving 7,119 participants which described random assignment. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One of them randomised women to the Copper 7 showed that insertion of an IUD immediately after abortion was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion; the quality of evidence was moderate. Another trial showed that use and expulsion of the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system or CuT380A was more likely for immediate insertion compared to delayed insertion. Seven trials examined immediate insertion only. From meta-analysis of two multicentre trials, pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lippes Loop as was expulsion. In other work, adding copper sleeves improved efficacy and reduced expulsion. The quality of the evidence for expulsion was moderate for the copper sleeves. The evidence for pregnancy was also moderate. Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion after abortion is safe and practical.
We included only one small trial published as an abstract article. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group in comparison to the usual care control group, whose levels of depression remained constant (low quality of evidence). Overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events remained unclear, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. We judged the overall quality of the evidence for all predefined outcomes as'very low', due to the extent of missing data on the participants, and the small sample size.
We identified three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for a meta-analysis. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest that PEP given within three-day to children following household contact with a case reduces infection rates.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens. There was no sufficient clinical similarity between the trials to perform a meta-analysis. In the single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with placebo, the proportion of people who developed SSIs was significantly lower in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotics regimens in four trials (three trials that reported mortality and one other trial). None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developing SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1.0%) people developed SSI due to MRSA. There does not appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high prevalence of MRSA carrier status in the people undergoing surgery.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Overall, the number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria and in both studies relatively few of the women presenting with symptoms were eligible for inclusion. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20.05).  There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. There was some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. However, results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome (I² = 35%). Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included two relatively small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences between group. Future large and adequately powered randomised controlled trials are required to measure differences in outcomes between groups. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. These two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarean section. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased risk of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 821 participants, two trials awaiting classification and one ongoing trial. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. No studies reported cardiovascular events. When both tea types were analysed together they showed favourable effects on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and systolic blood pressure over six months, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. Green tea was also found to produce statistically significant reductions in total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and blood pressure, but results were not stable to a stable analysis.
Two small trials recruiting 23 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We included 56 studies with a total of 4068 participants in this review. The majority of these studies were carried out in people with breast cancer (28 studies), with the majority carried out during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 participants who did not. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be statistically more effective than the control intervention (standardised mean difference (SMD) -0.27). Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for interventions delivered during or after cancer therapy, specifically those with solid tumours. In relation to diagnosis, we identified benefits of exercise for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with haematological malignancies. Finally, aerobic exercise significantly reduced fatigue but resistance training and alternative forms of exercise failed to reach significance. The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of an exercise interventions.
We included all five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses: the HD9 and HD14 trials were co-ordinated in Germany, the HD2000 and GSM-HD trials were performed in Italy and the EORTC 20012 was conducted in Belgium. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The overall risk of performance and detection bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as therapy blinding was not feasible. All trials reported results for OS and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to the our first published review (2011), the addition of results from the European Oral Oncological Trial (EORTC) 20012 BEACOPP combination increased OS (3142 participants; HR 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.57 to 0.97; high-quality evidence). This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the BEACopP combination arm compared to 120 (120 to 120) in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS (three to five years), meaning that only 144 patients will experience a progress, relapse or death, compared to 250 (121 to 168) patients. There is no evidence for a difference for treatment-related mortality. Although the occurrence of MDS or AML may increase with BEACP combination compared to ABVD (3332 participants; RR 3.90 (95-CI 1.36 to 11.21); this evidence is based on a small number of trials. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to high.
We included 15 studies including 1835 cancer patients in this review. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven studies) or cancer patients with prostate cancer (two studies). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. Seven studies assessed the effects of a medical intervention on quality of life. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical medical intervention. We found low quality evidence that less radical, working conserving approaches had similar RTW rates as more radical treatments and moderate quality evidence of no differences in quality of lives. Five studies assessed multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that interventions involving physical, psycho-education and/ or vocational components led to higher rates of RTW than care as usual. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to high quality. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias and nine to be of low quality.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention their funding source. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. Although not statistically significant using a strict P < 0.05 criterion, data were consistent with women allocated to admission CTG having, on average, a higher probability of an increase in incidence of caesarean section than women allocated intermittent auscultation in instrumental vaginal birth. There was no clear difference in the average treatment effect across included trials between the groups. There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcome measures including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (incidence only reported) and incidence of seizures in the neonatal period (very low quality evidence) and there were no data reported for severe neurodevelopmental disability (a delay in development based on that delayed). Women allocated to continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labour had higher rates of continuous fetal monitoring and fetal blood sampling (low quality evidence), but there was no difference between groups for other secondary outcomes. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One of these found a difference, suggesting that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of the studies reported on the health of offspring. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. Properly designed and executed randomised trials are necessary. An optimal embryo culture medium is important for embryonic development and subsequently the success of IVF or ICSI treatment.
The search strategies identified 2847 citations overall. A total of 30 citations appeared relevant however there were three duplicates which left 27 articles for further review. Of these, none met the inclusion criteria. Data extraction and assessment of methodological quality was therefore not possible. The review question remains unanswered as there were no randomised trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 randomised participants in this review. The evidence suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first three months after the intervention. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The following antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers were evaluated in at least one randomised controlled trial: Nedocromil sodium, sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine (or levocabastine), mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, and pemirolast potassium. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. We observed a large variability in reporting outcomes. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamine and mastcell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of these treatments. It seems that all reported trials showed that topical Antihistamines or Mast Cell Stabilisers reduce the severity and duration of the symptoms of seasonal allergy. There is a need for further research in this area.
Two studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review and a third is still ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 subjects in total). No difference was observed in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study assessing this outcome. For smokeless tobacco use, no difference was found between the skills-community arm and the control group at 42 weeks. Whilst the second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test (p < 0.05), this was not maintained at six month follow up (change score -0.11 for intervention and 0.07 for control). Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. Methodologically rigorous trials are needed to investigate interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth and to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco-related health disparities in Indigenous and non-Indigenous populations.
We included one trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The included trial reported no maternal mortality occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. Very low-quality evidence indicated no clear differences in maternal mortality, perinatal mortality or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), congestive cardiac failure, acute chest syndrome, and no differences in the occurrence of acute splenic sequestration, haemolytic crises or delayed blood transfusions) between the treatment groups. Low- quality evidence indicated that proprovylactic blood transfused women were less likely to experience pain crisis compared with women who did not receive selective transfusion, but the results were generally imprecise. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes.
We identified 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. All the trials were at high risk of bias. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference from more than one trial under the pair-wise comparison was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method (rate ratio 1.85, 95% CrI 1.07 to 3.26; 250 participants; 3 studies; very low-quality evidence). Among the secondary outcomes, we found the following: blood transfusion (proportion) was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low peripheral blood pressure group; blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time were lower with low central pressure than with control. For the other comparisons, the evidence for difference was either based on single small trials or there were no differences. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. Paucity of data meant that the evidence was of very low quality.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included in this review. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids, oral PUVA, low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective and neither was topical PUVA. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine trials that evaluated the dose-related blood pressure-lowering efficacy of five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for an average duration of 8.8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -1.8). We found no clinically meaningful differences between different drugs in lowering blood pressure. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with loop diurestics. Based on the limited number of published RCTs, we graded the quality of evidence for the blood pressure lowering effect of the drugs as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. All the trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There were considerable differences in the methods of local anaesthesia instillation including the location (subdiaphragmatic, upper abdominal abscess, gallbladder bed, or both locations) and timing (before or after the removal of gallbladders) between the trials. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported mortality. One participant experienced the outcome of serious complications. Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The effect on the proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) versus 40/82 (48.2%) in the control group). There were no serious adverse events in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthetics. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We included 74 studies in this review. We divided the studies according to the antigens they detected. Types 1 to 3 include HRP-2 (fromP. falciparum) and pLDH, and types 4 and 5 included human leishmaniasis. We found 71 studies of Type 1 tests, eight of Type 2 tests, five of Type 3 tests and 17 of Type 4 tests. We also found three studies of tests that used microscopy and three studies that used antibody-based RDTs. The studies were conducted in Africa, Asia, Latin America, Europe, Asia and North America. All studies were funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the World Health Organization (WHO) or the National Center for Research Resources Development (NCHD), the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR), the European Commission (ECHR) and the European Society for Medical Microscopy and Immunology (ESMI). We found no studies that compared microscopy with antibodies-based tests. For types 1, 2, 3 and 4 tests, the average sensitivity and specificity were 95.0% (93.5% to 96.2%) and 95.2%, respectively. For Type 2 and 3 tests, average sensitivity (95% CI) and specificity (96.3% to 98.3%) were 94.8% and 95% CI, respectively, for Type 1 and Type 2 test, respectively. The average sensitivity for Type 4 test was 91.5%, and the average specificity was 98.7%. For Type 5 test, the meta-analytical average sensitivity was 95.7%, and for Type 3 test, 96.0%, respectively, with an average specificity of 99.5%. For types 4, 5 and 6 tests, we found an average sensitivity of 95.8%, 95.9%, 96.3%, 97% and 99.7% respectively, and a specificity of 96.9% and 97.2% respectively. We did not find any studies comparing microscopy to antibodies.
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. All five studies were conducted in the UK, and were of very low quality. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length of consultation on resources used. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
This review aimed to compare the virologic efficacy and safety of high dose versus low dose stavudine. Three trials met the inclusion criteria (Milinkovic 2007, McComsey 2008 and Sanchez-Conde 2005). All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none reported from developing countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. The studies were at a high risk of selection, performance/detection and selective outcome reporting biases. There was no significant difference between the high dose and low dose groups in terms of the number of people who stopped treatment due to side effects. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride levels in two studies and body mass index in one study. In light of variation in the design and follow-up of the study results, no meta-analysis was performed and the results of single studies are presented. Individual results from the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage in virologicity or safety between low and high dose of stavUDine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained viral suppression at baseline and so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where high dose is currently used in ART naive patients with high viral loads.
We included 10 trials with 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration (Titration) and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in mortality in the intensive care unit (ICU) without increasing the risk of barotrauma but had no effect on 28-day and hospital mortality. Data revealed no differences in risk of mortality at 28 days or in hospital. We rated the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure, and this might have influenced results of the outcome. Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included a "five-stage" ventilation strategy, whereby the intervention group differed from the control group in aspects that were not directly related to the recruitment manoeuvre, making interpretation of the results difficult. We found five trials to be at low risk of bias.
Fifteen studies, involving 687 participants, were included in the review. Study quality was poor and sample sizes were frequently small. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report significant differences between treatment and control. There was no significant difference in FEV1 (the volume exhaled during the first second of a forced expiratory maneuver started from the level of total lung capacity) for relaxation therapy in four studies of 150 patients. Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire in two studies, (48 patients), showed a positive effect following CBT. Peak Expiratory Flow (PEFL), a measure of peak inspiratory flow, indicated a significant difference following relaxation therapy. FEFL is an indicator of airway function and is measured by a machine. The peak FEFL was 43 L/min. The remainder of the findings between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in trial design. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to an absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma.
We included 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall (of which 5365 in the arms of interest (antidepressant and benzodiazepine as monotherapy)) in this review; however, since studies addressed many different comparisons, only a few trials provided data for primary outcomes. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference between antidepressant and benzidiazepine in terms of response rate (risk ratio (RR) 0.99, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.47; studies = 2). Very low- quality evidence suggested a benefit for Benzodiazepines compared to antidepressants, even if confidence interval (CI) ranges from almost no difference to benefit with antidepressants. The number of dropouts due to any cause was not clearly different between the two groups. Information on adverse effects was very limited. We failed to find clinically significant differences between individual benzodiazines. The studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. In general, based on the results of the current review, the identified studies are not sufficient to comprehensively address the objectives of the present review.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. There was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality by meta-analysis. One published study compared metal to surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stents. When different types of plastic were compared to polyethylene stents, only perflouro alkoxy plastic had superior outcomes in one trial. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four trials compared ultrasound with palpation, and one trial compared ultrasound guidance with Doppler auditory assistance. We found moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications, such as haematoma formation. We also found improved success rates within two attempts with ultrasound guidance compared with other types of guidance. Only two studies reported on complications. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the included studies; this adds a performance bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three inter-provincial studies (general population studies conducted in Canadian provinces in the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to films with a high alcohol content. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent. Two of the ITS studies evaluated the implementation of an advertising ban and one study evaluated the lifting of such a ban. Each study evaluated a different type of ban (partial or full) compared with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions during the control period. Outcomes were assessed immediately after the end of the intervention (lasting 1.5 hours), so no follow-up data were available. A meta-analysis of the two studies that evaluated a ban showed an overall mean non-significant increase in beer consumption in the general population of 1.10% following the ban. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In the study evaluating a partial ban on spirits advertising only, which utilised an Abrupt Auto-regressive Integrated Moving Average model, the volume of all forms of alcohol sales decreased by 11.11 kilolitres (95% CI -27.56, 5.34; p value = 0.19) per month after the ban was lifted. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month by 14.89 kilograms and 1.15 kilograms, respectively, and spirits sales decreased statistically significantly by 22.49 kilograms. Using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to a serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population and serious level of imprecision.
Eight randomized trials studying a total of 182 infants were included in this review. There was no evidence of difference in short-term growth parameters when high and low MCT formulas were compared. The meta-analysis of weight gain based on five studies yielded a weight gain of -0.35 g/kg/d (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.44, 0.74). Similarly, weight gain in g/d based on two studies showed a difference (WMD 2.09 grams/d). Length gain, based on data from five studies, showed a non-significant WMD of 0.14 cm/wk. Head circumference gain and skin fold thickness gain were not statistically significant. Subgroup analyses according to % MCT in the high MCT formula, by 10% intervals, did not show any evidence of effect on short term weight gain within any subgroup. There are conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance as well. No studies were located addressing long term growth parameters or neurodevelopmental outcomes. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important long-term outcomes. Additional research should aim to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on growth and development outcomes and include larger study populations to better evaluate effect on NEC incidence.
We found one small trial (with data from 34 participants) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotic drugs (ampicillin or gentamycin) or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and a broad-spectrum antibiotic. We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniolinfusion. Transcervical fluids were given with room temperature saline for 60 minutes, then 3 mL per minute until delivery until the baby was delivered, compared to no fluids. We could not combine the data from the trial because there were too few women and the trial was not large enough to detect a difference in the number of babies born by caesarean section.
Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. There was clinical and methodological heterogeneity between the studies which precluded a pooled meta-analysis of the results. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection. There are currently few studies assessing the diagnostic test accuracy of the Mini-Cog in community settings. The limited number of studies and the methodological limitations that are present in the current studies make it difficult to provide recommendations for or against the use of this test as a cognitive screening test.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts. These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Sixteen studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources. Ten studies were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamine has powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Severity of ADHD symptoms: we found low- to very low-quality evidence suggesting that amphetamine reduced the severity of ADHD symptom scores as rated by clinicians (SMD −0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) −1.04 to -0.75; 13 studies, 2028 participants) and patients (SMDs −0 to 0.51; six studies, 120 participants). Retention: overall, we found little or no difference between amphetamine and placebo in terms of the proportion of participants who dropped out of the studies before the end of the study.
We included six new studies (517 participants) in this review update, bringing the total of included studies to 10 (811 participants). The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful condition that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo (dummy treatment). Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence). Based on this evidence, we conclude that a large beneficial effect for vitamin D in chronic pain is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific types of chronic pain needs further investigation.
Forty-one studies were included involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. The methodological quality of the studies was often poor. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine they were targeted by the organisation of care, and in 20 studies they targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. A combination of professional interventions improved process outcomes. Arrangements for follow-up (organisational intervention) also showed a favourable effect. Multiple interventions in which patient education or the role of the nurse was enhanced also reported favourable effects on patients' health outcomes. Multifaceted professional interventions can enhance the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. Organisational interventions that improve regular recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management. Nurses can play an important role in patient-oriented interventions, through patient education and facilitating adherence to treatment.
We found five trials that included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The trials compared the following contraceptives: combined oral contraceptive versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20) versus LNG- IUS 12 µg or 16 µg per day, and the copper-tipped IUD versus the IUD. In the trials comparing two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group assigned to the LNG, which may have little clinic relevance. We considered the overall quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting. The current evidence was insufficient to compare efficacy and continuation rates for hormonal and intra-uterine contraceptive methods in women aged 25 years and younger.
This review looked at allergen immunotherapy for house mite allergy; 27 pollen allergy (allergic rhinitis caused by pollen), 10 animal dander allergy trials, two Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex and six trials looking at multiple allergy types. The review found that immunotherapy significantly reduced the severity of asthma symptoms and the need for additional asthma medication in these patients. There was a significant improvement in asthma symptom scores, and it would have been necessary to treat three patients (95% CI 3 to 5) with immunotherapy to avoid one deterioration in asthma symptoms. The quality of the evidence was assessed as clearly adequate in only 16 of the trials.
We did not find any new studies which were eligible for inclusion in this update. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias and one trial had an unclear risk. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 0.88); hospital mortality was reduced by 0.80 with a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in the control group. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-term outcomes. Clinical heterogeneity, such as different lengths of follow up and higher plateau pressure in control arms in two trials, makes the interpretation of the combined results difficult. Ventilation with lower tidal volumes is becoming a routine strategy of treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury, stopping investigators from carrying out additional trials.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared sevoflurane with propofol or isoflurea. We included 15 trials with 1833 participants. None of the trials were of high methodological quality. Pooled results from two trials suggest that time to emergence from anaesthesia, that is, the time needed to follow verbal commands, was longer with isofrurane (mean difference (MD) -3.29 minutes, 95% confidence interval (CI) -5.41 to -1.18, low-quality evidence), and time to recovery period was not different with sev ofluranes compared with prop ofol (MD 0.28 minutes slower, 95%; 95% CI -0.56 to 1.12, four studies). Pooled analyses for adverse events suggest lower risk of nausea and vomiting (low quality evidence), but no differences in the risk of shivering or pain. Pooling analyses for brain relaxation suggest less risk of tense brain (low- quality evidence) and greater risk of haemodynamic changes (higher risk of blood clotting problems) when propofols are compared with sevsoflures, but no difference in the number of people who shivered or experienced pain. We found no evidence of a difference between the two drugs in terms of the time taken for people to come out of anaesthesia. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low.
Four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients were identified. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660, Odds Ratio (OR) = 0.89, 95% CI 0.74, 1.07). The combined results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment.  Three trials reported adverse effects requiring discontinuation of treatment and the combined results indicated no difference. When analysed separately, however, more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies.  Analysis of the included studies in this review was problematic as many of the control subjects received antihypertensive treatment because their blood pressures exceeded pre-set values. This introduced bias. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the majority of articles due to a lack of reported data; however, the authors determined that this would be unlikely to impact negatively as most data outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCRA in non-complex lesions. In complex lesions, there were no statistically significant differences in re-stenosis rates at six months (RR 1.05; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.83 to 1.33) and at one year. PTCRA/PTCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death during the in-hospital period) compared to angioplasty alone. Morphological characteristics distinguishing complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised controlled trials.
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 333 participants were identified, two of which were multicentre trials comprising only participants positive for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled participants clinically diagnosed with bronchiolitis from a hospital in Italy. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as a daily or a twice daily dose. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or intensive care unit (ICU) admission. In one RCT, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis. Two of these patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after nebulisation. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness and bad taste, reported in a total of 11 participants from both treatment groups. The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use of inhaled rhDNAs.
We included two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. This review shows moderate-quality evidence of no difference between the percutaneous approach compared with cut-down femoral artery access for short-term mortality, aneurysm exclusion, major complications, wound infection, bleeding complications and haematoma. Only one study reported long-term complication rates at six months, with no differences found between groups. We detected differences in surgery time between the two approaches, with the percutting approach being significantly faster. Only the ITU (intensive treatment unit) and hospital stay were not reported in this study. No wound infections occurred in either group.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of spermicides in preventing pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections. We found two randomized controlled trials that compared the use of the sponge with the diaphragm. The trials were conducted in the USA and the UK. The results of the trials showed that the sponge was less effective in preventing overall pregnancy. The discontinuation rates at 12 months were higher with the sponge. Discontinuation rates were higher at one year as well. Allergic-type reactions were more common in the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. More research is needed.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevent and three studies investigated amelioration. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, a meta-analysis was not possible. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevent prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine, d-threo-methylphenidate, and modafinil compared with placebo. In the first study the primary cognitive outcome of memory at six months did not reach significance, but there was significant improvement in overall cognitive function compared to placebo, with similar adverse events across groups. The second study found no statistically significant difference between arms, with few adverse events. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program for preventing cognitive deficits, but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. We found three studies that investigated the use of a medication for the prevention prevent cognitive deficits: methylphenidate compared with a placebo, two different doses of a stimulant, and donepezil versus placebo. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both groups, but the second study did not find a significant difference in memory, and the third study found little or no difference in adverse events between the two groups. Two of the three studies found no significant differences in adverse effects between the treatment groups. Three of the six included studies did not show any significant differences between the intervention groups in terms of adverse events, so no conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness of any of the interventions in preventing cognitive impairment in people with HCL.
We included two studies with a total of 26 participants in this review. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the estimates were imprecise. The overall quality of the evidence was very low for this outcome. No studies reported on the effects of the intervention on pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste, quality of life or adverse events. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of inferior and lingual nerve injuries. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (involving 281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. One of these trials was based on 161 pregnancies and involved women with a history of diabetes. This study showed no statistically significant difference between using combined oestrogen and progestogen and using placebo for all our proposed primary outcomes, namely, miscarriage, perinatal death and preterm birth (less than 37 weeks and 0 days gestational age). In terms of this review's secondary outcomes, use of combined hormone therapy was associated with an increased risk of maternal cancer in the reproductive system (RR 6.65, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.56 to 28.29). However, there was no difference between groups for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the child, cancer other than that of reproductive system in the mother, or cancer of the offspring. The second trial involved pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF) and showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the treatment group and the no treatment group. Similarly, there were no differences between the combined hormone treatment and placebo group for the outcome of cancer of other organs other than reproductive system. The study did not report on the number of preterm births. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of hormonal therapy for the prevention of miscarriage in women with diabetes.
This review of 14 studies found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treatment in primary care. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (median NNT 9) (patient expected event rate ranged from 63% to 26% respectively) and from 7.8 to 8.8 NNT for SSRI. The number needed to harm (NNH) for withdrawal due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 (excluding three studies with no harmful events leading to withdrawal) and 20 to 90 (average NNT 7) for SSRI.
We found nine studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) that compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparators. None of the studies combined ibupofen with a self-administered antiemetic. The higher dose was significantly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief (26% versus 12% with placebo) and 24-hour sustained headache relief, but the higher dose did not differ from rofecoxib 25 mg. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events, which were mostly mild and transient. Soluble formulations of 200 mg and 400 mg were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not for two hours, for acute migraine.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye syndrome). Due to the heterogeneity of study characteristics among the included trials with respect to types of diagnostic criteria, interventions, comparisons, and measurements taken, our ability to perform meta-analyses was limited. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic artificial tears in two trials assessing this comparison (175 participants). All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no difference in effectiveness between the two groups. Our review also found that OTC Artificial Tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients who had failed first-line antiretroviral therapy. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamivudine in second-line regimens and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those who continued to take emtricitabine or thiacytidine in their second regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations with non-thymidine analog combinations. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimen is encouraging.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants in this review. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of these tests. We found that difficult face mask ventilation was the reference standard in seven studies, difficult laryngoscopy in 92 studies, and difficult tracheal intubation in 50 studies. The upper lip bite test provided the highest sensitivity compared to the other tests (P < 0.001). The summary sensitivity of the tests ranged from 0.22 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.13 to 0.33; mouth opening test) and the summary specificity (P = 0.80) for the upper lip bites test. The summary specificity of the difficult-larynx endoscope test ranged from 1.0% to 1.5% for the different types of intubations. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for each of the different domains; we mostly observed low-risk of bias for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk-of-bias for reference standard and index tests. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains.
Sixty-three studies met the inclusion criteria with a total of 8014 participants. Of these, 56 trials recruited infants and young children. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotic intervention. Probiotics reduced the duration of diarrhoea, although the size of the effect varied considerably between studies. The average of the difference was significant for mean duration of diarrhea lasting 24.76 hours (mean difference 24 hours; 95% confidence interval 15.9 to 33.6 hours). The differences in effect size between studies was not explained by study quality, probiotic strain, the number of different strains, the viability of the organisms, dosage of organisms, the causes of diarrhoeal illness, or whether the studies were done in developed or developing countries.
We included only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects (between six and 12 months) on social functioning and engagement with non-inpatient services. Results of people leaving the study early favoured the intervention in the short term (n = 52, 1 RCT, RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.06 to 12.98), with slight favour of the control group at medium term. Results for the adverse effects/events of death (measured by one year) favoured the interventions but with no statistical significance. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of this newly-formulated therapy. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies compared pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) with placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. Studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF) imputation method used in analyses of the primary outcomes could overestimate treatment effect. Pregabalin increased the number of participants experiencing substantial benefit (at least 50% pain intensity reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment, 5 studies, high quality evidence). Substantial benefit with placebo was experienced by about 14% of participants with placebo but about 9% more with a dose of 300 to 600 mg (high quality evidence), and by about 22% to 24% with a dosage of 600 to 1000 mg daily. Pain was reduced by about 30% to 50% in about 1 in 10 (1874 participants) of people with moderate-to-severe nerve pain, compared with about 2 in 10 with placebo. Pain reduced by at least 30% and at least 5 in 10 in people with severe nerve pain with a daily dose of 450 mg daily, respectively. Pain decreased by about 28% to 43% in the placebo group, compared to about 11% to 39% in people treated with a 150 to 300 mg daily dose. The number of people who dropped out of the studies due to side effects was similar with both groups (39% and 43%, respectively). No serious side effects were reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high.
We included one trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term). An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between magnesium sulphate and placebo in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes (risk ratio (RR) 0.51; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0 to 5.46; 135 infants), nor gestational age at birth (mean difference (MD) -0.20 weeks). There were no significant differences seen between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage (excess blood loss from uterine bleeding) and caesarean section. There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the magnesium sulfate group than in the placebo group. However, no adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment were observed. There is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphates.
The purpose of this review was to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at Indigenous populations. A significant health disparity exists, whereby Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available to evaluate these interventions, despite the known success of these interventions in non-Indigenous populations. Due to this lack of published investigations, the external validity of the results is limited, as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results. However, the limited but available evidence reported does indicate that smoking cessation intervention aimed at smoking cessation in Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However this evidence base is not strong with a small number of methodologically sound trials investigating these interventions. More rigorous trials are now required to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco related health disparities in Indigenous and non-indigenous populations, as well as other health care systems.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for meta-analysis. All 13 studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28 days, 30 days, 60 days or ICU mortality). The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality was 1.02 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96 to 1.09) for the studies of low-risk patients (general intensive care) and 0.98 for studies of patients who were undergoing surgery (surgery patients). Of the eight studies of surgery patients, five evaluated the effectiveness of pre-operative optimization but there was no difference in mortality when these studies were examined separately. Use of a pacemaker did not affect the length of stay in the intensive care unit (four studies) or hospital (nine studies). Four studies, conducted in the United States (US), reported costs based on hospital charges billed, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Two of these studies qualified for analysis and did not show a statistically significant hospital cost difference (mean difference USD 900, 95% CI -2620 to 4420, P = 0.62). Our review concluded that use of a PAC did not alter the mortality, general ICU or hospital LOS, or cost for adult patients in intensive care. The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. Efficacy studies are needed to determine if there are optimal PAC-guided management protocols, which when applied to specific patient groups in ICUs could result in benefits such as shock reversal, improved organ function and less vasopressor use. Newer, less-invasive haemodynamic monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC.
Six studies (n = 478) of variable quality were included. A composite outcome of Infant Pain Scale (NIPS), Neonatal Facial Action Coding System (NFCS) and/or Premature Infant pain Profile (PIPP) score was reported in 288 infants, who did not receive a sweet tasting solution. Meta-analysis showed a significant reduction in the venepuncture versus the heel lance group (SMD -0.76, 95% CI -1.00 to -2.52; I2 = 0%). However, the SMD remained significant when a sweet-tasting solution was provided. The typical RD for requiring more than one skin puncture for venepuncture versus heel-lance (reported in 4 studies; n = 254) was 0.34. The NNT to avoid one repeat skin cut was 3 (95% CI 2 to 4). Cry characteristics favoured the blood sampling group but the differences were reduced by the provision of sweet tasting solutions prior to either procedure. Venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. Further well designed randomised controlled trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedure.
Two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry have been included. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between both groups. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months, six months and 12 months. Significantly more women in the secondary sutured group had resumed intercourse two months after surgery, although by six months there was no significant difference. Neither of the trials included data for the following prespecified secondary outcome measures: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineal wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression; or maternal depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or refute the use of second suturing for the management of broken down perineals following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants in this review. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Only three studies indicated that compared with antiviral drugs, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing influenza and alleviating influenza symptoms. Most Chinese medical herbs in the included studies showed similar effects to antiviral drug in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which adverse reactions were mentioned in the amantadine group although no data were reported). There were no significant differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. Ten studies reported mild adverse reactions, most of which were mild in nature. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantdine.
We included eight studies with a total of 580 participants in this review. No two studies compared the same interventions. Interventions included: thrombolytic therapy versus placebo (1 study); low versus high dose (1), alteplase versus urokinase (1); short versus long thrombopoietic dwell (1; and over-the-wire catheter exchange versus exchange with and without angioplasty (1). Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Based on the available evidence, physical disruption of a fibrin sheath using interventional radiology techniques appears to be equally efficacious as the use of a pharmaceutical drug to restore catheter function when compared to placebo, but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits, high risks of bias and imprecision in the estimates of adverse events (149 participants: RR 2.03, 95% CI 0.38 to 10.73).
We identified 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatments comparisons) published time-to-event data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no significant heterogeneity. We found no difference in time to progression between these regimen types. The addition of one or more drugs to the chemotherapy regimen shows a statistically significant advantage for the growth of tumour in women with metastatic breast cancer. However, the results suggest that the positive effect on tumour growth was also associated with increased toxicity. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia (loss of hair), nausea and vomiting and leucopenia (a decrease in the number of leukocytes in a blood sample below the normal range (LEUKOCYTE COUNT less than 4000)).
Ten random or quasi-random controlled trials reported on a total of 1896 patients. There was no statistically significant effect on inpatient mortality or mortality to longest follow up but higher quality studies showed a larger non-significant increase in inpatient deaths. Discharge to institutional care was reduced for the NLU but functional status at discharge increased but there was a near significant increase in the length of inpatient stay. Early readmissions were reduced. One study compared a NLU for the chronically critically ill (possible or imminent) with ICU care. Mortality (WMD 2 days, 95% CI 10.96 to -6.96 days) and length of stay differ did not differ but there were fewer early readmissions. Costs of care were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies. No statistically significant adverse effects were noted but the possibility of increased early mortality cannot be discounted. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two trials compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and two compared ultrasound with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). Six studies compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another intervention. Only two studies reported the primary outcome of interest, short-term overall improvement (short-term rating of improvement, satisfaction with treatment, within three months post-treatment). Overall, there is insufficient evidence that one therapeutic ultrasound regimen is more efficacious than another. The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants in this review. The active drugs were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a synthetic lipid-lowering agent), simvastarin, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. Fixed-effect analysis showed no overall effect on stroke recurrence but statin therapy alone had a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular events. Three statin trials showed a reduction in subsequent serious vascular events. There was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death.
Eleven campaigns met the inclusion criteria for this review. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. There is evidence that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include mass media campaigns can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the campaign. Another (California) showed results during the period of adequate funding and implementation and in final evaluation since the beginning of the programme. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed some positive effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence. Among seven campaigns reporting smoking prevalence, significant decreases were observed in the California and Massachusetts statewide tobacco control campaigns compared with the rest of the USA. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found statistically significant decreases. Among the three that did not show significant decreases, one demonstrated a significant intervention effect on smokers and ex-smokers combined. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for meta-analysis. Seventeen studies that compared yoga versus no therapy provided moderate-quality evidence showing that yoga improved health-related quality of life, reduced fatigue and reduced sleep disturbances in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression or anxiety in either the short or medium term, and had no medium-term effects on depression or fatigue. Investigators reported no serious adverse events. Four studies compared yoga with psychosocial/educational interventions and found that yoga can reduce depression, anxiety, fatigue and fatigue. However, yoga did not seem to reduce anxiety or fatigue in the medium or long-term. No serious adverse effects were reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
We included one retrospective, single-institution study that compared early and no early post-operative brain imaging in 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference in overall survival with respect to overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis (48% vs 55% died, respectively; very low certainty evidence). No other review outcomes were reported. Existing imaging schedules in glioma seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we identified no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven prestated main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine groups and numbers of participants with parkinsonism at eight weeks were similar. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiAPine fails to provide high-quality trial based data.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion in this review. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics appeared to reduce the risk of clinical and endoscopic recurrence relative to placebo. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious adverse events. Mesalamine and azathioprine/6MP were also associated with a lower risk of recurrence. Neither agent had a higher risk than placebo of serious side effects. There are insufficient randomised controlled trials of infliximab, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 to draw conclusions.
We included seven trials with a total of 885 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme, brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing only. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. There was no significant difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol abstinence assessed with Substance Abuse Calendar and breathalyser at one year: risk ratio (RR) 2.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.10 to 55.06); and retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment). The quality of evidence was very low. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias.
We included 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described randomisation and allocation concealment adequately. Quinine was compared to placebo (20 trials, 1140 participants), vitamin E, vitamin E-vitamin E combination (four trials, 543 participants), theophylline, and xylocaine injections into the gastrocnemius muscle (one trial, 24 participants). Compared to placebo, the number of cramps over two weeks was reduced by 28%, cramp intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. Cramp duration was not significantly affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor adverse events than placebo (risk difference (RD) 3%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0% to 6%), mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (0.12% risk), a type of blood clotting disorder that can occur when blood clots form in the blood vessels supplying the brain and spinal cord. No serious side effects were reported. The quality of the included trials was very low.
We identified seven trials involving a total of 406 individuals amongst whom 118 cross-over participants additionally served as their own controls. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramp and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers. Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. We could not determine the number of subjects in the other two trials due to the small number of people included in the trials. The trials compared magnesium to placebo, no treatment, or another type of treatment. The evidence is current to May 2015. For idiopatic cramps (largely older adults presumed to have nocturnal leg cramps), differences in measures of cramp frequency, magnesium versus placebo, were small, not statistically significant, and without heterogeneity. The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group. Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found for cramp intensity or cramp duration. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. The two trials comparing magnesium to a placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Meta-analysis was not possible for trials of cramps related to pregnancy. The single study comparing magnesium versus no treatment failed to find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low.
We included one study that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was evaluator-blinded, but personnel and participants could not be blinded to the intervention, which placed the results at a high risk of bias. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of them did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The trial used change in walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a measure of function; the change from baseline to six months' follow-up in the training group (9.4 m) was not detectably different from the change in the usual care group (-0.14 m) (mean difference (MD) 9.54 m, 95% confidence interval (CI) -83.04 to 102.12; N = 12). The trial assessed function on the Hammersmith Functional Motor Scale - Expanded (HFMSE), which has a range of possible scores from 0 to 66, with an increase of 3 or more points indicating clinically meaningful improvement. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT) total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest), compared to -5.8 in the control group. A clinically meaningful increase in VO2max is 3.5 mL/kg/min. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision.
We included two small randomised controlled trials with a total of 149 participants. One trial (81 patients with cervical radiculopathy) found that surgical decompression was superior to physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilization in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. The other trial (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelopathy) did not find any differences between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylosis or myelopathies. It is unclear whether the short term risks of surgery are offset by long-term benefits. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care; four by a doctor, one by a nurse and one by the clinic clerk. Three studies compared different types of health care workers; two compared nurses with doctors and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found a significant increase in return consultations. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. Seven studies looked at accident and emergency department visits, six showed no difference between the groups and one, of nurse telephone consultation, found an increase in visits. Two studies reported deaths and found no difference in visits between nurse telephone triage and normal care. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed. These studies need to look at service use, safety, cost and patient satisfaction.
We included 84 trials (22,872 participants), with 70/84 studies reporting interventions in higher risk individuals or settings. Studies with follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the sustainability of intervention effects and were also less susceptible to short-term reporting or publication bias. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related risky behaviour. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. Further analyses showed that there was no clear relationship between the duration of the MI intervention (in minutes) and effect size. Subgroup analyses revealed no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes (four or more months) for assessment only versus alternative intervention controls; for university/college vs other settings; or for higher risk vs all/low risk participants.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 people with asthma. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition biases and at high risk for biases associated with blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. Enhanced inhaler technique education and mult-media training improved technique in most studies immediately after the intervention and at follow up, although the variety of checklists used meant that this was difficult to assess reliably. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique were generally more useful than checklist scores. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for asthma control and quality of life, but generally did not lead to a significant improvement in asthma symptoms. For both adults and children, how and when inhaler techniques were assessed appeared to affect whether they improved and by how much. However, evidence tended to be less clear for children, usually because results were based on fewer and smaller studies. Some studies did not report exacerbations in a way that allowed meta-analysis; others provided inconclusive results.
Three small trials, involving 226 participants, were included in this review. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials included patients who had CT-verified ICH. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. Death and disability could be calculated in the larger ICH trial without differences between the mannitol and control groups. Case fatality was not reported in either trial. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials and the proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition did not differ significantly between the treated patients and controls. Based on these three trials neither beneficial nor harmful effects could be proved. The confidence intervals for the treatment effect estimates were wide and included both clinically significant benefits and clinically significant harms as possibilities. There is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use in acute stroke patients. Further trials are needed.
Six trials were identified, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was observed when compared to placebo for all three-dose ranges and for most outcome measures including tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. The difference for ESR was -10.6 mm/hr. Similar results were observed for the higher dose group. Total withdrawals were significantly higher in the moderate and high dosage groups, mostly due to increased adverse reactions, including renal and hematological abnormalities. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs, but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
We included four studies in this review. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, and the fourth study compared the decoctions of Huangqi decosages with two other Chinese herbal interventions. None of the studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decocesions of Chinese herbal medicines were given in addition to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low blood count below the normal range) (WBC <3 x 10^9 per L). Huangqi Decosages were also associated with increases in the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3, CD4, CD8 and CD8. There were no serious side effects reported in any of the four studies. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of Chinese herbs for the treatment of cancer.
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated vitamin A and vitamin A in combination with DHA. None of the trials reported the primary outcome, mean change of visual field from baseline at one year, which was not reported in any of the studies. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in the other trials. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of vision field loss or visual acuity loss. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to clinical heterogeneity of participants and interventions across the included trials. Based on the results of three RCTs, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A or DHA for people with RP.
We included three randomised controlled trials with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months (one RCT), to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. Included trials investigated job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning (n = two RCTs; 382 participants). Overall, we assessed the two smaller trials as having a high risk of bias and the large trial as being of low risk. Trials showed marked differences in how they performed on risk of biases items, particularly on performance bias. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the two larger trials, the larger one reported a large statistically significant reduction in job loss (relative risk (RR) = 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.18 to 0.68) and the other RCT (N = 140) reported similar effects in both groups, although the CI was very wide. The latter one probably suffered from performance bias and we judged it to have a high-risk of bias. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up. Finally, in the same small trial, using the Rheumatoid Arthritis-Work Instability Scale (RA-WIS), there was a moderate improvement of intermediate term work functioning. We identified no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. This Cochrane review of three trials found very low-quality evidence overall for job loss prevention interventions having an effect on job loss in workers with inflammatory arthritis. The results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective.
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm neonates (140 received arginine) from three countries. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. We noted a statistically significant reduction in risk of development of NEC (any stage) among preterm newborns in the arginin group compared with the placebo group and rated the quality of evidence as moderate. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the control or no treatment groups. Results showed clinical heterogeneity in mortality rates. Arginine supplementation was associated with a significantly reduction in death related to NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%) and NEC stage 3 (RD -0.13, 95th CI 0 to 1.03; I 2 = 0%) in the control group. The risk of developing NEC stage 4 was significantly reduced in the group of preterm infants who received a placebo. We concluded that the evidence was of moderate quality.
We included four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg. No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses of inoperable INCS (cytotoxic). Current evidence is limited for sinus infections confirmed by radiology or nasal endoscopy, but supports the use of the INCS as a monotherapy or as an adjuvant therapy to antibiotics. Clinicians should weigh the modest but clinically important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy.
The review of trials found that the administration of low dose vancomycin reduced the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcus aureus in eligible preterm infants. Mortality, length of stay in hospital, and evidence of adverse effects were not significantly different between the two groups. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials.
Fourteen reports of 13 RCTs on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by secondary intention were identified. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression, WMD -25.60 days, 95% CI -49.08 to -2.12 days (1 trial). There were no statistically significant differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate).  PAIN: Gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings (4 trials).  PATIENT SATISFACTION: Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied compared with those receiving alternative dressings.  COSTS: gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam.  LENGTH of HOSPITAL STAY: Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that included 1482 women. Five reports were published before 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills and two of the etonogestrel implant. Older studies often lacked quantified results. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk volume, or infant growth. Exceptions were seen mainly in older studies with limited information. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs. Five trials indicated no significant difference between groups in the time taken to insert the birth control pills (e.g. at 16 weeks) and at 24 weeks. One trial did not quantify results. Two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration. Another trial showed a lower percentage of women breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group (reported P < 0.05) but no difference at one year. For breastfeeding volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. The other showed lower means (mL) at 16 and 24 weeks, respectively. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data.
We found 10 controlled before-after studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. Most evaluations did not adjust for RTM or spillover, affecting their accuracy. Total crashes: the only study that adjusted for both reported a rate ratio of 0.71 (95% CI to 0.55, 0.93); for three studies that partially adjusted for spillover but failed to consider RTM, the rate ratio was 0.87; for one study that made no adjustments, rate ratios were 0.80 and 0.92; the pooled rate ratio from the five studies with no adjustments was 074. Other types of crashes: right-angle and red-light violations: one study found a rate of 053. Red-light cameras are effective in reducing total crashes. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
Four trials involving 494 participants were included in this review. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram for the percentage of outpatients with VTE in terms of the proportion who achieved the INR in the first five days after starting treatment. The other three studies, consisting of both inpatients and outpatient patients, showed no difference. No difference was observed in recurrent venous thromboembolism at 90 days, with the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB = 3, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2 to 4) in the two studies that reported this outcome. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate, although with substantial heterogeneity (I2 = 90%). The review authors analyzed each study separately because it was not possible to perform a subgroup analysis by inpatient or outpatient status.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. None of the trials were designed specifically for people with dementia or cognitive impairment, therefore the data included in the review were from subgroups of participants with dementia and cognitive impairment participating in randomised controlled trials investigating models of care for all older people following hip fracture. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one domain. Furthermore, there were some important differences in baseline characteristics of participants between the experimental and control groups. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise, and the overall certainty for most results was very low. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was only very low certainty for our other primary outcome, activities of daily living and functional performance, therefore we were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence. We found low-certainty evidence that enhanced care and rehabilitation in the hospital may reduce rates of postoperative delirium and may lead to shorter hospital stays. However, the certainty of these results is low. Data were available from only a small number of trials. Determining the optimal strategies to improve outcomes for this growing population of patients should be a research priority.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 840 children with acute and chronic illnesses who received home-based nursing services. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; two studies reported a reduction in the length of hospital stay with no difference in the hospital readmission rates. Three studies reported reduced parental anxiety and improvement in child behaviours. Overall increased parental satisfaction was reported in three studies. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported. By contrast, one study each reported no impact on parental burden of care or on functional status of children. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with care. Current research does not provide supporting evidence for reducing access to hospital services or reducing the number of children who have to be readmitted to hospital. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We included 40 studies with 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials. We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. When ICM was compared with standard care for the outcome service use, ICM slightly reduced the number of days in hospital per month (n = 3595, 24 RCTs, MD -0.86, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.37 to -2.34, low-quality evidence). Similarly, the results showed that ICM may make little or no difference in reducing the risk of death by suicide. ICM also reduced the average number of people leaving the trial early and the number who were admitted to hospital compared to those who did not receive ICM. However, there was uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment due to very low quality evidence. For the outcome adverse events (death by suicide, social functioning), the evidence showed that there was no clear evidence of a difference between ICM and other interventions. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. Fidelity to ACT Within the meta-regression we found that i.) the more ICM is adherent to the ACT model, the better it is at decreasing time in hospital ('organisation fidelity' variable), and ii) the more people left the intervention early compared to people who were not adherent to ACT. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
Twenty-five trials contributed data to the quantitative synthesis in this review. All but one trial were at high risk of bias. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for meta-analysis of box training (248 participants) versus no supplementary training (216 participants). All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. There were no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. The time taken for task completion was significantly shorter in the box trainer group than in the control group (8 trials; 249 participants). The box trainer also had lower error score, better accuracy score, and better composite performance scores. Three trials reported movement distance but could not be combined as they were not in a format that could be pooled. There was no significant difference in the time taken to complete the task in the remaining three comparisons (reverse alignment versus forward alignment box training; box trainer suturing versus box trainer drills; and single incision versus multiport box model train). The only trial that reported accuracy score found significantly higher accuracy score with Z-maze box training than U-mazes box training. One trial (36 participants) found significantly shorter time taken when box training was performed using a simple cardboard box trainer compared with the standard pelvic trainer. Another trial (22 participants) reported significantly higher composite score with reverse alignment compared with forward alignment. None of the remaining secondary outcomes such as mortality and morbidity were reported in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee satisfaction.
Two randomised clinical trials were eligible for inclusion in this review. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis and the other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. Both trials were terminated early because of adverse effects. Hydrocorticoids tended to increase adverse events (pancreatitis, chronic pancreatitis with septicaemia, paranoid ideas, fluid retention) and had no clinical improvement, which led to termination of the trial. No other statistically significant effects on clinical or biochemical outcomes were reported on any of the evaluated interventions.
This review included a total of 11 trials. Seven trials addressed the timing of support (early versus delayed), data on mortality were obtained for all seven trials (284 participants). The relative risk (RR) for death with early nutritional support was 0.67 (95% CI 0.41 to 1.07). Data on disability were available for three trials. Five trials (207 participants) reported mortality. Two trials provided data on death and disability. One trial compared gastric versus jejunal enteral nutrition, there were no deaths and the RR was not estimable. Because early support often involves parenteral nutrition, three of the trials are also included in the previous analyses. This review suggests that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability compared with delayed nutritional support. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also mortality and disability outcomes.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% CI 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that participants who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) participants drank about one binge drinking session less per month. Only five small studies (390 participants) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. There was no difference in alcohol consumption between the two groups. Thus, digital alcohol interventions produced broadly similar outcomes in these studies. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. A median of nine BCTs were used in experimental arms (range = 1 to 22). 'B' is an estimate of effect (MD in quantity of drinking, expressed in g/week) per unit increase in the BCT, and is a way to report whether individual binge drinking events are linked to the effect of the intervention.
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants received other active treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. We rated all studies as at unclear risk of bias in at least three domains. In addition, 20 of the 24 included studies were judged to be at a high risk of systematic error. Two primary outcomes of efficacy and acceptability showed a possible advantage of benzodiazapine over placebo in the treatment of schizophrenia. The dropout rate was lower among participants treated with benzodazepine. The estimated risk ratio (RR) for a response to treatment was 1.65 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.39 to 1.96). The estimated number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was 6. The possible advantage was also seen for remission and social functioning, both with low-quality evidence. The evidence for the other secondary outcomes was of very low quality. With the exception of the analyses of the change score data for depression, social functioning and remission, all secondary outcome analyses showed an effect in favour of benzidazapines over placebo. We graded the quality of evidence as low for both primary outcomes.
We identified 13 small trials (1520 participants randomised) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. The duration and style of tai chi differed between trials. No studies reported on cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (all studies had follow-up of one year or less). There was also considerable heterogeneity between studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine studies statistically for cardiovascular risk. Nine trials measured blood pressure, six individual trials found reductions in systolic blood pressure and two trials found no clear evidence of a difference (however, CIs were wide and an increase or decrease in blood pressure cannot be ruled out). A similar pattern was seen for DBP: three trials found a reduction in DBP (reductions ranged from -12.2 mmHg (95% confidence interval (CI) -15.8 to -16.3) to -11.5mmHg), and one trial found an increase in SBP (increase 5.2 millimetersHg, 95% CI 3.73 to 6.67). All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias, and some studies were at high-risk of bias for allocation concealment (one study) and selective reporting (two studies).
Twenty-seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) were included in this review. Twenty-three interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The interventions were very heterogeneous in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based interventions provided to all participants. We were unable to extract data from all studies in a format that allowed inclusion in a meta-analysis. Nine studies (4810 participants) reporting smoking uptake amongst baseline non-smokers could be pooled, but eight studies with about 5000 participants could not be pooled because of insufficient data. The pooled estimate detected a significant reduction in smoking behaviour in the intervention arms. Two studies in which some of the 4487 participants already had smoking experience at baseline did not detect evidence of effect. Eight studies compared a combined family plus school intervention to a school intervention. These two groups of studies were considered separately. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. Although there was heterogeneity between studies there was little evidence of statistical heterogeneity in the results. There was moderate quality evidence family-based interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a no intervention control. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. Estimates for the medium and low intensity subgroups were similar but confidence intervals were wide.
We included three studies with a total of 451 participants. The trial size varied from 51 to 280 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional interventions in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, and tropisetron. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We included two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days in the meta-analysis for nausea intensity; no data were available that incorporated the same outcome measures for the third trial. Corticosteroid therapy with corticosteroids resulted in less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10, with a lower score indicating less nausea) compared to placebo (MD 0.48 lower nausea, 95% CI 1.53 lower to 0.57 higher; very low-quality evidence), although this result was not statistically significant (P = 0.37). Frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups, and all interventions were well tolerated. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies. Factors limiting statistical analysis included the lack of standardised measurements of nausea and the use of different agents, dosages, and comparisons. Subgroup analysis according to type of cancer was not possible due to insufficient data.
We included 10 studies of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. Three studies included HIV-infected children (n = 1345), four cystic fibrosis and one each sickle cell disease, cancer and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders. The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection was moderate. Due to inadequate data, we were unable to rate the quality of evidence for two studies: one in children with sickle Cell disease (low risk of bias), and another in children who were born premature (low birth weight) and had underlying respiratory diseases (high risk of biased results). In HIV- infected children receiving continuous co-treatment, there was no significant difference in the incidence of pulmonary tuberculosis (RR 0.82, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.46 to 1.46, I2 statistic = 76%, P value = 0.58); however, analysis of one study showed a significant reduction in the number of children who developed pulmonary tuberculosis. There was also no significant effect on mortality. There were no significant differences in mortality between children who received co-transcriptase inhibitors and those who did not, but there was a significant decrease in the proportion of children with pulmonary tuberculosis who developed lung infections. In children with chronic bronchitis, there were no statistically significant differences between the two treatment groups. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics to prevent lung infections in children.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects on cardiopulmonary complications, surgical complications, or pain. There were no serious adverse events related to the use of nitrogen oxide or carbon dioxide in the setting of pneumopitoneum. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) with nitrogen oxide and carbon dioxide compared to room air. The quality of the evidence was very low.
Fourteen studies were included in this review. Only RCTs investigating dexamethasone were identified. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 participants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies contrasted a high versus a moderate dose and five studies a moderate versus a low cumulative dose. Analysis of the studies investigating a moderate-dose versus a high-dosage regimen showed an increased risk of BPD (typical risk ratio (RR) 1.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1 to 2.22; typical risk difference (RD) 0.26, 95's CI 0.03 to 0.49; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 4, 95s CI 1.9 to 23.3; I² = 0%, 2 studies, 55 infants). Four other studies enrolled 762 infants and investigated the early initiation of therapy versus a moderately early or delayed initiation and showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. There were no differences in outcomes between a moderate and a low dose regimen. The composite outcomes of death or BPD and death or abnormal neurodevelopmental outcome showed similar results although the former only reached borderline significance.
We included eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. No new studies were included in this update. Researchers compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, corticosteroids, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulins versus placebo, placebo or no treatment. Overall there were no observed significant differences in risk of cardiac disease at one year between people who received steroids and aspirin and those who did not. Little evidence of benefit was found when steroids or intravenous immune globulin were used to reduce the risk of heart valve lesions. Investigators in five studies did not report adverse events. The three studies reporting on adverse events reported substantial side effects. However, all results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticides to be effective in reducing the number of flies. Another study found that health education reduced the incidence of trachomas. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, however, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce the incidence. Two trials on latrine provision have not demonstrated a significant reduction in the numbers of flies in the community. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of trchoma. All the studies have some methodological concerns.
Fifteen studies (1043 CFS participants) were included in the review. When comparing CBT with usual care (six studies, 373 participants), the difference in fatigue mean scores at post-treatment was highly significant, with 40% of CBT participants showing clinical response in contrast with 26% in usual care. Findings at follow-up were inconsistent. When CBT was compared with other psychological therapies, comprising relaxation, counselling and education/support (four studies, 313 participants), there was no significant difference between CBT and usual care in reducing the symptoms of fatigue, but there was some evidence that CBT may be more effective than usual care alone. Only two studies compared CBT against other interventions and one study compared it in combination with other interventions. The overall quality of the evidence was low.
We found one study including 46 people with sickle cell disease. Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven withdrew before randomisation leaving 39 participants who were randomised to receive vitamin D3 or placebo for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Compared to the placebo group, the vitamin D group had significantly higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels at eight weeks, mean difference 29.79 (95% confidence interval 26.63 to 32.95), at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. Two participants from the treatment group have missing values of baseline serum vitamin D levels. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the two groups. The quality of the evidence for this outcome was moderate. The included study had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data (high dropout rate in placebo group), but a low risk for other domains such as random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of participants, personnel and outcome assessors, selective outcome reporting, and an unclear risk of other biases.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a method similar to a coin toss) that compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). This study recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two treatments: the NDP-3 and ReST. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, and at one month and four months post-therapy. The evidence is current to May 2015. The results of this review suggest that both the NUFField dyspraxic language therapy and the ReST therapy are effective in improving the accuracy of speech production. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect for accuracy of production on non-treated words, and for speech production consistency. For three outcomes the effect was marginally greater for ReST, measured by 25 real words repeated three times using the inconsistency subtest of the Diagnostic Evaluation of Articulation and Phonology (DEAP) test. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one RCT was identified.
We included four trials that randomised a total of 268 participants in this review. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of performance, detection, and attrition bias. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. We judged these three studies to be of low or unclear risk of bias due to poor reporting. Only the study in Brazil, in participants with healed lesions, reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. In the last study, all participants had active retinochoroiditis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomisation. The study in the UK study of pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for four weeks reported a similar change in vision as people treated with placebo at one year. In all four studies, antibiotics were administered orally. We found moderate-quality evidence that treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of recurrence of the disease compared with placebo, and similar results were seen for acute and chronic disease. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We included 43 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) in this review. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. Five trials compared the intramedullary hip screw (IMHS) with the SHS. Results for post-operative complications, mortality and functional outcomes were similar in both groups. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for the proximal femoral nail (PFN). None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) of other nail versus extramedulary implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test.
We found only one study that analysed data for 47 women who received either palliative surgery (27 women) or medical management with Octreotide (20 women) and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Although six (22%) women had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, multivariable analysis found that women who had surgery had significantly (p < 0.001) better survival than women who were given medical management, after adjustment for important prognostic factors. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported and adverse events were incompletely documented. Quality of life (QoL) was also not reported. We found weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify subgroups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other.
Four trials met the inclusion criteria for this review. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women) studied atorvastarin. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (mean difference (MD), 95% CI -1.18 to -0.62, P < 0.00001, 3 RCTs, 105 women) when used alone or with the OCP. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and light (1.019-1.063 g/ml) particles with a core composed mainly of CHOLESTEROL ESTERS and smaller amounts of TRIGLYCERIDES. C-reactive protein (HS-CRP), fasting insulin or homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) insulin were more effective than placebo in improving blood glucose and insulin concentrations. However, there was no significant effect on body weight. There is no evidence to support the use of statins for the treatment of PCOS.
The purpose of this review was to assess the benefits and risks of palliative treatments for controlling vaginal bleeding in women with advanced cervical cancer. We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), enrolling a total of 745 patients, that compared temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). In patients with recurrent HGG, two RCTs enrolling 672 patients in total found that the combination treatment did not increase OS compared to standard chemotherapy, but it did increase progression-free survival (PFS) in a subgroup analysis of grade IV GBM. In the elderly, a single RCT found no significant effect on QoL. Adverse events were similar between arms.
Two studies met our inclusion criteria. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for district health systems management ('contracting-in') may improve health care access and utilization. However, contracting-in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. In the other study, intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers’ performance. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions for retaining managers met our study selection criteria for inclusion in this review. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs) as well as training districts health systems managers have not been adequately investigated. More evidence is required before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of intensive care unit stay (ICU). Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. There was some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia. However, the analysis was underpowered to detect a difference between groups. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We found 50 trials (19 randomised controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) that evaluated the dose-related efficacy of cerivastatin in 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied the effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. We found that when compared to fluvastatin, atorvastin and rosuvastarin, the dose of the drug was about 250-fold more potent at reducing LDL cholesterol and 233-fold at reducing total cholesterol and triglycerides. The drug was also about 11-fold less potent at lowering total cholesterol. We also found that it was about six-fold better at reducing the amount of triglyceride. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. The dose-response data over doses of 2.5 mg to 80 mg revealed that the drug had similar effects on LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, and triglyceride levels.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. Based on high quality evidence, remote ischaemic preconditioning made little or no difference to the reduction of serum creatinine levels at postoperative days one (14 studies, 1022 participants), two (9 studies, 770 participants), and three (6 studies, 417 participants). Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving remote iliac clamping compared to control. Compared to control, there was no difference in the need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, or all-cause mortality. There was a slight improvement in the incidence of acute kidney injury using either the AKIN (8 studies, 2364 participants) or the RIFLE criteria (3 studies, 1586 participants). The certainty of the evidence is low because only two of 15 studies reported any adverse effects, and the remaining 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group. Overall we had moderate-high certainty evidence, however the available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote interventions in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in patients undergoing major cardiac and vascular surgery.
We included 12 trials (three from the 2008 search and nine from the 2014 search) with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs); and two non-pharmacological interventions, a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). The fatigue severity was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups. Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF. The beneficial effect was not seen in trials that had used adequate allocation concealment (two trials, 89 participants, 95% CI -0.80 to 0.04) or trials that used adequate blinding of outcome assessors (four trials, 198 participants, SMD -1.10). No trial focused on preventative PSF (e.g. a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases).
Three randomised trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. The sample sizes of the three trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials. In none of the trials could we ascertain that allocation to the comparison groups was concealed. It appears that the combination of insulin, glucose and insulin, compared to cation-exchange resin, caused a reduction in all cause mortality that was of borderline statistical significance: RR 0.18 (95% CI 0.03 to 1.15; RD -0.66). In the study of Hu, the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage ≥ grade 2 was significantly reduced. Albuterol inhalation versus saline inhalation changed serum K+ from baseline at four hours and at eight hours after initiation of treatment. No differences noted in mortality or other clinical outcomes were noted. No serious side effects were noted with either insulin and glucose inhalation or glucose and saline inhation. Other interventions listed in our objectives have not been studied to date. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
Twelve trials were found to be eligible for inclusion in this review. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected participants. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not significantly different between the two treatments: MD of 0.02 of a grade more improvement in the intravenous immunoglobulin than the plasma exchange group; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to -0.20. There were also no statistically significant differences in the other measures considered. Three studies including a total of 75 children suggested that IVIG significantly hastens recovery compared with supportive care. In one trial involving 249 participants, the primary outcome for this review, available for only one trial with 21 mildly affected children, showed significantly more improvement (five points on a scale of 0 to 100) in disability grade after four treatments. There was no significant difference in any of the other outcomes considered. The evidence is current to August 2013.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants); in the 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of inspiration. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, we found no evidence of a difference in mortality between the two groups within the longest follow-up and within 30 days. Similarly, when all trials were included, there was no difference in the risk of death between the high fraction and the routine fraction. Neither was there any evidence of an increase in surgical site infections between the groups. A high fraction was not associated with an increased risk of respiratory insufficiency, serious adverse events or length of stay in hospital. In subgroup analyses of nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, high fraction oxygen was associated with a decreased risk of surgical site infection. The quality of the evidence was very low.
Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion in this review. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Overall, we assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the control treatment. However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, 742 children) indicating that there is a beneficial effect of antibiotics on diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash in children with cystic fibrosis. In terms of other secondary outcomes, only two trials (849 children) reported on hearing levels two to four weeks after treatment and found conflicting results. None of the trials reported data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion (two trials, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one trial, one hundred and forty-five children) at any time point. In summary, we found moderate to low quality evidence from five trials (between two and 14 trials, including between two to 14 trials) that there was an effect on the number of children with complete resolution of their cystitis, with a NNTB ranging from 3 to 7. Time periods ranged from 10 to 14 days to six months.
We found 12 studies, nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three before and after studies. Only one study explored all-cause mortality and end-stage renal disease as endpoints. Pooling of the seven RCTs in patients with type 1 diabetes resulted in a non-significant reduction in the decline of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of 0.1 ml/min/month (95% CI -0.1 to 0.3) in the LPD group. For type 2 diabetes, one trial showed a small insignificant improvement in the rate of decline of GFR in the protein-restricted group and a second found a similar decline in both the intervention and control groups. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. Further longer-term research is needed.
We identified 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality, and seven were of lower quality. For moderate to severe injury,'strong evidence' showed benefit from formal intervention, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. For participants with moderate-to-severe ABI already in rehabilitation already in hospital, more intensive programmes are associated with earlier functional gains, and continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. 'Strong evidence' supports the use of a milieu-oriented model for patients with severe brain injury, in which comprehensive cognitive rehabilitation takes place in a therapeutic environment and involves a peer group of patients. 'Limited evidence' shows that specialist in-patient rehabilitation and specialist multi-disciplinary community rehabilitation may provide additional gains, but studies serve to highlight the particular practical and ethical restraints imposed on randomisation of severely affected individuals for whom no realistic alternatives to specialist intervention are available.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) that compared rooming-in versus mother-infant separation. The trial was conducted in the USA and involved women who were discharged from hospital with a newborn baby aged between one month and six months. This trial compared the frequency of exclusive breastfeeding on day four postpartum before discharge from hospital and the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding at six months of age (low-quality evidence). There was no difference found between the two groups in terms of duration of any breastfeeding. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day was 8.3 (standard deviation (SD) 2.2), slightly higher than the separate care group, i.e. seven times per day. None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported in the trial. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in. Further well-designed RCTs to investigate full mother and infant rooming versus partial mother-in or separate care including all important outcomes are needed.
Eight trials involving 660 participants were included in this review. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment, indicating a significantly lower rate of death and dependency in the sanchi group than in the control group. One trial reported higher Barthel index scores in participants who had had a mild stroke. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that participants probably had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in respect of stroke recurrence and quality of life. Sanchi appears to be beneficial and safe for acute ischaemic stroke, but the small sample and inferior quality of studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are required.
Fourteen eligible randomised controlled trials were identified but only seven trials could be included. Four trials evaluated implant placement timing. Two trials compared immediate versus delayed implant placement in 126 patients and found no statistically significant differences. One trial compared immediate implant placement with immediate-delayed placement in 46 patients and after 2 years patients perceived the time to functional loading significantly shorter, were more satisfied and independent blinded assessor judged the level of the perimplant marginal mucosa in relation to that of the adjacent teeth as more appropriate (RR = 1.68; 95% CI 1.04 to 2.72). These differences disappeared 5 years after loading but significantly more complications occurred in patients who had their implants placed immediately after extraction. There is a suggestion that patients who have immediate implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction. Three trials evaluated different techniques of bone grafting for implants immediately placed in extraction sockets. No statistically significant difference was observed when evaluating whether autogenous bone is needed in postextractive sites or which was the most effective augmentation technique (2 trials with 56 patients). There is not enough reliable evidence supporting or refuting the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sites. These preliminary conclusions are based on few underpowered trials often judged to be at high risk of bias.
Two trials were identified. One trial compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for per protocol analysis. There was no statistically significant difference in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - CognitionAS-Cog) between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. However, there was a significant improvement in the mean change from baseline on the cognitive scores in participants receiving PBT1 250 mg compared with placebo at weeks 24 and 36, respectively. The difference in mean change was 7.37 points (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.51 to 13.24) and 6.36 points on the executive factor Z score at week 12 for PBT2 250 mg. One participant in the active group developed neurological symptoms (impaired visual acuity and colour vision) which resolved on cessation of treatment and were possibly attributable to the drug. In the second trial a successor compound, PBT 2, was compared with a placebo in 78 participants with mild Alzheimer's dementia; all were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. No significant difference was found in the Neuropsychological Test Battery (NTB) composite or memory between the two groups at the end of week 12, however, two executive function component tests of the NTB showed significant improvement over placebo from baseline to week 12: category fluency test (2.8 words, 95% CI 0.1 to 5.4; P = 0.4) and trail making part B (-48.0 s) and the difference in least squares mean change in the Z score (0.27 points on a 0·27 (0·01 to 0·53; p=0·042).There was no significant effect on cognition on Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or AD.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Two trials specifically included children. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. People with pulmonary hypertension treated with PDE5 inhibitors were 22% less likely to die over a mean duration of 14 weeks compared to placebo (high-certainty evidence). The number needed to treat to prevent one additional death was 32 participants. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and headache. The quality of the evidence was high.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. Nine trials comparing double versus single injections showed a statistically significant decrease in primary anaesthesia failure. Pooled data from five trials also showed a significantly decrease in incomplete motor block in the multiple-injection group. The time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injections and double injections; however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections. Otherwise there were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. 'Risk of bias' assessment indicated that trial design and conduct were generally adequate; the most common areas of weakness were in blinding and allocation concealment.
We found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder in a Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. These studies lasted from 7-12 months. In all three studies, a significant decrease in linear growth occurred in children treated with beclometric steroids compared to those receiving placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. The average decrease, calculated through meta-analysis, was -1.54 cm per year (95% confidence interval (CI) -1% to -2.94 cm). However, these studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. We recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's asthma and closely following growth.
Three trials (139 patients) were included in this review. APD did not differ from CAPD with respect to mortality, risk of peritonitis, switching from original PD modality to a different dialysis modality, hernias, PD fluid leaks, PD catheter removal or hospital admissions. There was no difference between either modality in terms of renal function. One study found that patients on APD had significantly less hospitalisation and more time for work, family and social activities when results were expressed as episodes/patient-year. There is a need for a randomised controlled trial comparing APD with CAPD.
In this review, 37 trials (9312 patients) were analysed: 15 (3343) for RT vs. CRT, 16 (2861) for CT and 10 (3221) for IF-RT vs. EF-RT.  CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival, progression-free survival (PFS) and time to progression (SM). The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) separately. Excess SM with RT is due mainly to ST and is apparently caused by greater need for salvage therapy after RT.
We reviewed 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k"] = 12, n = 3040), transdermally (k = 5 and n = 1628), or intrathecally. All three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Findings regarding quality of life and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermal and intrathecal administration studies. Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects or insufficient pain relief. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of participants in the studies that reported that outcome. Many patients discontinue opioid therapy (especially oral opioids) due to side effects or because pain was not relieved enough.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with an average age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with a mean age of 57.3 (standard deviations 11.6) years) in the placebo group. The evidence is current to May 2015. This trial compared a daily dose of 20 mg/day (20 mg daily, administered orally) of an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch (C6-H10-O5)n, composed of a long-chain polymer of glucose in the form of amylose and amylopectin) and 2% magnesium stearate with a dose of placebo and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. We assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. There was low-certainty evidence on the risk of non-serious adverse events reported in participants treated with placebo compared with placebo, as the participants were mostly male and the evidence was limited by the very wide 95% confidence interval (CI), which spanned both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness (as the participants had an indirect role in the study). Thus, we are uncertain whether oxanderolone improves or reduces the healing of pressure ulcer, as we are very uncertain about the results of this trial. The certainty of evidence was very low on the relative effect on complete ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (risk ratio RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.26) (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide range of results and because the participants included in the trial were mostly men) and on the number of serious adverse events (RR 3.85, 95%, 95%CI 1.12 to 13.26), as the results were imprecise and the risk was indirect (because the participants involved in this trial had a low risk of developing a serious adverse event). There was no information on adverse events in the participants. Thus, the evidence suggests that the treatment with oxandolone may lead to an increased risk of adverse events such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, abdominal pain, headache, dizziness, drowsiness, and sleepiness. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxandolinol for the treatment of open pressure and spinal cord injuries.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. Pooled data identified a significant difference from the addition of postural restriction in the frequency of Dix-Hallpike conversion when compared to the manoeuvre alone. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients versus 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a positive to negative Dix Hallpike test (risk ratio (RR) 1.13, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.22, P = 0.002). No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. No evidence of benefit was found of mastoid oscillation applied during the operation, or of additional steps in the operation. There is evidence supporting a small improvement in treatment efficacy. However, it is important to note that this statistically significant effect only highlights that this small improvement only highlights a little improvement in treat efficacy.
Four studies (231 participants randomised) are included in the review. No studies were at low risk of bias. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery versus systemic steroids (one study, n = 109), (2) polypectomy (complete or partial removal of a polypoid lesion from the mucosal surface of the mucosa (skin covering the mucus membranes surrounding the vagina) versus systemic steroid (two studies, 87), and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid (one small study, 35). All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. Although there were important differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies, these results were similar. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. Primary outcomes: symptom scores and quality of life scores There were no important differences between groups in either the patient-reported disease-specific symptom scores or the health-related quality of lives scores. Endoscopic scores and other secondary outcomes Two studies reported endoscopic scores. One study (ESS plus systemic steroids versus antibiotics) reported a large number of side effects. The other two studies (one comparing ESSS) failed to find a difference between groups. Quality of the evidence for the primary outcomes was very low or low due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants in each study.
We included eight trials (709 participants) comparing foods fortified with zinc with foods without zinc. The trials lasted between one and nine months. Seven trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared foods containing zinc in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc (comparing 2). None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on zinc deficiency. We did not find a difference in serum or plasma zinc levels in participants consuming foods fortified plus other micronutrients when compared with participants consuming the same staple foods but no added zinc. A single trial of addition of zinc to iron in wheat flour did not show a reduction in the proportion of zinc deficiency (very low-quality evidence). We rated most trials as having unclear or high risk of bias for randomisation, but low risk for blinding and attrition.
Eleven studies involving 3060 randomly assigned participants were included in this review. The quality of evidence for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure was rated as moderate according to GRADE. Use of non-steroidal antiandrogens decreased overall survival and increased clinical progression, as well as treatment failure, at one year, 70 weeks, two years and two years in men with metastatic disease. The risk of treatment discontinuation due to adverse events, including events such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and asthenia, was higher in men treated with non-antandrosteroid drugs compared with medical or surgical castration.
We found eight eligible trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.02); four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction (RR of 0.75) in the number of women who died of breast cancer, including breast cancer after 10 years, or on all-cause mortality after 13 years. We found that breast cancer deaths was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. If we assume that screening reduces the risk of dying from breast cancer by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years one will avoid dying and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and depression.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. Three studies only included women with PCOS, while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study. One study investigated 20,000 units hCG priming compared to no priming, and we found no evidence of a difference in the live birth rate, miscarriage rate, or clinical pregnancy rate between the two groups. However, our findings suggested that hCG may be associated with a reduction in the number of clinical pregnancy rates; 22% of women who did not receive hCG achieved pregnancy, while between 7% and 23% of those who received hCG did so. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision.
The review authors searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) looking at the effects of hormone replacement therapy (ERT or HRT) for preventing cognitive impairment in postmenopausal or other estrogen-deficient women. The review authors found 16 trials (10,114 women) with analysable data. Meta-analyses showed no effects of both ERT and HRT on prevention of cognitive impairment after five and four years of treatment, respectively. Results from smaller trials assessing effects on individual cognitive domains mostly reported no evidence of benefit.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium daily). Both studies lasted 12 weeks. The quality of the evidence was very low. We found no statistically significant differences between ICS and LAMA for improvement in symptoms measured by the COPD Assessment Test (CAT score) nor for FEV₁ (change from baseline trough in 24-hour weighted mean on treatment day 84). Many pooled estimates lacked precision. Compared to the TIO arm, we found no significant difference for pooled secondary outcomes, including St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) mean total score change; hospital admissions (all-cause); disease-specific adverse events; and mean weekly rescue medication use (results available from only one of the studies). Data for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to intubation and physical activity measures were not available in included trials. We are uncertain whether once-daily ICS or LABA, combined in one inhaler, has a different efficacy or adverse effect profile. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 participants.
We included four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 169 participants with BDD. These trials compared the effectiveness of antidepressants (fluoxetine and clomipramine) with placebo (dummy treatment) or with other selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs) or CBT (cognitive behavioural therapy). The results suggest that antidepressants and CBT may be useful in treating BDD, but the findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well as a range of psychological therapy approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available.
We found three trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis for the prevention of opportunistic infections in HIV-infected adults with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug. We found that using a desensitization protocol over a rechallenge protocol at six months of follow-up resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in people with a history of hypersensitivity. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Further randomised controlled trials are urgently needed.
We included in the review three trials enrolling 148 preterm infants. We identified no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment based on the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of NICU stay, adequacy of analgesia according to the infant's pain profile, and the number of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in the midazolam group compared with the placebo group. However, none of the sedation scales used in these trials have been validated in preterm babies, and therefore, we could not ascertain the effectiveness of this drug in reducing pain in this population. The duration of time spent in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) was significantly longer in infants treated with midazlam compared with infants who received placebo. One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores during midazilam infusion than during dextrose (placebo) infusion. Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of neurological adverse events (adverse neurological events) at 28-day-old age. We found no evidence to support or refute the use of midazoline in the treatment of pain in premature infants. The evidence is current to August 2015.
Twelve trials involving 767 participants were included in this review. There is no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotics for NTS. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotic treatment. Antibiotic treatment meant passage of the same Salmonella serovar one month after treatment was almost twice as likely, which was statistically significant.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) assessing the accuracy of plasma interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. High heterogeneity of collected evidence regarding the main diagnosis (21 studies, 3650 adult patients), therefore the considerable heterogeneity in the collected data prevented us from calculating formal accuracy estimates. Using a fixed prevalence of 50% and a fixed specificity of 74%, we found that 66% (95% confidence interval 60 to 72) out of 1000 adult patients under suspicion of blood infection with IL-6 would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have blood infection. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants). All studies except one were at an unclear or high risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification, five trials that involved people undergoing what was considered 'contaminated' surgery, and the remaining studies including people undergoing a variety of surgical operations with different contamination classifications. The review contains 11 comparisons in total. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysed data below. It is uncertain whether wound exposure or any dressing reduces or increases the risk of skin infection compared with alternative options investigated: we assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of systematic errors and imprecision. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and wound closure.
We found two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. Sixty-one women completed the placebo arm, 44 of whom completed an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). There was a mean difference (MD) of -1.90 (95% confidence interval (CI) -3.92 to 0.12) of the self-reported EPDS completed by participants within eight weeks of delivery. This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with placebo. It randomised 126 women at risk of postpartum depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Three women in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm, and one woman in the placebo group were lost to follow up. The included study (n = 85) found an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.07). The trial had a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS.
We identified 11 studies: 7 evaluated different infusion durations (803 participants), and 4 evaluated different peak doses (5280 participants). Seven studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) addressing different anthracycline durations; we identified long-term follow-up data for one of the trials in this update. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumours. We found no significant difference in the occurrence of clinical heart failure in participants treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 versus 60 mg or more, one RCT addressing a liposomal dose (the 4-epi-isomer of doxarabicin) of 25 mg/ m2 versus 50 mg orm2, and the other four RCTs addressing different peak dose levels. A significant difference was identified in none of the studies. High or unclear 'Risk of bias' issues were present in all studies. Since there is only a small amount of data for children and data obtained in adults cannot be extrapolated to children, we can make no definitive conclusions about the risk of cardiotoxicity. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults and in leukaemias and leukaemic diseases.
We included 37 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3110 participants. Nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included during the 2017 update. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported death, 31 studies reported data for unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 studies reported pneumonia. Visual inspection of the results for these outcomes showed inconsistencies among studies, with differences in the direction of effect, and we did not pool these data for meta-analysis. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups, but differences in study data remained such that we could not perform a combined analysis. Studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. Heterogeneity was evident both in the trial designs and participant inclusion. Inconsistencies in results may be explained by heterogeneity among study participants or bias introduced by individual study methodology, but we were not able to explore this in detail in subgroup or analysis analyses. We used the GRADE approach to judge the quality of the evidence for each outcome and downgraded the evidence from very low to low. Despite a large number studies, there remains no high-quality evidence to support the use of low-temperature treatment in the treatment of people with traumatic brain injury.
Three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression, were identified. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence (level 2), based on the non-combined findings from three studies, indicating that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. The current evidence base is too heterogeneous and sparse to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness of the family therapy in the treatment of depression. At this point, use of psychological interventions for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy.
Three trials involving a total of 206 participants were included, all patients with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was a significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE (WMD 2.04, 95% CI 1.43 to 2.66). No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the included trials. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL. Of the three included trials, all described the adverse events in detail, there were no statistically significant differences across the trials. Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, caregiver burden were not undertaken in these trials. Due to the low methodological quality of included trials and small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of duloxetine for the treatment of patients with dementia. High-quality and large-scale randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
Seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 960 participants were identified. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which reduces the reliability of the evidence. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduces the odds of developing a seroma.
Eight studies with 390,769 participants were included. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The methodological quality was measured using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). The results form the studies assessing associations between flavonoids, colorectal cancer and adenomas were contradictory. There was no evidence that total flavonoid intake reduced the risk of colon cancer. The evidence for Isoflavones (3-Phenylchromones), Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was conflicting. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from two studies suggested that increased intake was associated with reduced risk of both colon cancer and colon adenoma. A statistically significant reduced risk was found with high intake of epicatechin. Procyanidin, phytoestrogen and anthocyanin were also found to be associated with lower risk of CRC. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence to support the use of high-flavonoid diets.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, extension of the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response according to both definitions (71/217 (32.7%) versus 52/194 (26.8%) and 265/499 (53.1%) versus 207/496 (41.7%), with a risk difference of 0.11 and calculated number needed to treat of nine. The end of treatment response was not significantly different between the two treatment groups. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions. The length of treatment did not significantly affect the adherence (247/279 (88.5%) versus 252/274 (92.0%); RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.07, P = 0.07). In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the treatments groups. All trials had high risk of bias.
Only two studies (34 participants) met the inclusion criteria of this systematic review. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic cancer. There was low concerns about applicability for most domains in both studies. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study. The mean probability of unresectable disease after EUS across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectable cancer after CT scan) and the summary estimate of specificity for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97). This means that 13% of people with positive EUS have potentially resectionable cancer and 20% (5% to 53%) of people who have negative EUS will have a tumour that will not be surgically removed. At the mean pre-test probability of 60% (before the test) for people with a positive EUs, the post test probability of the tumour not being removed would be 86.9% and the post-test likelihood of the same percentage would be 20.0%. The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 and 0.2 respectively.
We included 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) in this review: 20 studies (14 randomised controlled trials and 6 controlled clinical trials) included 1661 participants with anterior or mixed blepharyngitis and 14 studies (12 randomised clinical trials and 2 clinical trial studies) included 508 participants with posterior blepharryngitis. Due to the heterogeneity of study characteristics among the included studies, with respect to follow-up periods and types of interventions, comparisons, and condition of participants, our ability to perform meta-analyses was limited. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blephareitis. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic pain relief. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blephariasis. Commercial products are marketed to consumers and prescribed to patients without substantial evidence of effectiveness. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments.
We included one study with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. There is insufficient evidence from high-quality randomised controlled trials to determine whether photodynamic therapies alter the course of disease or provide an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be measured in future trials.
We included 42 studies with 4220 participants in this review. Twenty studies provided data on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the test was not clear. Eleven studies compared CE-CDUS with CDUS, and these studies were of better quality than the CDUS studies: five (45%) studies fulfilled the QUadAS items, but four (36%) studies did not report clearly the blinding or the standard interpretation; and two (18%) did not clearly report the time between the two tests. Based on the bivariate model, the summary estimates for CDUS were 0.82 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.66 to 0.91) for sensitivity and 0.93 for specificity. The improvement in sensitivity with of contrast use was statistically significant (P < 0.001). When regression testing showed evidence of statistically significant effect bias related to year of publication and study quality within individual participants based on the studies published before 2006, the sensitivity estimates were higher in studies published in 2006 and studies judged as low/unclear quality provided higher estimates.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants: four used injections, two subcutaneous, and one both. All reported on low back pain in labour only. Methodological quality was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported treatment group mean or median scores, finding greater reduction in pain for sterile water. However, failure to demonstrate a normal distribution for pain intensity or relief, and use of different scales, meant meta-analysis was inappropriate. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, mothers' satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain. Two studies reported that more women treated with sterile water would request the same analgesia in future.
Twelve trials with a total of 1932 participants were included in this review. The overall postoperative chronic pain in the glue group was reduced by 37% (OR 0.63, 95% CI 0.44 to 0.91; 10 studies, 1418 participants, low-quality evidence) compared with the suture group. However, the results changed when we conducted subgroup analysis with regard to the type of mesh. Subgroup analysis of included studies using lightweight mesh showed the reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. Fixation with glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. We also investigated adverse events. For superficial wound infection, mesh/deep infection, and seroma, there were no significant differences. Furthermore, we investigated seroma and persisting numbness. Finally, six trials involving 1009 participants reported postoperative length of stay. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and biological glue. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk of bias in at least one of the investigated domains.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references, but no difference was seen in the quality of abstracts in one study. Providing instructions to authors resulted in improved reporting of ethics requirements in one trial, but not in the other two trials. Structuring generally improved the quality, but increased the length of the articles. The reference accuracy studies showed a median citation error rate of 38% and the median quotation error rate was 20%. Surprisingly few studies have evaluated the effects of technical editing rigorously. However there is some evidence that the 'package of technical edited used by biomedical journals does improve papers.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported results for treatment periods separately. Twelve studies used codeine as a single agent and three combined it with paracetamol. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. There were insufficient data for any pooled analysis. Only two studies reported our preferred responder outcome of 'participants with at least 50% reduction in pain' and two reported participants with no worse than mild pain relief. Eleven studies reported treatment group mean measures of pain intensity or pain relief; overall for these outcome measures, codeine or codeine plus a placebo was numerically superior to placebo and equivalent to the active comparators. Adverse event reporting was poor: only 2 studies reported the number of participants with any adverse events specified by treatment group and only one report the number with any serious adverse events. In multiple-dose studies nausea, vomiting and constipation were common, with somnolence and dizziness (hypomanic state) also common.
We included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The heterogeneity of the included trials, which encompasses setting, inclusion and exclusion criteria, interventional method and time of assessment, ranged from 'not important' to'moderate to substantial' for different review outcomes. The overall risk of bias was low for selective reporting, unclear for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of participants and blinding of outcome assessment. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. Patient knowledge was assessed by four trials (160 participants) with moderate to substantial heterogeneity. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in an analysis. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial of 20 families, also showed an improvement. The effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs and symptoms leading to self-management. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No effects of educational programs were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and showed no evidence of an effect. With regard to the review's secondary outcomes, depression showed a statistically significant decline in intervention groups. The quality of evidence for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression was low.
We included six trials with 2411 participants in this review. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five trials included people with focal onset seizures only. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias, and four to have unclear risk. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes prespecified in the trial protocol. Another study did not describe how blinding was maintained, and another noted discrepancies in reporting. Participants receiving brivaracetam add-on were significantly more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those receiving placebo (moderate-quality evidence). We found no significant difference in the incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as in the risk of participants experiencing one or more adverse events. However, participants receiving placebo did appear to withdraw from treatment specifically because of adverse events compared with those receiving briaracetam (low-quality information). We judged the overall quality of the evidence to be moderate.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine, while others focused on other types of vaccines. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents. Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply (moderate confidence) and tailored to their situation (low confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them. Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions. Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high confidence). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. Further research, especially in rural and low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen evidence for the findings where we had low or very low confidence.
We included 10 trials with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants in this review. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (RR 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.51 to 0.97; 1 RCT, 40 participants; very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were also no differences in overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies or TAU. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. Larger RCTs of longer treatment duration and follow-up are needed.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to either perfluropropane gas (C3F8) gas or silicone oil. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil, which was either 1000 centistokes or 5000 centistsokes, per the surgeon's preference). In participants with RD associated with PVR (vitreoretinal membrane shrinkage or contraction secondary to the proliferation of primarily retinal pigment epithelial cells and glial cells, particularly fibrous astrocytes, followed by membrane formation), outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy were measured at a minimum of one year. There were no significant differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of the proportion of participants achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at two years. In addition, there was no significant difference between the two groups in the percentage of participants who achieved macular detachment after two years of follow-up. The quality of the evidence in this review was moderate to low.
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. Two fairly large, well-designed trials with overall low risk of bias contributed the majority of the evidence. There was a lower risk of composite maternal mortality and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early delivery (risk ratio (RR) 0.69, 95% CI 0.57 to 0.83, two studies, 1459 women (evidence graded high)). There were no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. We observed a high level of heterogeneity between the two studies in this analysis, so we did not pool data in meta-analysis. Planned early delivery was associated with less risk of HELLP syndrome and severe renal impairment in the mother (three studies, 1628 women; three studies) and more severe respiratory distress syndrome in the baby (four studies, 1585 infants). There was no clear difference between groups for caesarean section, or in the duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby, or for the baby. We did not have enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on composite infant deaths and severe complications. We graded the evidence as moderate to high quality. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making.
We included six studies (including 142 participants) in this review. Two studies compared three-times-a-week prophylactic administration with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. Pooled results from these two studies showed a rate ratio of 0.30 (95% confidence interval; 0.12 to 0.76) for all bleeding events and 0.22 for joint bleeding favouring proprophylaxis. One study showed a statistically significant decrease in frequency of joint bleeds with proproylaxis compared to placebo, with a rate difference of -10.73 bleeds per year. There is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to confirm the observational evidence that proprovylaxis decreases bleeding and related complications in patients with existing joint damage. Well-designed randomised trials and prospective observational controlled studies are needed.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions. In total, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. The evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error.
Two studies involving 447 (with sample sizes 14 and 432) RhD negative women were included in this review. The studies compared IM and IV administration of anti-D prophylaxis. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this uncommon outcome. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. The number of included studies and the number of participants are not enough to assess whether there are any differences. This review found insufficient information upon which to guide practice. The choice of IM or IV route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences.
We included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA trial which included patients who had multiple risk factors for coronary artery disease. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. Five included studies compared clopidogrel compared to placebo or aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or to aspirin alone. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared the drug to placebo and did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194 (11%) versus 356/3146 (11.3%), random effects odds ratio (OR) 0.81; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0 to 1.49) for ADP receptor antagonists versus other antiplatelet drugs. Overall the risk of bias of the trials was low.
Ten trials met the inclusion criteria with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention and one evaluated six-week interventions and one a three-month intervention. Six trials (151 participants) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Most trials had a low risk of bias with regard to incomplete outcome data and selective reporting. Three of the trials reported on two of the review's primary outcomes (quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing). Results for the reviews secondary outcome measures showed that they measured lung function, gas exchange, and sputum expectoration. We were unable to find any evidence to support the use of nasal masks or full face masks, but it did improve some lung function parameters. We found that people with cystic fibrosis may prefer to sleep on a ventilator with nasal masks when compared to oxygen or room air. We did not find evidence that using a mask or mask and mouthpiece improved quality of life, but we did find some evidence that it may be easier to clear the airway with a mask. We also found some evidence for improved lung function and improved gas exchange. The trials did not report on the number of people who had to be admitted to hospital because of sleep disturbance. We judged the overall quality of the evidence to be low due to the small number of trials and the small numbers of people included in the trials.
We included seven studies on 245 people with COPD. These studies compared nocturnal-NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable COPD to a control group that did not receive NIPPV. The mean six-minute walking distance (6MWD), health-related quality of life (HRQoL), forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), forced vital capacity (FVC), maximal inspiratory pressure (PImax) and sleep efficiency were measured. We obtained IPD for all participants in all included studies. The 95% confidence interval (CI) of all outcomes included zero. We found no consistent clinically or statistically significant effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, exercise capacity, lung function, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. We could not exclude an effect that is clinically significant (considering that the minimal clinically difference on 6MWD is around 26 m). However, the small sample sizes of these studies preclude a definite conclusion.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. It was not possible to blind women and staff to the intervention, but for other 'Risk of bias' domains these studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias. Compared to expectant management, there was no clear effect of induction of labour for suspected macrosomia on the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There were no clear differences between groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was no strong evidence of any difference between the induction and control groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia, low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven minutes) or low arterial cord blood pH (low quality evidence). Mean birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was considerable heterogeneity between studies for this outcome (mean difference (MD) -178 g, 95% confidence interval (CI) -315.26 to -40.81; 1190 infants; I2 = 89%). In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in women who had an induction. The unexpected observation of increased damage to the perineum, and the plausible, but of uncertain significance, observation of an increased use of phototherapy, led us to downgrade the quality of the evidence for these outcomes. We judged the evidence to be of moderate quality.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Ninety-four trials reported no mortality, and nine trials reported mortality but did not report in which intervention group the mortality occurred. Accordingly, 56 randomised trials with 95,286 participants provided usable data on mortality. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in 19 trials had vitamin D adequacy (at or above 20 ng/mL), and participants in the remaining 26 trials had Vitamin D insufficiency (less than 20 ng). Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together (12.5% vs 12.7%). When different forms of vitamin D were assessed in separate analyses, only vitamin D3 decreased mortality (11.0% vs 11.4%). More than 8% of participants dropped out. 'Worst-best case' and 'best-worst case' scenario analyses demonstrated that vitamin D could be associated with a dramatic increase or decrease in mortality.
This review found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can help people with obesity to lose weight. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. There is a paucity of data on other drugs, such as pseudoephedrine, ephedra, sertraline, yohimbine, bupropion, topiramate, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, and bromocriptine.
We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants in this review. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extracting aggregate data to synthesise the results as originally planned, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those chosen for the review. No significant differences favoured VGB or CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. Compared with CBZ, VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. Data are currently insufficient to address the risk-benefit balance of VGB versus CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. Given the high prevalence of vision field defects reported in an existing systematic review of observational studies (Maguire 2010), VGB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy and should not be considered a first-line choice. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Moreover, future monotherapy studies of epilepsy should report results according to the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and methodological quality should be improved.
We identified four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these trials closed early due to low numbers of participants and did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 people with both types of cancer. In both studies the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerixafor and the control group received placebo. The results showed no evidence for differences between the two groups regarding mortality at 12 months (600 participants) and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection (593 participants). Regarding the outcome successful stem cell collection, the meta-analysis showed an advantage for those participants randomised to the plasma-derived stem cell-mobilizing agent. In the multi-myeloma study, 95.9% (142 participants) in the plasma group and 88.3% (136 participants in the placebo arm underwent transplantation (high-quality evidence). However, there was high heterogeneity between studies for the number of transplanted participants, so we could not combine these data. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to high.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Cones were better than no active treatment (rate ratio (RR) for failure to cure incontinence 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.76 to 0.94). There was little evidence of difference for a subjective cure between cones and electrostimulation, but the confidence intervals were wide. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at economic outcomes. This review provides some evidence that weighted vaginal cones may be of some benefit in women with SUI. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
We included 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) in this review. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with usual care. The effect of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care, but the quality of the evidence was very low. This review demonstrates that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of interventions on anticoagulation control in AF patients and the mechanisms by which they are successful. Thus, more trials are needed. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
The review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 compared with placebo or no treatment probably reduces the likelihood of vaginal delivery not being achieved within 24 hours. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart rate changes is increased (4.8% versus 1.0%, risk ratio (RR) 3.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.67 to 5.98, 15 trials, 1359 women). The caesarean section rate is probably reduced by about 10%. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain. PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries (including sustained release preparations) appear to be as effective as each other, small differences are detected between some outcomes, but these maybe due to chance.
Five trials involving 247 infants were included in this review. When compared to incubator care, cot-nursing resulted in no significant difference in mean body temperature (four trials), though the one trial that reported on episodes of hyperthermia found this to be statistically more common in infants who received cot nursing. There were no statistically significant differences in weight gain. In the cot nursing group, fewer infants were breast fed on discharge from hospital and fewer infants died prior to hospital discharge but these results failed to reach statistical significance. The comparison of a heated water-filled mattress with an incubator, which included five trials and a total of 231 infants, produced similar results. In one trial involving 38 infants, the incubator group had a significantly smaller weight gain during week one compared to the nursery group. No significant difference was found for weeks two and three. As limited data is available, this method is not recommended as practice. This is especially the case in the situation of developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold teeth penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time. Individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques. Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review; however, we considered the evidence to be low- to very low-quality. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three trials, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol E1) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The evidence is current to January 2015. The results of the three trials did not show that the use of these drugs reduced the rate of manual removal of the placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion, mean blood loss and the mean time from injection to placental removal (7 minutes). Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglands.
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker babies). For this update, we included no new trials. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation), lower overall mortality and lower mortality in infants with birth weight above 1500 g. We found no difference in bronchopulmonary dysplasia or newborn infants with respiratory distress syndrome (BPD), defined as oxygen dependency at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants). Use of CDP was associated with increased risk of pneumothorax (an abnormal build-up of air in the airways). The number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) was 17, 95% CI 17.00 to 25.00.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. Currently there is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes than other types of dressing however all trials in this field are very small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as dressing cost and the wound management properties offered by each dressing type e.g. exudate management.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. The trial showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher proportion of participants with pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function. No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants in the trial did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment. This trial had methodological limitations, and was relatively small. Regarding pain relief, surgical intervention was superior to endoscopy. Morbidity and mortality seem not to differ between the two intervention modalities, but the small trials identified do not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome.
Only one randomised controlled trial was identified for inclusion in this review. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. Patients were randomised to early post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) (n = 415) or delayed post-operatively bathing (dressings to be retained for at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of normal bathing). The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection (SSI). There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of patients who developed SSIs between the two groups (857 patients; RR 0.96; 95% CI 0.62 to 1.48). The proportions of patients with SSIs were 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8% in delayed bathing group. There is currently no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus delayed postoperative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications, as the confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in SSI by early bathing cannot be ruled out.
We found only one randomised controlled trial comparing oral prednisolone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. This trial did not measure the primary outcome for this review. The trial had a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral corticosteroids compared to no treatment, because the quality of evidence from the only RCT that exists is very low. One prednisone-treated participant died. A double-blind RCT comparing a daily standard-dose oral steroid with a monthly high dose of oral dexamethasone in 40 participants reported none of the outcomes we were interested in. There was little or no difference in number of participants who achieved remission, or change in disability or impairment after one year (low-quality evidence). Change of grip strength or Medical Research Council (MRC) scores demonstrated no difference between groups. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except for sleeplessness, which was less common with the monthly dose, and moon facies (the shape of the face), which was more common with daily doses. The quality of the evidence was limited as it came from a single small study. Nevertheless, we are confident in the findings of this review, which are based on very low quality evidence.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 people with asthma. Four studies compared remote check-ups with face-to-face consultations, and one study compared the two types of check-up for oral steroid tapering in severe refractory asthma. We could not say whether more people who had a remote checkup needed oral corticosteroids for an asthma exacerbation than those who were seen face to-face because the confidence intervals (CIs) were very wide (OR 1.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 7.44; 278 participants; one study; low quality evidence). In the study comparing the two groups, 21 out of 1000 people had an asthma attack that required oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 (95% CI nine to 139) out of 100 people in the remote check up group. Serious adverse events were not reported. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results. Exacerbations that needed treatment in the Emergency Department (ED), hospital admission or an unscheduled healthcare visit all happened too infrequently to detect whether remote checkups are a safe alternative.
Three out of 16 identified studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 212 participants. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 methodological criteria. The results suggest that the outcome measures all favoured the exercise therapy but none were statistically significant. None of the studies reported negative effects of exercise therapy. Overall, based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) there was no clinically important or statistically significant evidence that exercise therapy can improve functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity or pain. Both included and excluded studies showed that exercise does not exacerbate arthritis. Although the short-term effects look promising, the long-term effect of exercise therapies remains unclear. The low number of available RCTs limits the generalisability. The large heterogeneity in outcome measures, as seen in this review, emphasises the need for a standardised assessment or a core set of functional and physical outcome measurements suited for health research.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with intensive care unit patients). The evidence is current to May 2015. For outpatient patients (with mild to moderate exacerbations), evidence of low quality suggests that currently available antibiotics significantly reduced the risk for treatment failure between seven days and one month after treatment initiation. The effect was statistically significant when trials included older antibiotics no longer in clinical use. Evidence of moderate quality does not show that currently used antibiotics significantly reduce the risk of treatment failure among patients with severe exacerbations, but trial results remain uncertain. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failure (moderate-quality evidence; in absolute terms, reduction in treatment failures from 295 to 212 per 1000 treated participants, 95% CI 165 to 277). Length of hospital stay (in days) was similar in antibiotic and placebo groups. Only one trial (N = 35) reported health-related quality of life but did not show a statistically significant difference between treatment and control groups. One trial reported no effects of antibiotics on mortality between two and six weeks after the start of treatment. The quality of the evidence from two trials including inpat patients shows no beneficial effects of antibiotic treatment on mortality, but the trial results are uncertain. In ICU patients, the quality of evidence was moderate for the reduction in the number of re-exacerbations (i.e. hospital stay) and adverse events, but was low for the length of stay in hospital.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) in this review. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. Overall, we found no difference between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol (mean difference 0.07, 95% confidence interval -0.07 to 0.21; 6 studies (7 comparisons); 722 participants; low-quality evidence). Using GRADE, we assessed the overall quality of the available evidence on cholesterol as low. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors such as cholesterol. Trials were small and had a small number of participants and were relatively short-term interventions. There was a need for well-designed, adequately powered trials with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review included 28 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Three small studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after conservative orthopaedic management. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. Using a removable type of immobilisation to enable controlled exercise significantly reduced activity limitation in five of the eight studies reporting this outcome, reduced pain (number of participants with pain at the long term follow-up: 10/35 versus 25/34 participants) and reduced the number of people with pain in 10 studies compared with cast immobilisation alone. In 10 studies, the use of the same type of non-invasive immobilisation combined with exercise was compared with casting immobilisation. In one study, hypnosis was not shown to be effective in reducing activity or improving other outcomes after 12 weeks. There is a need for more research in this area. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Rehabilitation.
Four studies met the inclusion criteria. No single intervention was evaluated by more than one trial. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. Two were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were non-randomised trials. An RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. Two RCTs of caregiver medication diaries showed that the intervention group had fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control group (85% vs 92%, respectively), although this difference was not statistically significant (p=.08). The intervention did not affect CD4 percentage or viral load, and the percentage of children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen and those on a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase (NNRTI-containing) regimen. However, the proportion of children achieved virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LVP/r regimen compared to those on the NRTI regimen, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. Peer support group therapy for adolescents demonstrated no change in self-reported adherence, yet demonstrated greater viral load suppression compared to control groups. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART are needed.
This review of five studies (696 participants) found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative pain, based on limited data for at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. No serious adverse events or adverse event withdrawals were reported in these studies.
Six trials were included; three of these trials are new to this update. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. The trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857 women). Two trials included women having prolapse and compared it as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Further evidence relating to effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of PFMT, of different intensities, for symptomatic prolapse in the medium and long term is needed.
Fourteen trials (1,724 analysed participants or ears) were included in this review. Topical quinolone antibiotics were better than no drug treatment at clearing discharge at one week: relative risk (RR) was 0.45 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.34 to 0.59) (two trials, N = 197). No statistically significant difference was found between these two types of antibiotics at weeks one or three: pooled RR were 0.89 and 0.97 (0.54 to 1.72) in two trials, respectively. Meanwhile, non-quinolone antibiotic results compared to antiseptics were more mixed, changing over time (four trials, 254). Evidence regarding safety was generally weak.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS correctly identified people with schizophrenia from all other diagnoses with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%) and a specificity of 81% (74% to 87.1%) In seven studies, it correctly differentiated schizophrenia from non-psychotic mental health disorders with an accuracy of 58%, (50% to 65%). In sixteen studies it correctly identified schizophrenia from other types of psychosis with a accuracy of 74% (65.7% to 82.3%). The synthesis of old studies of limited quality in this review indicates that the use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia.
We included 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update; all interventions were adjuncts to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychological study. Some included studies had methodological weaknesses; for example, we judged four studies to have high risk of detection bias, attrition bias, or other bias. Our primary outcomes were participant-rated global assessment, reduction in disease severity (reported as objective SCORAD), and improvement in sleep and quality of life. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in the severity of atopic dermatitis, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. Improvements in objective severity by age group were as follows: age 3 months to 7 years = 4.2, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.7 to 6.8; age 8 to 12 years = 6.7; and age 13 to 18 years = 9.9. In three of the five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objective severity measure was statistically significantly better in the intervention group compared with the usual care groups. However, in all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2 for objective SCRAD. In the largest study, parents of children under seven years had significantly better improvements in the education group on all five subscales of the German 'Quality of life' questionnaire, a validated tool with five scales, when compared with controls. Parents of children aged eight to 13 years experienced significant improvements in 3 of the 5 subscales, and those of children of eight years and older had better improvements on 3 of 5 scales. No study reported on the quality of sleep. This update has incorporated five new RCTs using educational interventions. All studies were conducted in primary care settings, and all studies were designed to reduce the severity and duration of the disease, and to improve sleep. The evidence is current to September 2015.
Fourteen trials contributed to this review (753 participants). These small trials suggest that for people with LRTI affecting tissues of the head, neck, anus and rectum, HBOT is associated with improved outcome. There was some moderate quality evidence that HBOT was more likely to achieve mucosal coverage with osteoradionecrosis (ORN) (risk ratio (RR) 1.3; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1 to 1.6, P value = 0.003, number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 5; 246 participants, 3 studies). There was also a significantly improved chance of wound breakdown without HBOT following operative treatment for ORN. From single studies there was a significantly increased chance of improvement or cure following HBOT for radiation proctitis, and following both surgical flaps and hemimandibulectomy. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. The application of HBOT did not appear to have any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. These trials did not report adverse events.
We found 10 studies involving 2961 participating surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section and two on vaginal repair, and two studies on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. In four studies, surgeons used blunt needles to close the incisions and reported fewer needle stick injuries. Because the force needed for the blunt needle is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was high. There is high quality evidence that using blunt needles reduces the risk of exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review currently includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low or very low. There was no significant difference in numbers with at least one adverse effect between the two drugs in terms of response to treatment, number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason as well as incoordination, rigor and side effects. However, movement disorders were more frequent in the triffluoperazine group compared with the other drugs. There were also no significant differences in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of people leaving early from the studies.
We found nine randomised controlled trials including 593 preterm infants. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain, and provide some evidence that it reduces the time taken for infants to transition from enteral tube to oral feeding. The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong and consistent evidence that responsiveness to feeding affects important outcomes for preterm babies or their families. Some (low quality of evidence exists) evidence exists that infants fed in response to feeding and satiation cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included studies. A large study would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding affects other important outcomes.
Two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants were included in this review. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One randomised trial showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo (mean difference (MD 0.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.11, P < 0.001) and in people who received 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) versus placebo. No major events were reported. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies, with data from 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. This study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The authors reported a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm of the study that was incentivised with a fee- for-service payment. The second study was a parallel group design undertaken over a three-year period to compare the impact on primary care dentists’ clinical activity when capitation payments were compared with fees for service payments. The participants tended to see their patients less frequently and tended to carry out fewer fillings and extractions, but also tended to give more preventive advice. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes, as assessed using the GRADE approach.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. The evidence for a 14% relative reduction in preterm birth for zinc compared with placebo was primarily represented by trials involving women of low income and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality. There was no convincing evidence that zinc supplementation during pregnancy results in other useful and important benefits. Since the preterm association could well reflect poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in impoverished areas, rather than focusing on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation in isolation, should be an urgent priority.
Ten randomised controlled trials (1656 participants) met our inclusion criteria, and pharmaceutical industry funded none of these trials. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure or cure rate at three months. Low and very low quality evidence shows that, compared with conventional treatment, the use of probiotics could increase the rates of clinical cure, mycologic cure and relapse rate and decrease the relapse rate after one month but this does not mean that probiotics are more effective than conventional treatment. We found no eligible RCTs for outcomes such as time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness. There is a need for well-designed randomised trials with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size. Probiotics use does not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events.
We included seven trials (involving 696 participants) in this update of the review. The included trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Downgrading of evidence was based on the high risk of bias in six of the seven included trials and a small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes. Treatment of miscarriage with progestogens compared to placebo or no treatment probably reduces the risk of miscarriage; (risk ratio (RR) 0.64, 95% CI 0.47 to 0.87; 7 trials; 696 women; moderate-quality evidence). We are uncertain if treatment of threatened miscarriage with the use of progestogen compared to no treatment, probably has little or no effect in reducing the miscarriage rate. However treatment with vaginal progesterone compared to vaginal placebo probably has no effect on miscarriage rate (RR 0.75, 95%. Moderate-quality-evidence). The subgroup interaction test indicated no difference according to route of administration between the oral and vaginal subgroups of progsterone. The evidence on the rate of preterm birth (less than 37 weeks and 0 days gestational age) was assessed as low-quality due to the low number of women in the trials and the wide confidence interval for the results. We judged the overall quality of evidence to be moderate.
We identified a large number of trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy (n = 83) but only five of these studies were eligible for inclusion in the review, i.e. a total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic retina disease and one trial recruited mainly people with retinal hemorrhage and exudate, but without proliferation of the blood vessels. Four of the studies evaluated panretinal (the part of the retina that surrounds the lens) photocoating with argon laser and one study investigated selective photocoaling of non-perfusion areas. All five studies compared laser treatment with currently available lasers to no (or deferred) laser treatment. At 12 months there was little difference between eyes that received laser treatment and those allocated to no treatment, in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity (2 RCTs, low quality evidence). Longer term follow-up did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% reduction in risk of vision loss at five years with laser treatment, and treatment with laser reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic Retinopathy with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduced risk of progression. All studies were at risk of performance bias because the treatment and control were different and no study attempted to produce a sham treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%); the mean age was 65 years. Compared to oxygen therapy, CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (low quality evidence) with a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome of 11. There was very low quality evidence that the intervention may also reduce ICU length of stay (mean difference (MD) -1.84 days; 95% confidence interval (CI) -3.53 to -0.15). We found no differences in mortality between the intervention and oxygen therapy groups. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that CPAP, compared to oxygen, may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention. However, the trials included in this systematic review did not present data on the following outcomes that we intended to assess: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. We judged both trials at high risk of bias.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief were used, and thus results could not be combined in a meta-analysis. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). With regard to the primary outcomes, women in one small trial were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective compared with women receiving vinyanaesthesia for forceps delivery. In a further small trial, no significant difference was seen in the number of women judging their pain reduction as effective when diazepram was compared with ketamine. In the trial that compared spinal pain relief with pudental nerve blocks, there were no significant differences in pain relief between the two groups. In conclusion, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of anaesthetic agents for pain relief during childbirth.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 people with asthma. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture (brand name of a calcium supplement drug), and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in at least one domain for the remainder. There was some evidence that yoga may improve quality of life (MD in Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ) score per item 0.57 units on a 7-point scale, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.77; 5 studies; 375 participants), improve asthma symptoms, and reduce medication usage. The MD for AQLQ score exceeded the minimal clinically important difference (MCID) of 0.5, but whether the mean changes exceeded the MCID for asthma symptoms is uncertain due to the lack of an established MCID in the severity scores used in the included studies. Two studies indicated improved asthma control, but due to very significant heterogeneity (I2 = 98%) we did not pool data. The effects of yoga on change from baseline forced expiratory volume in one second were not statistically significant. No serious adverse events associated with yoga were reported, but the data on this outcome was limited. We found moderate-quality evidence to support the suggestion that yoga probably leads to small improvements in asthma symptoms and lung function. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects and its impact on lung function and medication usage, and more research is needed to confirm the effects.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) in this review. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data for the reporting of the primary outcome of the review, which was the percentage change in muscle strength score at six months. Pooled data from two trials of interferon beta-1a (n = 58) identified no important difference in normalised manual muscle strength sum scores from baseline to six months (mean difference (MD) -0.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.15 to 0.03). A single trial of methotrexate (N = 44) provided moderate-quality evidence that MTX did not arrest or slow disease progression, based on percentage change (MD 12.50%, 95% CI 2.43 to 22.57). None of the fully published trials were adequately powered to detect a treatment effect. Data from trials of oxandrolone versus placebo, azathioprine (AZA) versus placebo and anti-T lymphocyte immunoglobulin (ATG) combined with MTX versus MTX provided very low quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy. We were unable to perform a meta-analysis because of variations in study analysis and presentation of trial data, with no access to the primary data for re-analysis.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3144 participants that compared linezolid with vancomycin for the treatment of people with SSTIs. The evidence is current to May 2013. We found that people treated with linezolol were more likely to be cured of their infections than those treated with vancycin. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two treatments. No RCT reported SSTI-related and treatment-related mortality. It seems, from the available data, that length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the lineZolid group than the vancomYcin group. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus, and rash in those who were treated with oral linezoli, however, more people reported thrombocytopenia, and nausea and vomiting. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral than with intravenous therapy.
We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 512 participants. Our critical appraisal revealed vast heterogeneity with respect to methodological quality and outcome parameters. Current evidence suggests no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
Six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants were included in this review. The effect of calcium channel blockers on the risk of death was reported in five of the RCTs. The pooled odds ratio (OR) for the five studies was 0.91 (95% confidence interval [95% CI] 0.70 to 1.16). For the five RCTS that reported death and severe disability (unfavourable outcome), the pooled OR 0.97 was the most reliable estimate. In the two trials which reported death in a subgroup of traumatic subarachnoid haemorrhage patients, the pooledOR 0.59 was the least reliable estimate of the effect. Three trials reported death or severe disability as an outcome in this subgroup, and the pooled ANR 0.67.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to be at a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to have a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (12.54%). When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year, we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either intervention. Owing to the low quality of available evidence, we have been unable to determine conclusively whether giving CPR and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrillators are similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. We could not conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared GnRH long protocol with stop protocol and GnRH antagonist protocol. Three trials were eligible for inclusion. Ten trials involving eight different comparison groups have been included. Only one trial reported live birth rates. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. The number of oocytes retrieved were significantly less in the conventional GnRHa long protocol compared to stop protocol. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was significantly higher in the GnRH a long protocol group compared to the stop protocol group. Cancellation rates were significantly higher with GnRH antagonists. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or ovulation induction.
We included 53 randomised controlled trials with a total of 53 participants. Family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations and would therefore be of interest to people with schizophrenia, clinicians and policy makers. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings. We did not find data to suggest that family intervention either prevents or promotes suicide.
We included three trials that randomized a combined total of 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. Most participants were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. We found no clear differences in death between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty. DEBs showed better outcomes for target lesion revascularization and binary stenosis at six and 12 months. Participants treated with DEBs also showed improvement of one or more Rutherford categories. Data were insufficient for subgroup or subgroup analyses to be conducted. Based on a meta-analysis of three trials with 263 participants, evidence suggests an advantage for DEBs in terms of narrowing of the femoral artery. The certainty of evidence presented was very low for the outcomes of amputation, target lesions recurrence, binary lesions recurrences, and death.
We included seven trials with 922 participants in this review. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. On pooled analysis, corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities without resultant serious adverse events (no events, 737 participants) and mortality. Corticosteroid treatment also reduced the duration of fever (mean difference (MD) −1.65 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) −3.31 to 0.00; 210 participants; 2 studies; I² = 88%), time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP)) to normalise and length of hospital stay (MD −2.80 days; 178 participants; 1 study). No studies detailed outcomes beyond 24 weeks. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. We are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work. Evidence was considered moderate for duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash) due to potential subjectivity in measurement of these outcomes and because only one study recorded this outcome. The evidence was considered high quality for the incidence of serious side effects (deaths), mortality and time for clinical symptoms and laboratory parameters to return to normal status (MD -1.41 days; 95% CI -2.36 to −0.46; 39 participants; one study). Evidence was graded as high quality due to possible inconsistencies in data geography and patient benefits according to grouping. Moderate-quality evidence shows that use of steroids can reduce the occurrence of heart attacks without the need for coronary artery bypass grafts. However, further randomised controlled trials are required before this can be the basis for clinical action.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies involved comparisons of PIP with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. Six studies contributed data to the PIP versus control comparisons producing 19 meta-analyses of outcomes measured at post-intervention or follow-up, or both, for the primary outcomes of parental depression (both dichotomous and continuous data), measures of parent-child interaction, infant behaviour and other outcomes (e.g. maternal sensitivity, child involvement and parent engagement), infant attachment category (secure, avoidant, disorganised, resistant), attachment change (insecure to secure, stable secure, secure to insecure, stable insecure), and infant cognitive development. The results favoured neither PIP nor control for incidence of parent depression or parent-reported levels of depression. We assessed potential bias (random sequence generation, allocation concealment, incomplete outcome data, selective reporting, blinding of participants and personnel to the intervention, and blinding of outcome assessment, and other bias). Four studies were at low risk of bias in four or more domains. Five studies did not provide adequate information for assessment of risk-of bias in at least one domain (rated as unclear). The overall quality of the evidence was low.
We found one new study in this updated version. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). The low quality of evidence showed no significant differences in average Apgar scores at one minute (N = six trials, 519 participants; 95% confidence (CI) -0.16 to 0.31, P = 0.53) and at five minutes. None of the 11 trials reported maternal desaturation. The very low quality evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher oxygen saturation, maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood and UvPO2) and there was high heterogeneity among these outcomes. The results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence. Overall, we found no convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six intervention groups in four trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. Notable heterogeneity occurred among these trials (I2 = 96.3%). Two trials reported on the proportion of self-reported adherent patients, reporting a reduction in the intervention group which was not statistically significant (odds ratio = 0.89 (95% CI 0.56 to 1.40)). We conducted meta-analysis on data from two trials assessing the effect of reminder packaging on blood pressure measurements. We found that reminder packaging significantly decreased diastolic blood pressure (MD = -5.89 mmHg). No effect was seen on systolic (MD -1.01, 95% CI -2.22 to 0.20; P = 0). We also found a significant reduction in glycated haemoglobin levels, although there was considerable heterogeneity among the trials. No appropriate data were available for analysis of remaining clinical outcomes, which included serum vitamin C and E levels, and patient-reported psychological symptoms (one trial each). We reported remaining data narratively. Reminder packing may represent a simple method for improving adherence for selected conditions. Further research is warranted to improve the design and targeting of these devices. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels.
We identified a total of 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, liver injury, or perioperative morbidity. There was no significant difference in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. Trimetazidine had a significantly shorter hospital stay than control (MD 3.00 days; 95% CI -3.57 to -2.43). However, there is a high risk for type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of systematic errors.
We included 61 studies; 46 for prevalence, six for both prevalence and risk factors, and nine not meeting the inclusion criteria, but assessing risk factors. The 52 studies evaluating the prevalence of renal dysfunction included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The prevalence of adverse renal effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to diversity of included malignancies, received treatments, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. Seven out of 52 studies, including 244 participants, reported chronic kidney disease, which ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of the 36 studies that studied a decreased (estimated) GFR, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in between 0% and 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessed a total cohort of CCS and found nephrectomy and (high-dose) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased GFR. The majority also reported cisplatin as a risk factor. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer follow to-up period with kidney dysfunction. However, studies were contradictory and incomparable. None of the included studies assessed hypophosphata (a drug used to treat kidney damage), which is an important risk factor for kidney disease. The evidence is up to date to January 2015.
Two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® were included in this review. The results from the Phase IIB (pivotal) trial (the most recent available data) suggest that people with sickle cell disease who received Nipri® experienced fewer episodes of severe pain crises over a six-month follow-up period. It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia (low-quality evidence). No serious adverse effects were reported. The single trial of Cajanus cajan reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on anaemia, but the results of its multicentre trials are awaited. Currently no conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of this drug.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants. Two studies compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy in individuals with early-stage HL and negative PET scans. One study was published in abstract form only; hence, detailed assessment of the risk of bias was not possible. The studies were reported as randomised controlled trials, but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. The study design of the third study was more complex. Participants were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials only 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET- positive, or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. To date, data have been published for those participants who received chemotherapy but no radiotherapy, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Progression-free survival was shorter in those participants receiving chemotherapy without radiotherapy than in those receiving standard treatment with radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy versus radiotherapy (standard therapy). Short-term adverse events only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms (very-low-quality evidence). No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. No robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, QoL (the quality of life), or short- and long-lasting adverse events are available. We judged the overall potential risks of bias as moderate.
We found 31 trials that met the inclusion criteria. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. No new trials were eligible in 2014. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences from levonorgestrel Cocs were inconsistent. A meta-analysis of two studies showed the desosorbide COC group had a higher mean fasting glucose than the levo-COC group (MD -204.51; 95% CI -389.64 to -19.38). Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five compared C. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin and insulin area under the curve (AUC) than the C. Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower AUC and higher means for two-hour glucose response (MD 1.08, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.45 to 1.71). Three trials examined the etonogestREL vaginal ring and one examined an implant. None of the trials reported on quality of life. The evidence is current to January 2015.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) in this review. Nine trials (549 participants) showed that exercise reduced pain and improved physical function immediately after treatment. Pain and physical function were estimated to be 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function). Exercise reduced pain by an equivalent of 8 points (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 11 points; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 6) and 7 points, respectively. Only three small studies (183 participants) evaluated quality of life, with overall low quality evidence, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. Moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 participants) indicated an increased likelihood of withdrawal from the exercise allocation compared with the control group, but this difference was not significant (risk difference 1%; 95% CI -1% to 4%). Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. We considered that seven of the 10 included trials had a low risk of bias. However, the results may be vulnerable to performance and detection bias as none of the trials were able to blind participants to treatment allocation and, while most RCTs reported blinded outcome assessment, pain, physical function and quality of lives were participant self reported. One of the studies was only reported as a conference abstract and did not provide sufficient data for the evaluation of bias risk.
We included nine high-quality randomised controlled trials with 260 participants in this review. Six trials compared exercise therapy versus no exercise therapy, whereas three trials compared two interventions that both met our definition of exercise therapy. The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups.
Only one trial including 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants) contributed information to this review. The trial had a high risk of bias. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35 (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis, empyema of the gallbladder perforation (1), acute cholangitis (2), acute cholecrosis (3) and acute acute pancreatitis (4). No serious adverse events related to the surgery were reported. The delay in the operation compared with the early operation was due to complications that developed during the waiting period.
We included 11 trials in this review. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of evidence for our outcomes. Overall, long-term antibiotic prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI (plausible effects range between a 76% to a 0.26% relative reduction in SSI). There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-term antibiotics compared with a single dose (low-quality evidence). No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome.
We included one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important outcome differences between the two policies. This review is unable to draw any firm conclusions regarding preterm birth for infants with gastroschisis. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We included three studies in adults with cancer pain lasting up to one week; 122 participants were randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. All used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). Other non-opioid drugs included non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics. We found no studies in children. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; people with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; or participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference between placebo and placebo when added to another treatment. Measures of harm (serious side effects, other adverse events, and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. Our GRADE assessment of evidence quality was very low for all outcomes, because studies were at high risk of bias from several sources. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of paracetamic acid alone or in combination with opioids for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain management plan.
The review of 15 trials found that astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin and oryzanol and rice embryo oil extract were the most commonly evaluated drugs. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. All results are vulnerable to considerable bias. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 195 participants with MS. Two trials investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three trials investigated expiratory muscle exercises with a trigger device; and one trial investigated regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out of the trials; trials reported no serious adverse events. We pooled and analyzed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory (elevated inspiratory) muscle training versus no active control or sham training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. We found no significant difference in maximal inspiratory pressure (mean difference (MD) 6.50 cmH2O, 95% confidence interval (CI) −7.39 to 20.38, P = 0.36, I2 = 0) or maximal expirational pressure (MD 8.33 cmH 2O; 95% CI −0.93 to 17.59, P < 0.05, I 2 = 0). However, there was a significant benefit on the predicted maximum inspiratory pressures, with a mean difference of 20.92 cm H2O (MD 6.03 to 35.81, P= 0.006, I1 = 18%). Meta-analysis with a random-effects model failed to show a significant difference between groups with regard to maximal exppiratory pressure or peak flow pooling. These studies did not report outcomes for health-related quality of life. Three RCTs compared expiratories with no active training versus active control and sham training. These trials did not show any significant differences between groups. For all predetermined secondary outcomes, such as forced expairatory volume, forced vital capacity, forced pooling and peak flow, it was not possible to determine a difference between the two groups. However, two trials on inspiratory muscles training did show a beneficial effect. One trial assessed quality of lives, finding no differences between the groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low.
This review included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised, with only 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This RCT compared the effect of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication found no statistically significant difference in the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia and neonatal bleeding. Review authors conducted an intention-to-treat analysis which showed similar findings: RR 1.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.62 to 2.05, respectively. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and newborn intracranial bleeding were not studied by this RCT. This Cochrane review does not provide evidence about other medical treatments for ITP during pregnancy. This systematic review also identifies the need for well-designed, adequately powered randomised clinical trials for this medical condition in pregnancy. Unless randomised trials provide evidence of a treatment effect and the trade-off between potential benefits and harms are established, policy-makers, clinicians, and academics should not use the corticosteroid betametasone for treating ITP.
We identified two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. No postoperative graft failures were reported in either study. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK (odds ratio (OR): 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE rating: moderate). Results of the analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% CI, suggesting an imprecise estimate. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent.
We included 67 trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women; the number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with endpoint haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron supplements were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (mean difference (MD) 5.30, 95% CI 4.14 to 6.45, 51 studies, 6861 women, high quality evidence). Five studies recruiting 521 women identified an increased prevalence of gastrointestinal side effects in women taking iron supplements. Six studies recruiting 604 women reported an increased likelihood of loose stools/diarrhoea. Seven trials recruiting 901 women reported on 'any side effect' and did not identify an overall increased risk of side effects or mortality. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low.
We included five studies with a total of 1,726 patients in this review. There was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment over irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine treatment. Longer progression-free survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy, however, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment setting study. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed to be low to moderate quality. Given the low and moderate quality of the evidence, future studies with sufficient numbers of patients in each treatment arm are needed.
Due to the differences in the method of assessment, the variability of data and the heterogeneity of the participant groups it was difficult to pool some of the outcome data. Despite these limitations and potentially significant biases related to methodological quality there was evidence to suggest that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests a transversely incision is less painful and may look better. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. The analgesia use and the pulmonary compromise may be reduced but this does not seem to be significant clinically as pulmonary complication rates and recovery time were the same. The optimal incision (particularly with regard to analgesic use) should be treated with caution.
We included a total of nine randomised controlled trials (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. People with subacute LBP who received MBR compared to usual care had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work, and fewer sick leave days, at 12-month follow-up. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms of clinical meaningfulness, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief interventions with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in pain, functional disability, and time away from work. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. No adverse events were reported in any of the studies. All included studies were judged as having high risk of performance bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens. There was no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response (3 trials; 876 participants; low quality evidence). We found no clinically relevant differences in mortality (9 trials; 2450 participants; moderate quality evidence) in participants with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. In absolute terms, bisph phosphonates resulted in a pain response in 40 more participants per 1000 (19 fewer to 114 more). We also found no difference in deaths (16 fewer to 47 fewer). Outcome definition of quality of life and the measurement tools varied greatly across trials and we were not able to extract any quantitative data for meta-analysis. Bisphosphosphonates probably increased the number of participants affected by nausea (nine trials; 3008 participants; high quality evidence), but probably reduced the incidence of skeletal-related events in participants who had metastatic prostate cancer.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1093 patients. Four trials were in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapsed patients. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation or transfer within the same species are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias are uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We found a statistically significant increased PFS in newly untreated FL patients in the HDT + ASCT arm (HR = 0.42 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33 to 0.54; P < 0.00001). However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage in the control arm. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab (used in the treatment of LEUKEMIA; LYMPHOMA and RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS) to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to the statistically significant PFS advantage. In the four trials in patients with previously untreated FL there are no statistically significant differences between HDT+ASCT and the control-arm in terms of TRM, secondary acute myeloid leukaemia/myelodysplastic syndromes, solid cancers or solid cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT plus ASCT. Overall, the quality of the five trials is rated to be moderate.
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of performance bias within the trials but overall, risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear. Data showed WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment (1 RCT n = 72, RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.73, low-quality evidence). However, when WDD was compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, no difference in global state and mental state was observed. However, there were fewer extrapyramidal effects (EPS) in the WDD group compared with other treatments (2 RCTs 0/70 versus 47/70, n = 140). WDD is often used as an add-on intervention alongside antipsychotics. When WDD + antipsychopa was compared to antipsychophotics alone, the combination group had better global state (short-term results, 6 trials, 684 participants). There was no effect on weight gain (1 trial, 108 participants) but there was a reduction in the number of people with EPS (2 trials, 308 participants) and reduction of the mean use of risperidine (one trial, 107 participants). The quality of the evidence ranged from low to moderate.
We found three new studies (228 participants) for this update, bringing the total to 12 studies with 799 participants. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root resorption. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment (mean difference (MD) -7.5 mm per month, 95% confidence interval (CI) -26.27 to 11.27; 1 study, 48 participants; low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (MD -2.68 mm). 2. Conventional NiTi versus thermoelastic NiTi arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. Pain was not measured. The evidence is current to May 2015. 3. Con conventional NiTi compared with thermolybdenum (a synthetic material). There were three studies, but we did not have enough data to assess whether there was any difference between these two materials with regard to either alignment or pain (low- to very low- quality evidence). 4. Non-stainless steel versus synthetic materials. There was no evidence from the studies to assess if there is any difference in rates of alignment between the two materials (moderate- or low- or very low quality evidence), pain, or whether there were any differences between them. 5. Alloys versus conventional materials. We found no evidence of a difference between alloys and synthetic materials in terms of pain, but there was insufficient evidence to assess the rate of re-arrangement of the tooth. 6. Alloy versus thermoset (a type of material). We found two studies, which were not large enough to assess any differences in pain between the materials. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of alignment and pain, and low for the other outcomes. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of low risk.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) looking at the effectiveness of de-escalation in older people with dementia. We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria. This study included 306 people with an average age of 86 years. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), and the Observation Scale (OS). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items); Verbally Non-aggressive Behaviour such as repetition (four items); Physically aggressive Behaviour (nine items) such as hitting (three items). Four of the five CMAIs improved in the intervention group. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. There was no difference in change scores on the Physically Aggressive scale (MD -0.08 points, 95% CI −0.37 to 0.21). Using GRADE guidelines, we rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. We also identified one ongoing study.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared frequencies of application of topical skin products. The data were not suitable for a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity in participant population, products, skin care procedures, outcomes, and measurement tools. Little evidence exists on the effects of interventions for preventing and treating IAD in adults. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD (primary outcomes of this review). The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use (low to very low quality evidence). The second trial, being a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties, might be better than soap (moderate quality evidence), and the third trial, using a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be less effective than not applying any skin care product. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 333 participants in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The type of antiviral, administration route, and treatment duration varied between the trials. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The antiviral drugs in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. The diagnosis of IM was based on clinical symptoms and laboratory parameters. The risk of bias for all included studies was either unclear or high. The quality of evidence was graded as very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the treatment group but with wide confidence intervals (CIs -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Prospective studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine. Insulin was dosed once-daily in the evening with the option of an additional dose in the morning in three studies and initiated twice daily in one study. Of randomised patients 13.6% to 57.2% were injecting insulin twice-daily at the end of trial. Glycaemic control, measured by glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (a measure of blood sugar control), was better in the insulin group than in the control group. Overall, risk of bias of the evaluated studies was high.
We included six trials in this review. Six trials assessed the effects of SNS for urinary incontinence. In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe FI in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of diarrhoea compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy (mean difference (MD) −5.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months). Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (a tumor-like collection of serum in the tissues) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the crossover trial by Leroi 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to complications or immediate device failure. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the period of stimulation they had preferred. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 participants who preferred the 'on' and five who preferred to use the 'off' period. For the group of 19, the median (range) episodes of faecal incontinentity per week fell from 1.1 to 0.61 per week in three months. Side effects were only reported in three participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain during temporary testing (1) and stimulator-site pain following insertion of a neurostimulator (2). We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of spinal cord stimulation in the treatment of people with moderate to severe diarrhoeas.
This review identified two well-designed and low risk of bias trials (n = 190) that compared the failure of molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or a light-cureable adhesive. The two trials presented data on first time failure at the tooth level. Pooling of the data showed a statistically significant difference in favour of the molar bands, with a hazard ratio of 2.92 (95% confidence intervals (CI) 1.80 to 4.72). No statistically significant heterogeneity was shown between the two studies. No other adverse events were identified. However, given there are limited data for this outcome, further evidence is required to draw more robust conclusions.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that included 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. We found that EUS is able to distinguish between T1 to T2 (early gastric cancers) and T3 to T4 (advanced gastric carcinoma) based on the depth of invasion of the epithelial layer of the stomach wall. EUS can also distinguish T1a (mucosal) versus T1b cancers, and T1c (muscle-infiltrating) tumours from T1d (stomach wall) cancers. However, EUS cannot distinguish between tumours with or without metastatic involvement of lymph nodes (N-stage) because of the low sensitivity of EUS (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 0.90) and low sensitivity (CI 0.78 to 95% CI 0.91) of the EUS, respectively. The quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of index test interpretation bias (i.e. bias due to selection bias).
We identified a total of six trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age of participants varied between 40 and 47 years. With regards to primary outcomes, only one trial reported short-term mortality. However, the trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. Long-term deaths were not reported in any of the trials. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 (1.6%) in the day-surgery group versus 1/200 (0.5%) in overnight stay surgery group) or in the proportion of people requiring hospital readmissions (3 trials; 290 participants; 5/136 (3.5%), 4/239 (2.2%), or in hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 (2%). No significant difference was seen in the number of failed discharge (failure to be discharged as planned), time to return to activity (2 trials, 217 participants; 0.55 days), and return to work (1 trial, 74 participants; 2.00 days). Pain was not significantly different between the groups for all outcomes except pain, which was measured by visual analogue scale score. Quality of life was not measured. We concluded that there was no difference in quality of life between day- and overnight-stay surgery groups.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. Studies were generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Efficacy outcomes were inconsistently reported, resulting in analyses for most outcomes being based on less than complete data. For postherpetic neuralgia, we found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks about 10% more participants reported themselves much or very much improved with high-concentration Capsaicin than with placebo. More participants (about 10%) had average 2 to 8-week and 2 to 12-week pain intensity reductions over baseline of at least 30% and at least 50% with capsaicins compared with placebo, with NNT values between 10 and 12 (2 to 4 studies, 571 to 1272 participants; very low quality evidence). For painful HIV-neuropathy, we only found two studies (801 participants). One study reported the proportion of participants who were very much better at 12 weeks, with an NNT of 11. For peripheral diabetic neuropathy, there was one study (369 participants). It reported about 10%, more than twice as many people who had an average 2% reduction in pain intensity over baseline, with a NNT between 7.8 and 11.0 (very low-quality evidence). One small study of 46 participants with persistent pain following surgery reported that about 1 in 10 people had a reduction in their pain intensity at the end of the study, compared with about 2 in 10 with no active treatment. For chronic peripheral neuropathy there was only one small study, which reported about 1% fewer participants who had pain intensity reduction over the study period, with the use of high-centre capsicin compared to placebo. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measuring carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke, so we did a pooled analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up), after reassessing the angiograms and outcomes from all three trials using the primary electronic data files, and redefined outcome events where necessary, to achieve comparability. On re-analysis, there were no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis, and highly beneficial for those with 70% to 99% stenosis without near-occlusion (moderate-quality evidence), but there was no evidence of benefit in participants with near-OCclusions. We found no benefit in people with carotids that were very close to the surface of the blood vessels. We judged the quality of the evidence to be high for all outcomes.
We included randomized and non-randomized studies that compared interventions to prevent parastomal herniation. Only one randomized controlled trial met the inclusion criteria. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer (37 participants), ulcerative colitis (14 participants), familial adenomatous polyposis (7 participants), and other (2 participants). The results between the lateral pararectal and the transrectal approach groups were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomies (low-quality evidence), development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. None of the included studies measured other stoma-related morbidity or mortality. Ten retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants, were included in the review. All included studies reported results for the primary outcome (parastomal haemorrhage) and one study also reported data on one of the secondary outcomes (stomal prolapse). The effects of different surgical approaches on the occurrence of stoma prolapse are uncertain. The available moderate-, low-, and very low-quality of evidence, does not support the use of one surgical technique over another for the prevention of the formation of a stoma. In conclusion, there is still a lack of high-quality data to support the ideal surgical technique to prevent stoma formation.
We found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse and leaving the study early and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our main outcomes of interest. Overall, the evidence was very low quality. There are insufficient data to identify a difference in outcome for supportive therapy or other psychological therapies over standard care but these findings are based on a few small studies. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We included 11 studies with 949 participants with mostly moderate or severe pain, but fewer completed treatment or had results of treatment. None had a placebo only control; eight studies compared different NSAIDs, three compared an NSAID with an opioid or opioid with the same dose of opioid, and one both. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or one NSAID compared with another NSAID. We judged results for all outcomes as very low-quality evidence. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with a Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). With NSAID, initially moderate to severe pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks in four studies (415 participants in total), with a range of estimates between 26% and 51% in individual studies. Adverse event and withdrawal reporting was inconsistent. Two serious adverse events were reported with NSAIDs, and 22 deaths, but these were not clearly related to any pain. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size; none was unequivocally at low risk.
Two studies comprising 287 participants were included in this review. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study, reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group, and additionally at day 4. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days (95% confidence interval -5.48 to -4.48). The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, as well as on a ruler, on which the patient marks the current level of pain. The average difference in time spent in hospital was significantly reduced in favour of those treated with tiniaparin, with an average difference of 4.98 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events, and none were reported in participants treated with placebo.
We did not find any completed randomised trials comparing either anticoagulants or antiplatelet drugs with control. We found 36 observational studies (1285 patients) comparing the two treatment modalities. There is no evidence to support their routine use for the treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissection. There were also no trials that directly compared the two treatments and the reported non-randomised studies did not show any evidence of a significant difference between the two.
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials (2066 patients) comparing silver-containing dressings with non-silver dressings (nine dressings in total). We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. Burns Thirteen trials compared topical silver (in a variety of formulations - including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) with other types of dressings. One trial showed fewer infection with silver nitrate when compared with a non-Silver nitrate dressing, but three trials showed significantly more infection with SSD. Six trials compared SSD (brand name of an antibacterial cream) cream with silver dressing. One showed significantly fewer infections with the silver dressing compared with the dressing without silver, but the remaining five trials found no evidence of a difference. Other wounds One trial compared two silver dressings, and showed a significantly lower infection rate with silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) than with standard silver gauze. Six other trials compared silver dressing with other dressings containing silver, and found no significant differences in infection rates. Most comparisons (seven) found no differences in the number of infections between dressings that contained silver and those that did not. We did not find any evidence that silver dressing was more effective than other dressing types, but one trial in a range of wounds exhibited significantly fewer infection in the silver-and-silver dressing group than in the other dressing group. None of the trials reported any serious adverse events. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy (N = 4; odds ratio (OR) monotherapy versus combination 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 1.30), clinical cure, length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU), or adverse events or length of ICU stay for this comparison. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin for clinical cure in the clinically evaluable population and there was a statistically significant increase in clinical cure for imipanem-celastatin. We downgraded the quality of evidence for the outcome of clinical cure to very low quality. We rated the overall quality of the evidence as moderate.
We included 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. Impact of policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased treatment discontinuity and the use in other health care systems without reducing overall drug costs (2 studies). Implementing restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of selected medications can decrease third-party drug spending without increasing the need for other services. Relaxing reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to publically financed drug benefits for seniors and low income populations, for example), also require explicit measurement.
Nineteen studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review with data available for a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. One small study had contradictory results at 3 months and 6 months, the other study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points. The same two studies reported on plaque at 6 months and 12 months respectively. The quality of the evidence was very low, meaning that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect. Three studies compared some form of personalised OHA with routine OHA; five studies compared self-management with professional OHA and seven studies compared enhanced OHA compared with one- to one OHA in children and adolescents. None of the studies measured dental caries. We found little evidence available that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gum infection, plaque or dental cavities (very low quality). There was not enough high-quality data to recommend any specific one-- to-one-OHA.
Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) with no treatment, one trial with oral steroids and intra-articular steroid injection with or without oral steroids; and one trial of manipulation under anaesthesia and intraarticular steroids injection. Study participants were similar across trials, but no trial used the same oral steroid regimen or dosage. Trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. Available data from two placebo-controlled trials and one no-treatment controlled trial provides "Silver" level evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) that oral steroids provide significant short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis but benefits were not maintained at six weeks. There were minimal adverse effects reported.
Three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 participants were included in the review. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between the use of RTMS and sham RTSM. Additionally, none of the included trials reported any adverse events associated with the treatment. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations and incomplete outcome data, treatment with RTSMS cannot be judged as completely safe. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised controlled trial on people with ALS.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In 1 trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 293.70), while in another trial no difference was seen at 6 months. No differences in disease control were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisolone. In one trial each, for azathioprine and prednisolate, there was no evidence of benefit over placebo. In conclusion, there is no evidence to support the use of plasma exchange in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
We included 75 randomised trials, involving 7957 participants with irritable bowel syndrome. Seventy-one different herbal medicines were tested in the included trials. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. Compared with placebo, a Standard Chinese herbal formula, individualised Chinese herbal medicine, Tibetan herbal medicine Padma Lax, traditional Chinese formula Tongxie Yaofang, and Ayurvedic preparation showed significantly improvement of global symptoms. In 65 trials testing 51 different herbal preparations, 22 herbal medicines demonstrated a statistically significant benefit for symptom improvement, and 29 herbal medicines did not significantly different from conventional therapy. In nine trials that evaluated herbal medicine combined with a conventional therapy, six tested herbal preparations showed additional benefit from the combination therapy compared with conventional monotherapy. No serious adverse events were reported. The methodological quality of three double-blind, placebo-controlled trials was high, but the quality of remaining trials was generally low. Some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowels syndrome. However, positive findings from less rigorous trials should be interpreted with caution due to inadequate methodology, small sample sizes, and lack of confirming data.
We found 22 trials that evaluated pericoital use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis to prevent pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation rates, side effects, and acceptability. Pericoital levonorgestrel was reasonably efficacious and safe. The pooled Pearl Index for the 0.75 mg dose was 5.4 per 100 woman-years (95% confidence interval (CI) 4.1 to 7.0). However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. Most women liked the method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not studied extensively. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of using LNG as a primary means of contraception among women with infrequent intercourse. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
We included 15 studies with 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. This result should be interpreted with some caution, however, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this comparison. Seven studies that fully reported this outcome showed that surgery was more effective in the reinforcement of anchorage by 1.68 mm (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.27 mm to -1.09 mm; seven studies, 308 participants analysed) with moderate quality of evidence. There was no evidence of a difference in overall duration of treatment between surgical and conventional anchor systems. Information on patient-reported outcomes such as pain and acceptability was limited and inconclusive. No included studies reported on harms. There is moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of the anchorage is more effective with surgical anchor systems than with conventional anchors, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statin therapy with placebo or no treatment and three studies (5547 patients) compared two different statin regimens in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Seven studies comparing statin with placebo (dummy treatment) was lower in quality overall; and were conducted according to published protocols, outcomes were adjudicated by a committee, specified outcomes were reported, and analyses were conducted using intention-to-treat methods. We were able to meta-analyse 38 studies (37,274 participants). Compared with placebo, statins consistently prevented major cardiovascular events (13 studies, 36,033 participants), all-cause mortality (10 studies, 28,276 participants), cardiovascular death (7 studies, 19,059 participants), and heart attack and MI (8 studies, 9018 participants). Statins had uncertain effects on stroke (5 studies, 8658 participants). Potential harms were limited by lack of systematic reporting and were uncertain in analyses that had few events: elevated creatine kinase, liver function abnormalities, withdrawal due to adverse events, and cancer.
We included nine trials with 379 participants in this review. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were parallel designed RCTs. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the OI trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. For the two ITB studies for pain in CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo) (mean difference (MD) 4.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.15 to 6.25, respectively). In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure related to surgery were related to pain. For pain in OI, pain was a secondary outcome in five out of the eight identified studies. Only one study involved over 100 participants. Overall the quality of these trials was mixed. In this review we found mixed results for pain relief in CP and OI. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants in this review. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients in the analyses of safety and tolerability outcomes. No data were available from the seventh trial. Due to imprecision in the results, it was not possible to determine whether latrepirdine had any effect on cognition measured with the Alzheimer’s Disease Assessment Scale cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) or the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or on function measures (ADCS-ADL) at study endpoint (26 or 52 weeks). We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality. However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit of lat repirdine on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that lat Repirdine and placebo were comparable in adverse events, serious adverse events and dropouts due to adverse events. The evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, the evidence on tolerability is limited by the small number of studies, imprecise results, inconsistencies between studies and likelihood of bias.
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke in people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis. We included three trials (involving 371 participants) in the analysis of the effects on preventing stroke prevention. In people with carotid stenosis undergoing stenting, there was no significant difference in the incidence of stroke between participants treated with RIC and non-RIC, however the stroke volume (assessed by infarct volume) was significantly reduced by RIC (mean difference (MD) -0.17 mL, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23 to -0.11; 1 trial, 189 participants, low-quality evidence). Adverse events related to RIC were significantly higher, but no severe adverse events were reported. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for risk of bias in six studies and unclear in one study, unclear for allocation concealment in four studies and low in three studies, high for incomplete outcome data (attrition bias) in five studies, and low for selective reporting in two studies.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to May 2015. Low-quality evidence showed that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data about the effects of protein supplementation on body weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental outcomes, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low. The small sample sizes, low precision, and very low-quality results regarding duration of duration of hospitalization made it difficult to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of protein supplements for preterm babies.
We included 45 studies: 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and 31 inter-institutional studies (ITS). Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of PEMs to no intervention. One single study compared paper-based PEM to the same document delivered on CD-ROM. Based on seven RCTs and 54 outcomes, the median absolute risk difference in categorical practice outcomes was 0.02 (range from 0 to +0.11). Based on three trials and eight outcomes, we found a median improvement in standardised mean difference for continuous profession practice outcomes (standardised median change in level = 1.69). Only two trials and two ITS studies reported patient outcomes. In addition, we re-analysed 54 outcomes from 25 ITS studies, using time series regression, and observed statistically significant improvement in level or in slope in 27 outcomes. From the data gathered, we could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. The results of this review suggest that when used alone or in combination with other interventions, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect of these interventions on patient outcomes, and the clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known.
We included 23 randomised controlled trials in this review. Most were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning). They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. Behavioural interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of sexual transmission can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. There were no statistically significant effects on abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. Statistically significant effects for behavioural outcomes were common, though not universal, and varied according to the type of outcome. Considerable uncertainty exists in the risk of bias due to incomplete or ambiguous reporting. Studies should use an RCT design where possible with integral process evaluation and cost-effectiveness analysis where appropriate. Given the predominance of USA studies in this systematic review evaluations conducted in other countries would be particularly useful. Future evaluations should include a greater focus on HPV and its link to cervical cancer, with long-term follow-up to assess impact on behaviour change, rates of HPV infection and progression to cervical cancers.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychodynamic therapy with cognitive behavior therapy. Brief psychoeducation appears to reduce medication compliance in the short term (three studies), medium term (one study) and long term (two studies). It also appears to promote improved mental state in short term and medium term, and can lower the incidence and severity of anxiety and depression. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved. Relapse rates were significantly lower amongst participants receiving routine care in the medium term but not in the long term. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74, nor in the death rate in either group. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, a brief psychoeducational approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute these findings.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. Compared to the LABA+ICS arm, the results for the pooled primary outcomes for the LAMA+LABA arm were as follows: exacerbations; serious adverse events (SAE); St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the baseline, MD -1.22 (95% CI -2.52 to 0.07, P = 0.06, I2 = 71%, low quality evidence); and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), which measures the amount of air that can be expirted from the lungs at a sustained pressure of 0.08 L. The results for pneumonia, all-cause death, and the SGRQ total score of 4 points or greater (4 points is the minimum clinically important difference) were also similar between the two groups. These data were supported by low or moderate quality evidence in heterogeneous trials with an observation period of less than one year. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies. The unsponsored study was at high risk of performance and detection bias, and possible selective reporting.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. Study duration was from 7 to 16 months; all studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. Risk of bias was low in two studies and high in one study due to an open-label design. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen administered for 20 minutes. All children were discharged, but information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments was not reported. The evidence for all outcomes in this comparison was of low quality, downgraded for serious imprecision. Heliox may slightly improve croup scores at 60 minutes postintervention, but there may be no difference between groups at 120 minutes. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean Taussig and mean heart rate scores than children given no treatment. Children with moderate croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment, and there was no difference in the scores between groups. The mean croup score at 20 minutes after intervention may not differ between groups (mean difference (MD) -0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.36 to 0.70).
Eight studies set in primary (four), secondary (one) and tertiary care (accident and emergency = three) were included in the review. Overall, the risk of bias of studies was moderate with high risk of selection and verification bias the predominant flaws. Reporting of index and reference tests was poor. The prevalence of vertebral fracture in accident and emergency settings ranged from 6.5% to 11% and in primary care from 0.7% to 4.5%. There were 29 groups of index tests investigated however, only two featured in more than two studies. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. However, when combinations of red flags were used the performance appeared to improve. The results of combined tests appeared more informative than individual tests with results generally greater in magnitude and precision. The available evidence does not support the use of many red flags to specifically screen for vertebral fractures in patients presenting for LBP. From the limited evidence, the findings give rise to a weak recommendation that a combination of a small subset of a few red flags may be useful. It should also be noted that many red flag have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with LBP and their families. Further research should focus on appropriate sets of red flag and adequate reporting of both index and index tests.
Two randomised trials were identified. There were insufficient data to determine which intervention is best for urethral stricture disease in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs. Well designed, adequately powered multi-centre trials are needed to answer relevant clinical questions regarding treatment of men with urethrals.
We included six trials (including one trial testing two relevant protocols) for a total of seven group comparisons. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the meta-analyses. The four paediatric trials (two involving preschool children and two school-aged children) and two adult parallel-group trials, lasting 12 to 52 weeks, were of high methodological quality. There was no statistically significant group difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacerbations requiring oral corticosteroids (1204 patients; the large confidence interval translates into a risk of exacerbations in the intermittent ICS group varying between 17% and 25%, assuming a 19% risk with daily ICS). Age, severity of airway obstruction, step-up protocol used during exacerbations and trial duration did not significantly influence the primary efficacy outcome. No group difference was observed in the number of patients with serious adverse health events (1055 patients; RR 0.82; 95% CI 0.33 to 2.03). Compared to the daily treatment, the intermittent treatment group showed a smaller improvement in change from baseline peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) by 2.56% (95% CI -4.49% to -0.63%), fewer symptom-free days (0.15), fewer asthma control days -9%, more use of rescue β2-agonists by 0.12 puffs/day and a greater increase from baseline in exhaled nitric oxide of 16.80 parts per billion. There were no significant differences between the intermittent and daily treatment groups in forced expiratorial volume in one second (FEV1), quality of life, airway hyper-reactivity, adverse effects, hospitalisations, emergency department visits or withdrawals. In children with persistent asthma, the use of intermittent treatment was associated with a greater growth in the bronchioles (budesonide and beclomethasone) compared to daily treatment. In adults, intermittent treatment did not result in a statistically significant reduction in exacerbations or serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was high.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people in CKD stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice, and six studies (739 people) assessed dietary patterns, including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people), of increased fruit and vegetable intake, 2 studies (355 people, of a Mediterranean diet and one study of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In absolute terms, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Dietary interventions were associated with a higher estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and serum albumin levels (a marker of kidney function). Dietary interventions lowered systolic and diastolic blood pressure and improved quality of life compared to a control diet. Adverse events were generally not reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low. Risks of bias in the included studies were generally high or unclear, lowering confidence in the results.
Only one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis) met the eligibility criteria for this review. This study was eligible for inclusion and found that nebulised salbutamol was an effective intervention for the treatment of children aged seven weeks to 24 months. The results showed a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score in the nebulisation group but not in the mist in a tent group. The study did not report on adverse effects of the intervention. Since only one study was analysed it would be misleading to conclude that mist therapy is ineffective in children with broncholitis. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy for acute bronchiolysis.
We found four randomised controlled trials (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria and most were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from baseline. There were no significant differences between statin and placebo in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. We found no studies assessing role of statin in treatment of VaD. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
Four studies involving 149 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing night splints and not wearing them. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo, there was no significant difference in ankle range of motion between groups. Increasing the dose to 1.5 mg a day did not result in any significant improvement in the amount of movement of the ankle. The other two studies evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with muscle weakness. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. Further research is required.
This review of 25 randomised controlled trials involving 5218 women found that walking and standing up in the first stage of labour reduces the duration of labour, the risk of having a caesarean section, the need for an epidural, and does not seem to have increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes including duration of the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second RCT that met these requirements analyzed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias (sores on the surface of the skin) at six months' follow up. The third RCT compared natural progression with an active intervention. The trial was conducted in the USA, and there were no significant differences in the number of people who experienced adverse events between the two treatment groups. None of the RCTs reported any serious adverse events. This review was complicated by a lack of generally accepted diagnostic criteria for the diagnosis of torsion-like syndrome and had to rely exclusively on the diagnosis made by the investigators in the reviewed studies.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included in this review. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms and function after four weeks. In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 participants), ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not significantly beneficial. However one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Compared to placebo, two-week oral steroid treatment demonstrated a significant improvement in symptom and function. One trial also showed improvement in four weeks of oral diuretic treatment. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptom or function. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In another trial involving 21 people carpal tunnel surgery did not demonstrate significant benefit. In a third trial involving 24 people, corticosteroids did not improve symptoms or function compared with placebo.
We included two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. SCORE compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (n = 165 participants) with observation and GENEVA compared dexamethasone implant injections with sham injections. The results from SCORE showed that the average visual acuity decreased in all three treatment groups. However, eyes treated with 1 mg or 4 mg of corticosteroids by the eighth-month follow-up examination were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in vision compared with participants in the observation group. A higher incidence of adverse events was noted with IVS therapy when compared with observation alone. A qualitative assessment of the results from GENEVA indicated that the dexamethylamine implant was not associated with improvement in vision after six months. The quality of the evidence was low due to incomplete outcome data in SCORE and selective outcome reporting in GENEVA.
Six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients were included in this review. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (-18.5 versus -8.5, P < 0.05) and a larger reduction in mean adenoidal/choana ratio than placebo (right, -14% versus +0.4%, P = 0.002; left, -15% versus -2.0%, P= 0.0006) between week 0 and week 4. In contrast, one parallel-group trial did not find a significant improvement in nasal obstruction symptom scores nor adenoids size after eight weeks of treatment with placebo. The second four-week trial showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index decreased by at least 50% from baseline in 38% of patients treated with a placebo, whereas none of those treated with placebo had such improvement. The third trial showed 77.7% of children treated with mometasone for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in nosebleeds and a decrease in the size of the nasal cavity (adenoid) that could be avoided, whereas no significant improvement was observed in the placebo group. The fourth trial of flunisolide showed that eight weeks treatment with 500 mcg daily resulted in a smaller reduction in nasal size than isotonic saline solution. The fifth trial demonstrated that fluticasone, a trifluorinated glucocorticoid receptor agonist with antiallergic, antiinflammatory and antipruritic effects, significantly reduced nasal obstructive symptoms and reduced nasal obstruction size. Adenoidectomy was avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of the patients who were treated with normal saline. The sixth trial of amitriptyline, an anti-inflammatory drug, did not show any significant benefit in reducing nasal obstruction in children with moderate to severe nasal hypertrophy.
We included one small study (involving 24 women). The study was a single-centre randomised trial conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block. Lumbar epidural blocks were given using 0.25% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour on continuous epidural infusion for six hours. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. Meta-analysis was not possible. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy), development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures, stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome, and any serious complication. The mother had at least one of these, defined as one of stroke, stroke or kidney failure. The woman also had an increased risk of developing other serious complications such as high blood pressure, which can lead to death. There was no information on other important outcomes such as the mother's quality of life, the length of hospitalisation, or the number of days the woman was in the intensive care unit. The study had a high risk of bias due to lack of concealment of allocation concealment and blinding of women and staff, and unclear for random sequence generation and outcome assessor blinding.
We included 16 trials in this review. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. All trials but one were at overall high risk of bias. Based on the information that we collected from the trials, there was no evidence of effect on the occurrence of serious adverse events during treatment, liver-related mortality, number of participants with any complications up to three months following randomisation, health-related quality of life, and number of people with non-serious adverse events after end of treatment. The certainty of the evidence was very low.
We included four trials involving 245 participants in the review. Study sample sizes were generally small, and interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool studies. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Intervention approaches included the contextual approach of driving simulation and underlying skill development approach, including the retraining of speed of visual processing and visual motor skills. There was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months (mean difference 15 points on the Test Ride for Investigating Practical Fitness to Drive - Belgian version, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 4.56 to 34.56, P value = 0.15, one study, 83 participants). Secondary outcomes: road sign recognition was better in people who underwent training compared with control. Significant findings were in favour of a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme (based on one study with 73 participants). However, these results should be interpreted with caution as they were based on a single study. Adverse effects were not reported. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as those related to driving. Moreover, we were unable to find any RCTs that evaluated driving lessons as an intervention. At present, it is unclear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review, of which five studies conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296) contributed to the meta-analysis. The mean ages of study participants were 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration therapy. Five studies administered oral prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and two studies provided intravenous corticosteroids (50 mg in three, 100 mg in one). In four studies we did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure (failure to complete the course of treatment) between short- duration and longer duration treatment. No difference in the risk of relapse (the occurrence of a new event) was observed between short duration and long duration treatment, which was equivalent to 22 fewer per 1000 for short duration treatment and 51 fewer to 34 more for longer duration therapy. Time to the next COPD exacerbation was not reported in any of the included studies. In the five studies that reported on relapse, there was no difference in rate of relapse between the short duration (three days) and the longer duration (10 days or more) of treatment. The number of people who developed a new flare-up of COPD after the end of treatment was similar in the short and the long duration of treatment (three to 10 days). In the four studies reporting relapse, the number of flare-ups was similar between the two types of treatment, and there were no differences in relapse rates between short or long duration and the short or longer duration of the treatment. We found no evidence to support or refute the use of short duration versus longer duration steroid treatment in people with COPD. The studies contributing to this review were at low risk of selection, performance, detection and attrition bias.
We included one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) and identified three ongoing trials that assess RBC transfusion strategies in people with MDS. The one included study randomised participants to a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb) transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants) or a liberal [Hb trigger < 96 g/l, 5 participants] transfusion policy. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality (1 RCT; 13 participants; RR 0.13, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.32; very low quality evidence). The number of red blood cell transfusions was 1.8 units per patient per month in the liberal group, compared to 0.8 in the restrictive arm, no standard deviation was reported. There were no anaemia-related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels (no statistics provided). The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding (e.g. blood loss). This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusions strategy for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of bone marrow disorders, MDS, rises with an ageing population.
We included two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in this review. The first study evaluated a game based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The group that was randomized to the game had statistically higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The second study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based learnings of stroke prevention and management. The effect on knowledge was not statistically different between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the group that played the game. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
Eight trials involving 475 people were included. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. Relapse was defined as admission to hospital and when all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a statistically significant difference in favour of lithium (relative risk (RR) fixed effect 0.34, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.82). The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used. There were no other statistically significant differences between lithium and antidepressant according to all other outcomes considered. There was adequate efficacy evidence for lithium or antidepressant preventing relapse in unipolar affective disorder, however their relative efficacy was unknown. When considering lithium or antidepressants long-term therapy, patients and clinicians should take into account the patient's clinical history, the side-effects and the individual's likely adherence to the recommended treatment regime.
Two randomised controlled clinical trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to intervention versus control) were included in this review. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Amifostine versus placebo showed no statistically significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia, the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium-99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months (80 patients, one study), and the reduction of blood pressure (130 patients, two studies). Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of therapy and had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae. None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs. Meta-analysis was not performed on the function of salivial glands measured by technenoscopy at three months after high dose radioactive iodine treatment due to the highly inconsistent findings across studies (I2 statistic 99%). None of these trials investigated adverse events such as death, illness, side effects, or cost. Moreover, there was no information on patient-oriented outcomes such as quality-of-life, adverse events, and costs.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU (being studied for its ability to protect against the gastrointestinal side effects caused by fluorouracil); the third study compared a parent- mediated plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics plus once-weekly home-home sessions for 12 weeks. Because of the different study designs and outcome measures used, we were unable to conduct a meta-analysis. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias in relation to blinding of participants (not possible due to the nature of the intervention) and blinding of outcome assessors, and at an unclear risk for allocation concealment. We found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. The finding from the three included studies were inconsistent. The sample sizes of each included study were very small, meaning that they are unlikely to be representative of the target population. The results of this review need to be interpreted with caution.
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. Included trials did not report on health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and the secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. Due to a lack of evidence, we cannot evaluate the impact on other outcomes. Further high-quality randomised clinical trials are needed in order to assess the impact of exercise in cardiac rehabilitation on patient-relevant outcomes, including mortality and quality of lives. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), cardiac rehabilitation may increase exercise capacity. However, due to limited information, trial sequential analysis could not be performed as planned. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We included five studies with a total of 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality of lives. In the multi-disciplinary palliatives care studies there was no significant difference in well being between the trial arms. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. We found inconclusive evidence that interventions with spiritual or religious components for adults in the terminal phase of a disease may or may not enhance well being. Such interventions are under-evaluated. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies. Moreover, it is unclear in all the studies whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual and religious support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies.
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). There was very low quality evidence for no effect on change in global UPDRS score (mean difference (MD) -7.10 %, 95% confidence interval (CI -19.18 to 4.97; P = 0.25, I² = 21%, random-effects model). However, there was evidence of an effect on part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence that tDCS had an effect. Two trials with 41 participants measured gait speed using measures of timed gait, but they found no evidence of a difference. Another secondary outcome was health-related quality of life and we found one study that reported on the physical health and mental health aspects of health- related quality. There was insufficient evidence that dropouts, adverse effects, or deaths occurred during the intervention period. In two of six studies, dropouts were not reported. We did not find any studies that examined whether tDCS was beneficial in improving activities of daily living. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low.
We included four studies from the previous review in this update. Overall we included 12 studies with 461 participants. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (N = 32). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for LASBs for pain intensity (moderate quality evidence). One small study at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one-year follow-up. Of two studies that investigated LASBS as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic block to various active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatments, low to very low quality evidence. Six studies reported adverse events. Overall, the quality of evidence was low or very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these.
We included 14 trials, including 2488 participants. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains (located within 6p12.2 and approximately 473 kb in length). We included four new studies at this update. We found that the combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with Bell's palsy compared to corticostoids alone. The rate of complete recovery was lower in people who received the combination treatment than with placebo or no treatment. Antivirals alone had no clear effect on incomplete recovery rates compared with placebo, but the result was imprecise and allowed for the possibility of no effect. For people with severe Bell’s palsy (House-Brackmann score of 5 and 6, or equivalent on other scales), we found that recovery rates were better in participants receiving the combination therapy than with cortics alone. We excluded 10 trials that had some risk of being biased in several domains from this analysis, and we limited all analyses to studies at lower risks of bias. The overall certainty of the evidence was low.
We included two studies, including 97 women with platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory EOC. One study compared LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) use in relapsed (platinum-resistant) EOC in comparison with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) (Du Bois 2002). The other study compared decapeptyl versus a placebo (Currie 1994). Since both studies had different control groups, a meta-analysis was not possible. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. There may be little or no difference in overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months (very low-quality evidence), respectively, between the two treatments. Alopecia and fatigue were probably more common with the chemotherapy agent treosulfans. There were no significant differences in other Grade 3/4 side effects: nausea and vomiting, hair loss, fatigue, and hair loss. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We found 17 eligible randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). One trial compared nitric oxide versus high-frequency ventilation (Kinsella 1997). Six trials enrolled infants with mild or moderate severity of illnesses and randomised them to immediate iNO treatment or iNO treat only after deterioration to more severe criteria (Barefield 1996; Day 1996; Sadiq 1998; Cornfield 1999; Konduri 2004; Gonzalez 2010). This trial enrolled both preterm and term infants but reported most results separately for the two groups. This trial studied only infants with congenital diaphragmatic hernia (a condition in which the airway is narrowed due to a defect in the lungs). Inhaled nitric oxygen appears to have improved outcomes in hypoxaemic infants by reducing the combined endpoint of death or use of ECMO.
We included seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people) in this updated review. Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness of these interventions. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of lumbary support.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the catheter that was being assessed having different appearances. Overall, catheter impregnation significantly reduced catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI), with an ARR of 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), RR of 0.62 and NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence). We found that the magnitude of benefits for impregnated CVCs varied between studies that enrolled different types of participants. For the outcome of catheter colonization, we found significant benefit in studies conducted in ICUs, but not in haematological and oncological units or studies that assessed predominantly patients who required CVC-based nutrition (RR 099; 95% CI 0.74 to 1.34). However, there were no significant differences in the rates of clinically diagnosed sepsis, all-cause mortality and catheter related local infections. In our subgroup analyses, we identified that the magnitudes of benefits differed between studies. For CRBSI, there was no significant difference in the ARR, RR of 12% to 7%, RR of 11% and the National Toxicology Profile (NNTB), which is a tool that assesses the presence of harmful organisms in the blood stream. However, the quality of the evidence was downgraded due to substantial heterogeneity.
We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The intervention took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. There were no dietary intervention studies. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient or macronutrients supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. There was no evidence of an effect on LBW (MD –36.13 g, 95% CI –83.61 to 11.35), or no effect or unclear effect on length with low- to moderate-certainty evidence. The studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate risk.
Twelve randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1023 participants were included in this review. Pooled data from five RCTs (418 participants) showed no statistically significant difference between foam dressings and hydrocolloid dressings in the proportion of ulcers healed at 12 to 16 weeks (risk ratio (RR) 1.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 1.22). No statistically significant between-group differences in healing outcomes were detected when foam dressing was compared with: paraffin gauze, hydrocapillary dressing, knitted viscose dressing, and protease modulating matrix (one RCT). The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted trials that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly.
We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in IBD patients with quiescent or active ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference in exacerbation of IBD between the two groups. After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) in the etoricxib group compared to 19% (15/77) in placebo group (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.45 to 1.69). A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events).
We found 22 randomised controlled trials with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two trials included both infected ulcers and ulcers not infected; and the remaining 13 studies did not assess infection status. Included studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine (an organic group). We performed the following five comparisons based on the included studies: Antimicrobial dressing compared with non-antimicrobial dressing: Pooled data from five trials with 945 participants suggest (based on the average treatment effect from a random-effects model) that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a non-infectious dressing. These results correspond to an additional 119 healing events in the antimicrobial-dressing arm per 1000 participants (95% confidence interval (CI) 51 to 191 more). We consider this low-certainty evidence (downgraded twice due to risk of bias). The evidence on adverse event or other outcomes was uncertain. We considered the certainty of the evidence to be very low.
We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. Analysis showed that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia and the prevalence of pneumonia by 13% and 41% in children. On subgroup analysis, we found that zinc reduced the occurrence of pneumonia defined by specific clinical criteria by 21% (i.e. confirmation by chest examination or chest radiograph) but had no effect on lower specificity pneumonia case definition. The quality of the evidence was low.
Ten studies including 33,179 participants were included in this review. Vitamin A caused an increased incidence of acute LRTI in one study; an increase in cough and fever in another study; and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. The positive effects appear limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition. Accordingly, vitamin A should not be given to all children to prevent acute diarrhoeal illnesses.
Twenty studies met the inclusion criteria. Concomitant therapy varied from none to any other bronchodilator plus corticosteroids (oral and inhaled). The following outcomes were significantly different when compared to placebo. Forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) improved with treatment: Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) 100 ml; 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 40 to 160 ml. Similarly for forced vital capacity (FVC): WMD 210 ml 95%CI 100 to 320. Two studies reported an improvement in maximum oxygen consumption (VO2 max; WMD 195 ml/min, 95% CI 113 to 278.2). Theophylline has a modest effect on FEV1 and FVC and slightly improves arterial blood gas tension in moderate to severe COPD. These benefits were seen in participants receiving a variety of different concomitant therapies. Very few participants withdrew from these studies for any reason. Walking distance tests did not improve, neither did Visual Analogue Score for breathlessness in two small studies. The Relative Risk (RR) of nausea was greater with theophyllines than with placebo, but patients' preference was greater than that for placebo.
We included 10 studies with a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapy 249; control intervention 190), aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. Oral immunotherapy resulted in an increased amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events in children with egg allergy, compared to control, and a complete recovery from egg allergy after completion of treatment. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of children presented mild to severe adverse events during treatment. SAEs requiring epinephrine/adrenaline presented in 21/249 (8.4%) of children, and none in the control group. All 10 trials reported numbers of serious adverse events (SAEs) and numbers of children with mild to moderate adverse events. Fewer than half of children (45%) were able to tolerate a full serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of control group children (RR 7.48, 95% CI 4.91 to 11.38). Most children (82%) in the immunotherapy group could ingest a partial serving (1.4 g to 3.5g) compared with 10% in the placebo group (RR 4.25, 95%, CI 2.77 to 6.53). All 10 studies reported serious side effects and mild side effects, and there were no data on the number of children who developed a serious side effect. Children who received oral immunotherapies were more likely to recover from their egg allergy than children who did not receive any immunotherapeutic treatment (RR 0.73, 95%.
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. With the limitation that only two studies reported data on mortality and none of them had considered death as a primary endpoint, the meta-analysis showed no evidence of a difference in the risk of long-term mortality between participants who received ILR and those who were managed conventionally at follow-up (very low quality evidence). No data on short term mortality were available. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to the differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implant. Participants who underwent implantation experienced higher rates of diagnosis after diagnosis in participants implanted with ILR.
We found four small studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy and surgery. All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups, however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. When this study was removed from the analysis the result was significant (in favour of surgery). There was an increased number of infections in the surgery group however this increase was not statistically significant. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the surgical group. There was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received surgery compared with surgery. Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the pain relief group was higher than in the aspiration group. We could not pool the results of these studies because of different measurement tools applied in these studies, we could not combine the results. The quality of the evidence was low.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. Data analysed in this review showed that there was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.38; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 5.14). However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group (mean difference (MD), 1.00, 95% CI 0.17 to 1.83, P = 0.02). The average change in daytime cough diaries from baseline was also better in children on placebo compared to those on rhDNase, but the difference was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (difficult or labored breathing, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests, and a test used to measure how well the lungs work) also favoured placebo over rh DNase but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomalacia. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with this condition.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Fifteen included studies compared the studied psychological therapy with usual care or a waiting list. Five studies compared psychological therapy to enhanced or structured care. Only one study compared CBT with behaviour therapy. Across the 21 studies, the average number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. We found no studies that included physical therapy. The duration of symptom episodes was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptom episodes at baseline. Adverse events were seldom reported. For all studies, psychological therapy resulted in less severe symptom outcomes at the end of treatment. This effect was considered small to medium; heterogeneity was moderate; and overall quality of the evidence was low. Compared to usual care, psychological therapies resulted in a 7% higher proportion of drop-outs during treatment. Removing one outlier study reduced the difference to 5%. Results for the subgroup of studies comparing CBT versus behaviour therapy were inconclusive. For other items, most studies were at low risk of bias.
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) in this updated review. In total, we included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our inclusive analysis. Evidence synthesis of seven trials showed that people who had an epidural for thoracotomy were less likely to have PPP three to 18 months after having surgery, compared to people who did not have a epidural (OR 0.52 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.32 to 0.84, 499 participants, moderate-quality evidence). Simlarly, evidence synthesis of 18 trials found that people given a regional anaesthetic three to six months after breast cancer surgery were more likely to experience persistent pain than people not given a local anaesthetic. Pooling data at three to 8 months of follow-up from four trials, pooled data showed that women who had a caesarean section were more than twice as likely to develop PPP after having a regional epidural compared to those not having one ( OR 0.46, 95% CI 0.28 and 0.78, 551 participants). Evidence synthesis also favoured the infusion of intravenous local anaesthetics for preventing PPP in people undergoing iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG) three to 55 months after ICS. However, evidence from three trials showed no clear evidence for the use of continuous infusion with local anaesthesia to prevent PPP. The overall quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes.
Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 trial participants were included. First-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene), second-generation (aripirazole, olanzapine, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (caramazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and dietary supplementation (omega-3 fatty acid) were tested. Data were sparse for individual comparisons, indicating marginal effects for first-generation and antidepressants. The findings were suggestive in supporting the use of second- generation (second-generation) antipsychotic drugs, mood stabiliser drugs, and omega-3- fatty acid supplements.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three were cross-over randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and four were parallel-group RCTs (where participants were allocated to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method). Two trials had limited clinical value: one combined results for suprapubic and urethral catheters and the other provided data for only four participants. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcome measures. None of the trials addressed: number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. We are uncertain if type of washout solution has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. Trials assessed only three of the eight intervention comparisons identified. Two trials reported in more than one comparison group. Four trials compared washout (either saline or acidic solution) with no washout. One trial compared different compositions of acidic solution (stronger versus weaker solution) and saline versus antimicrobial solution (1 trial). The evidence in this review is up-to-date as of February 2015. We found no evidence to support or refute the use of different washout solutions for the prevention of urinary tract infections. We identified no trials that assessed the use or acceptability of different types of washouts. We assessed the quality of the evidence in the review as moderate.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of the review and 22 studies contributed the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and therefore could not pool results, so we present them descriptively. Eighteen of the 18 studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors), the prevalence rates ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in 12 studies including participants aged 16 and over (13,952 survivors), it ranged from 4.4% to 60.7%, and in these four studies, survivors were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was statistically significant in only two studies. One study presented a prevalence for bone cancer survivors of 0.0% (17 survivors). Four studies provided prevalence rates of moderate or severe fatigue in control groups of siblings or population-based controls, and these ranged from 3.1% to 10.3%. They found that depression was more common in survivors than controls. Prevalence of moderate fatigue in brain cancer survivors was 14.6% and 21.1%, respectively, in two studies (252 and 707 survivors). The prevalence of moderate and severe fatigue was 19.8% and 35.9% respectively. In children with cancer of the bone and brain cancers, the prevalence was 0.2% and 0.6%, respectively. The frequency of moderate to severe fatigue ranged from 1% to 35.8%, and the frequency of depression was higher in children with bone cancer than in those with brain cancer. There was no clear difference between children and adults with brain and brain cancer in the frequency or severity of fatigue. There were no clear differences between children with and without cancer of bone or brain cancers in the number of people with depression. There is no clear evidence that depression is a risk factor for fatigue in people with cancer. Studies assessing risk and associated factors for fatigue were heterogeneous, and definitions of the factors under study were often inconsistent, with results presented descriptively, and results therefore presented in this review.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotic used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. Treatment based on the use of topical prophylaxis alone reduces respiratory infections but not mortality. In trials comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic alone, there was a significant reduction in RTIs but not in total mortality. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
Five studies met the inclusion criteria. All of them investigated educational approaches. Two studies offered consultation in addition and two other studies offered guidance for nursing staff in addition. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. Overall, methodological quality of studies was low. The studies revealed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in the group dwelling unit found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased significantly in the control group. There is insufficient evidence supporting the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care.
Four randomised controlled trials were included in the review (416 women). The trials compared glucocorticoid supplementation during IVF stimulation versus placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310 women). For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate (OR 1.08, 95% CI 0.45 to 2.58; 2 RCTs, n = 212, I2 = 0%, low-quality evidence). Our findings suggest that if the chance of a live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate between the two groups, but there was also insufficient evidence for multiple-pregnancy rate or miscarriage rate. Neither of the trials reported OHSS or side-effects. The safety and effectiveness of glucoc Corticoid administration in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation in IVF are unknown.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo (a pretend drug) to standard dose rhGH. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels (low-quality evidence, limited by inconsistency across the trials, small number of participants and short duration of therapy). Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels. There is limited evidence from three trials in improvements in exercise capacity. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low quality. When compared with no treatment, rhGH appears to be effective in improving the intermediate outcomes in height, weight, and body mass. The significant change in blood glucose levels did not cross the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes in the trials of short duration. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality of life. The evidence is limited by the short duration and small numbers of participants.
We included 26 non-randomized controlled before and after studies with 1,695 participants that reported on three comparisons: complete removal from exposure and reduced exposure compared to continued exposure, and complete removal (removed from exposure) compared to reduced exposure. Reduction of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agent, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs. Removal from exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of asthma symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms. There may be no considerable difference in FEV1 % between reduction and continued exposure. No studies reported or enabled calculation of change in non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity (NSBH).
This review included six trials with 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. Participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had an average age of 73 years. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of PPI discontinuation, although two trials reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects. On-demand PPI use may lead to an increase in GI symptoms (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and probably a reduction in pill burden. There was a decline in participant satisfaction, although heterogeneity was high.
We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants). These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence in favour of social skills training compared to standard care on all measures of social functioning. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills, and participants’ mental state results were better in the group receiving social skill programmes. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills. Quality of life was also improved in the social skills group compared to the discussion group group. However, when social skills programs were compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. Compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China.
Only one study, at low risk of all biases, met the inclusion criteria. This was the pooled results from two randomised controlled trials (225 participants, 145 with tophi at baseline) randomised to one of three arms; pegloticase infusion every two weeks (biweekly), monthly (withdrawals due to adverse events) and placebo (dummy infusion). This study showed moderate-quality evidence from one study that biweekly infusion reduced tophi in the subset of participants who had tophi, but increased withdrawals due to side effects in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more adverse events compared with placebo (15 out of 85 participants with pegoticase versus 1 out of 43 participants with placebo). However, there was no difference in pain relief of 30% or greater, function, quality of life, serum urate normalisation, or side effects. We did not include the results from the other two arms of the study in this review.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC of which three met the inclusion criteria. In this review of the three eligible trials (including 2095 neonates), the oral administration of IgG or an IgG/IgA combination did not result in a significant reduction in the incidence of NEC. Based on the available trials, the evidence does not support the administration of oral IgA alone for preventing NEC.
Five trials compared no additional treatment with additional chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy. Four trials compared platinum based combination chemotherapy directly with radiotherapy and the other four trials compared radiotherapy directly with chemotherapy. The analysis of survival data from 2197 women shows a significant overall survival advantage from adjuvant chemotherapy. Postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. Chemotherapy reduces the risk of developing the first recurrence outside the pelvic girdle (5% absolute risk reduction) but the analysis of pelvic recurrence rates is underpowered but the trend suggests that chemotherapy may be less effective than radiotherapy in a direct comparison.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. Our synthesis showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could also be a problem. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality, and some clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages (high confidence). Clients wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them (moderate confidence). They also had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues, and their views about who sent the digital health communication could influence their views of the programme. For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables.
Twenty-three trials involving 2467 people were included in this review. The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. The studies also confirm that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long- acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity. Nevertheless, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin use.
Nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. Given that the adverse events are potentially life-threatening, the value of antagonist-induced withdrawal under heavy sedation or anaesthesia is not supported. The high cost of anaesthetic-based approaches, both in monetary terms and use of scarce intensive care resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be pursued.
Molindone may be an effective antipsychotic but its adverse effect profile does not differ significantly from that of typical antipsychotics (apart from the event of weight loss). Data from this review suggest, at present, there is no evidence to suggest that it may have an atypical profile. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide, and combination therapies (hydroquinone cream and glycolic acid peels), as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. Statistical pooling of the data was not possible due to the heterogeneity of the treatments. Azelaic acid (20%) was significantly more effective at lightening melasma when compared to 2% and 4%, respectively, or when compared with the dual combinations of 2%, 4%, and 5%, respectively. Three of the included studies were funded by the manufacturer of the cream. Three studies did not report funding sources. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. The main limitations of this review were the small number of participants in each study, the wide variety of treatments used, and the fact that the results were imprecise.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. Not all studies reported population characteristics, of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. 83% of participants were white and 40% were male. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure and those undergoing surgery for the first time receiving regular-dose 5-FU postoperative injections. No surgical failures were detected in studies assessing combined surgery. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome of 4.1 for the high-risk of failure patients, and 5.0 for primary-tuberculous glaucoma patients receiving postoperative5-FU injections. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in the primary-translational ophthalmopathy group.
This review included 55 studies with 16,154 participants. Long-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients, although one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. There was no statistically significant effect on mortality (odds ratio (OR) 0.98, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.16, 8390 participants). There was a reduction in the number of exacerbations in those studies where pooling of data was possible (0.26 exacerbations per patient per year, 2586 participants; pooled means analysis: MD -0.19). ICS also slowed the decline in quality of life, as measured by the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (MD -1.22 units/year, 2507 participants). Response to ICS was not predicted by oral steroid response, bronchodilator reversibility or bronchial hyper-responsiveness. In the long-term studies that measured bone effects generally showed no major effect on fractures and bone mineral density over three years. The rate of pneumonia was increased in the ICS group compared to placebo, in studies that reported pneumonia as a side effect. There is an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. Among women with primary dysmenorrhoea, NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo (OR 4.37, 95% CI 3.76 to 5.09; 35 RCTs, I2 = 53%, low quality evidence). This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. However, NSAIDs were associated with more adverse effects (overall adverse effects, gastrointestinal adverse effects and neurological adverse effects) than other NSAIDs. The evidence also suggested that if 10% of placebo women experience side effects, between 11% and 14% of the women taking NSAID will experience such side effects. NSAIDs when compared with each other There was little evidence of the superiority of any individual NSAID for either pain relief or safety, as the available evidence had little power to detect such differences, as most individual comparisons were based on very few small trials. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. In the main analysis, we assessed mortality occurring before hospital discharge only in those studies where the two groups were compared. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels of ventilation. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity. We saw evidence of risk of bias in three studies, and the remaining studies fulfilled all criteria for adequate trial quality. Available evidence indicates that high-level PEEP, as compared with low levels, did not reduce the risk of death before discharge from hospital, nor was any statistically significant difference seen in risk of barotrauma. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days did not show any significant difference between the groups. The data also show that high PEEP produced no significant difference in the risk for barotramuscular injury, but rather improved participants' oxygenation to the first, third, and seventh days.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from this review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for renal replacement therapy (RRT) in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies (19 studies, 9857 patients) and the number with author-defined kidney failure (15 studies, 1361 patients). The risk of AKI based on kidney failure criteria was in contrast in favour of HES therapies (20 studies, 8769 patients). However, when urine output based outcomes were excluded as per study protocol, the direction of the AKI risk again favoured the other fluid type, with a non-significant RR of kidney failure based on renal failure criteria. When kidney failure was excluded, the risk of meeting kidney function and kidney output based criteria for AKI criteria for kidney failure were in contrast to HES therapy. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi), a drug used in the treatment of patients with CKD. None of the studies reported blinding or group allocation methods. The quality of the evidence is both scant and low quality. Currently available evidence concerning the efficacy of Rheaum officinales to improve SCr and BUN levels in patients with chronic kidney disease is not sufficient to support any recommendation for its use.
We included 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413 (51%) with dementia). Pooled analysis of all studies using data presented closest to a cut-off of 3.3 indicated that the accuracy of the test was 0.91 (95% CI 0.86 to 0.94); specificity 0.66; the positive likelihood ratio was 2.7 and the negative likelihood ratio 0.14. There was a statistically significant difference in test accuracy between the general hospital setting and the specialist memory setting (P = 0.019), suggesting that IQCODE performs better in a 'general' setting. The language of administration did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool. These findings are qualified by the significant heterogeneity, the potential for bias and suboptimal reporting found in the included studies. Across the included papers there was substantial potential for selection bias, particularly around sampling (the selection and implementation of statistical observations in order to estimate properties of an underlying population; also, in environmental science, the collection of representative specimens analyzed to characterize site conditions) and selection criteria, which may limit generalisability. There is also evidence of poor reporting around disease severity and handling indeterminate results, which are important if considering use in clinical practice.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. All three studies scored 'low quality' on the methodological quality assessment, implying high risk of bias. There was low quality evidence for mCIMM, which improves upper limb motor function and muscle strength in chronic stroke survivors with residual upper limb voluntary upper limb activity, up to six months, and'very low quality' evidence for dynamic elbow spinting and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. Task practice therapy did not improve upper limb function or muscle strength more than task practice, only at 12 weeks. No studies addressed interventions in children and those with lower limb Spasticity.
Four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, were included in this review. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg (hepatitis B immune globulin) alone, and a third trial compared combination treatment with lamivuxine and HBIG versus lamivuzine alone after one month of combination treatment. The fourth trial compared the combination of lamivudoine and adefovir dipivoxil versus a combination of adefivir and adenosine after at least 12-month of treatment. All four trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. Statistically significant differences were not detected in any of the comparisons and outcomes. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation.
This review included ten studies, involving 1019 people with type II diabetes mellitus who were followed up for between three months and 10 years (1060 randomised participants). All studies had a high risk of bias. Sulphonylurea (compounds of the type R-SO2-NHCONH-; when R=Ph, these are a group of hypoglycemic agents which enhance insulin secretion by beta cells and insulin in target tissue) with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, 15 participants) and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. The mean difference in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) from baseline to end of study, for insulin compared to oral therapy, was -1.3% (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.4 to -0.1; P = 0.03, 160 participants, four studies). In addition, there was evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at two years) compared to insulin alone.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) and 63 studies (42,784 participants) in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. Outcomes at four or more months post-intervention were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained beyond the immediate short term. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of these. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if providing hip precautions improved function measured using the Harris Hip Score at 12 month follow-up, or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) measured by the Short Form-12, compared to not providing this. The study did not measure pain, function, HRQOL, re-operation rates or total adverse events. The evidence presented with a high risk of performance, detection and reporting bias. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) evaluated the provision with versus without the prescription of postoperative equipment and restrictions to functional activities. People who were provided with hip precautions with (1/152) compared to without providing equipment or restrictions post-THA (0/151) (RR 2.98, 95% confidence interval (CI 0.12 to 72.59) were more satisfied in the rate of recovery compared to people who were not prescribed after surgery (135/151 satisfied compared to 113/152 satisfied), but the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was 7. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of participants in the study and the risk of bias in the reporting of the results. The other two studies (146 participants; 146 THAs) investigated an enhanced postoperative education and rehabilitation programme. There was no evidence to suggest that providing these programmes improved function or health related quality of living compared to those who did not receive these programmes. The studies did not assess pain, adverse events, global assessment of treatment success or re-operations. The overall quality of this evidence was low.
Three randomised controlled trials were included. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative LNG-IUD use reduces the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA (14/24). All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. Eighteen studies investigated proximity interventions, which included changing the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour. However, the certainty of this evidence as assessed by GRADE is low or very low. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, intervening across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco.
We searched the medical literature for randomized controlled trials (studies in which people are randomly assigned to receive one of two or more antiretroviral drugs or placebo or no treatment) that evaluated the effect of PEP for occupational use in the prevention of HIV infection. We found only one study, which compared the use of zidovudine with placebo in a group of people who had not been exposed to HIV. This study did not show any differences in the rates at which cases and controls were offered post-exposure prophylaxis (anti-HIV drugs) with zidivudine after exposure. However, cases had significantly lower odds of having taken the drug after exposure compared to controls. Adherence to and complications with PEP were higher with a three-drug regimen, especially one containing indinavir, but discontinuation rates were not significantly different. The use of occupational PEP is based on limited direct evidence of effect, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a single case-control study, a four-week regimen should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk of seroconversion.
The purpose of this review was to assess the effects of CBT on pain, disability and mood in people with chronic pain. Behavioural therapy is a type of psychotherapy that aims to change the way people think, behave and cope with their pain. The review found that CBT has small positive effects on disability and catastrophising, but not on pain or mood, when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list or active controls. CBT is effective in altering mood and in improving pain, but only immediately after treatment, and not at follow-up. The quality of the trial design has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not. At present there are insufficient data on the quality or content of treatment to investigate their influence on outcome.
We identified 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met the inclusion criteria. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Ten of the 15 initiatives provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). Five of these showed mean decreases in average daily salt intake per person from pre-intervention to post intervention, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland to Ireland), and two showed mean increases in salt intake. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated interventions of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a statistically significant mean decrease in average salt intake from before the intervention to after the intervention, and one showed a significant mean increase. Nine initiatives permitted quantitative analysis by sex (men and women separately). For women, three initiatives (China, Finland, France, Netherlands, Switzerland, United Kingdom) showed no significant change and two (Canada, United States) showed an average daily increase in salt consumption. For men, five initiatives (Austria, China, Finland; France, UK; Netherlands; and United Kingdom), three showed a decrease, and four showed no statistically significant change. The remaining initiatives did not show any statistically significant average change. Two initiatives showed mean increase in daily salt consumption: Canada (1.66 grams per person) and Switzerland (0.80 grams more per person), however in both countries the data point was from several years prior to the initiation of the intervention and the data were from a study that did not take place until after the study had taken place. For both men and women, there was no significant difference between the groups in terms of salt intake, although in both groups the data was from the study that took place before the study was started. The overall quality of the evidence was very low due to the risk of bias of the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. All initiatives except one used an uncontrolled pre-post study design. Because of high levels of study heterogeneity, we focused on individual initiatives rather than on pooled results.
We included seven studies in this review. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa (Prolopa®) and tryptophan (one study) were compared with placebo. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study, and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no difference or harm. These were the specific findings for each of the drugs according to specific outcomes: 1. asteridol versus placebo for masseteric electromyography (EMG) activity per minute: standardized mean difference (SMD) -0.28 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.91 to 0.34; P value = 0.37), 2. bromOCriptine versus placebo (MD) for bruxism episodes per hour: mean difference 0.60 (95+ CI -2.93 to 4.13), bruxisms (bruxism bursts per hour) or number of episodes with grinding noise: MD 2.40 (95-CI -24.00 to 28.80), 3. clonazine versus placebo: mean improvement of 0.25% (94% CI -1.85 to 2.85) or 0.50 points on a scale of 0 to 100 for number of Bruxism burst episodes per episode: MD 0.24 (96% CI 0.15 to 1.50). 4. cloneidine versus placebo - mean improvement in the mean difference in the number of bruxist episodes per minute (MD 0.00) or the average number of BRUXISM bursts per episode (MD 2.00, 95% CI 1.47 to 49.47), or the mean reduction in the BRUxism Burst per hour. 5. tryptoprine compared to placebo for the measure of muscle activity. The mean difference was 0.06 points. 6. clonyidine compared to a placebo in the measurement of the muscle activity of the mouth. 7. propranol and levodopoietin compared with a placebo for muscle activity in the mouth; mean difference of 0% (SD 0.02 points) and 0.04 points, respectively. We found no clear evidence that any of these drugs were better than placebo for any of the outcomes. The evidence is current to January 2015.
We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants) with the use of immunonutrition alone. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of intervention, types of foods given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. We found no differences in all-cause mortality (longest period of time reported) between those who received immunonutritional supplements with omega-2 fatty acids and those who did not. For secondary outcomes, we are uncertain whether immunonut nutrition with omega 3 fatty acids or supplements reduced mortality. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low.
We included 33 studies that compared open questions with checklist-type questions or rating scales. Two included participant interviews. Despite different designs, populations and details of questioning methods, the narrative review showed that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between elicitation methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. Future studies would be improved by using and reporting clear definitions and terminology for AEs (and other important variables), frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, coded, and tabulated/reported. Any chosen questioning method needs to be feasible for use by both staff and participants.
We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract). We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. We excluded 15 studies: eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP, five studies measured devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure SUDEP; and two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for prevent (brand of veterinary medicine)ing SUDEP. One listed study is awaiting classification. We included one case-control study at serious risk of bias within a qualitative analysis in this review. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls ascertained a protective effect for the presence of nocturnal supervision and when a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. This effect was independent of seizure control. Non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and number of hospital attendances were not reported. We found very low-quality evidence of a preventative effect against SUDEP in people with epilepsy. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, such as seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists, in preventing epilepsy-related suicide.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. These trials involved 208 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst one study enrolled people who had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over in design; participant numbers ranged from 17 to 75. The review's primary outcome, forced expiratory volume in one second, was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies; only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing an active cycle of breathing techniques. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except for one study in which autogenic drain was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak flow (per cent predicted as an outcome). Six studies reported sputum weight. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. Autogenic drainage is a challenging technique that requires commitment from the individual. As such, this intervention merits systematic review to ensure its effectiveness.
Twenty-five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review, of which 22 studies (1060 participants) contributed data to meta-analyses. Based on thirteen studies, psychological therapies, all using a CBT approach, were more effective than TAU/WL in achieving clinical response at post-treatment, and also in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms. No studies conducted longer-term assessments of CBT. Six studies compared CBT against supportive therapy (non-directive therapy and attention-placebo conditions). No significant difference in clinical response was indicated between CBT and supportive therapy, however, significant heterogeneity was indicated, which was partly explained by the number of therapy sessions. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD.
Twelve trials (1,856 women) met the inclusion criteria. Eight of the included trials compared treatment with placebo and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-center trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. Ten trials (1684 women) contributed data to the analyses. The meta-analysis of all women, suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages compared to placebo/controls (moderate-quality evidence). A subgroup analysis comparing placebo-controlled versus non-placebo-controlled trials, trials of women with three or more prior miscarriage compared to women with two or more miscarriage, and different routes of administration showed no clear differences between subgroups for miscarriage. None of the trials reported on any secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. There was probably a slight benefit for women receiving progestogens.
We included 14 studies with 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) versus MIB interventions. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. The included trials rarely captured maternal and neonatal outcomes. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at delivery, or low birth weight. However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups compared to control groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test) in women receiving CM or MIB compared to those receiving control. These results held for both CM and MIB combined. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psychological interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. Few studies evaluated outcomes for the mother or her baby, and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect of these interventions on these clinically important outcomes.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term net adverse clinical events (i.e. assessed during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up) (4 studies; moderate quality evidence), cardiac death, and bleeding (20 studies; low quality evidence). Short-term myocardial infarction (short-term heart attack) was similar between both groups (11 studies; high quality evidence) but was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality (high quality evidence); bleeding, and access site complications (low quality evidence; 16,112 participants; low-quality evidence). Transradial approaches for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short- term NACE, cardiac deaths, bleeding, accessing site complications, and procedural success. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes beyond 30 days.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings. There are six ongoing studies that we expect to include in future versions of this review. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. This and small sample sizes meant that the overall certainty of all the evidence was very low. One individually randomised controlled trial (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a team of people with dementia hospitalised for an acute illness, while the other evaluated a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options on surrogate decision-makers of nursing home residents with dementia. Data for 90 participants (35% of the original study) met the definition of advanced dementia for this review and were re-analysed for the purposes of the review. In this subset, intervention surrogates had lower scores for decisional conflict measured on the Decisional Conflict Scale and were more likely to be available on discharge from hospital. The plan was only adopted for two participants, both in the intervention group, while in hospital. We found no evidence that the intervention affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty.
Three trials reporting two different comparisons were identified. There were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse-free and metastasis-free outcomes based on 1166 randomised women in three trials. On the basis of one trial (244 women), RT before CT was associated with an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis compared with CT, but other measures of toxicity did not differ. The data included in this review, from three well-conducted randomised trials, suggest that different methods of sequencing CT before RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three of the studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo, and the other three studies compared placebo plus CrP versus placebo alone. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. No firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses of different CrP with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events (low-quality evidence). There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We found no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of adding CrP supplements in overweight or obese people.
Eleven studies with a total of 886 participants were included in the review. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a variety of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. In general studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. These factors reduced the quality of the evidence. Two comparisons compared different iodine preparations with no antiseptic treatment and found no clear evidence of effects for these treatments. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. The outcome data available were limited and what evidence there was low quality. This was classed as low quality evidence. There was some evidence of a difference in measures used to assess wound infection (wound with foul smell and number of participants prescribed antibiotics) which favoured the zinc oxide group. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. The evidence was taken from one small study that only had 43 participants. The study reported that sucralfate cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream over a three week period. The trial also reported lower wound pain scores in those treated with sucralFate. There is moderate quality evidence that more open wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed when treated with a honey-soaked gauze compared with a EUSOL-treated gauze over three weeks' follow-up (moderate quality evidence). There was also some evidence that the average length of hospital stay in the honey group was shorter than in those who were treated with the honey gauze group. More Dermacym®-treated post-operative foot wounds in people with diabetes healed compared to those who received iodine. Again, the evidence came from a small study and the quality was low.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or caesarean section (two studies). There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-RCTs (1181 participants, 8037 live births); and two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower-income country (Bangladesh), and three studies had been conducted in Canada. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flour fortified with folic acid and other micronutrients did not have higher levels of total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly, compared to unfortified flour. Folate concentrations in the blood were higher in women who consumed folate-fortified maize porridge compared to those who did not. None of the included RCTs reported on the risk of birth defects. The certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to low. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk for attrition and contamination.
We found two randomised controlled trials involving a total of 1,124,483 infants (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years. Two trials assessed the effects of screening for CF in newborn infants. One trial compared screening to a control group that received no treatment, and the other compared screening versus no treatment in newborns who did not have CF. We found that screening resulted in better chest X-rays in the screened group, but the results were no longer significant after adjustment for genotype, pancreatic status, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa-culture results. Severe malnutrition was less common among screened participants. In screened participants, the odds ratio of weight below the tenth percentile and for height was 4.12 (95% CI 1.64 to 10.38) and for both were 4.62 in the control group. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters within normal limits of at least 89% predicted. Over time, chest radiograph scores were worse in those who had been screened. Screening seems less expensive than traditional diagnosis. Nutritional benefits are apparent. However, confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF.
We found five randomized trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' or'standard' systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. Despite achieving a significantly lower BP (119.3/64.4 mmHg vs 133.5/70.5 mmHG, P < 0.0001), and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant benefit in the group assigned to 'lower’ blood pressure target was a reduction in the incidence of stroke. The effect of SBP targets on mortality was compatible with both a reduction and increase in risk: RR 1.05 CI 0.84 to 1.30, low quality evidence. Four trials (ABCD-H, ABCD-N, and a subgroup of HOT) specifically compared clinical outcomes for diastolic pressure (DBP) in people with diabetes. The total number of participants included in the DBP target analysis was 2580. There was a trend towards reduction in total mortality, mainly due to a trend to lower non-cardiovascular mortality. Trying to achieve the lower BP target was associated with a significant increase in the number of other serious adverse events: RR 2.58, 95% CI 1.70 to 3.91, absolute risk increase 2.0%.
Fourteen trials (709 participants) met the inclusion criteria for the review. One study compared two different types of non-removable casts with no discernable difference between the groups. Seven studies (366 participants) compared removable pressure-relieving devices with removable casts. In five of those studies the number of ulcers healed more quickly with the removable device compared with the cast. Two studies (98 participants) found that significantly more ulcers had healed with non- removable casts than with dressings alone. Achilles tendon lengthening combined with a non-disappearing cast resulted in significantly more healed ulcers at 7 months than the cast alone. More ulcers remained healed at two years in this group. Other comparisons included surgical debridement, felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention. Non- removable devices, when combined with Achilles tendon extension, are more effective in healing plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings, alone.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) describing six interventions. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions, two of compensatory strategy training interventions (n = 95), one of meditation and one of physical activity interventions (19 participants) were identified. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on objectively assessed cognitive function (including processing speed, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed- and immediate- memory, subjectively reported cognitive function and mental well-being) and self-reported cognitive function, as well as spiritual quality of life (QoL). However, the meta-analyses of two RCTs (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from cognitive training immediately or two months post-intervention on physical well being immediately or on mental well being two months after the end of the intervention. The evidence for physical activity and meditation interventions on cognitive outcomes is unclear. We assessed the assembled studies using GRADE for physical and mental health outcomes and this evidence was rated to be low quality and, therefore findings should be interpreted with caution. Overall, the, albeit low-quality evidence may be interpreted to suggest that non-pharmacological interventions may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following systemic cancer treatment. Larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active attentional control group and consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) are required in order to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this approach. There is also a need to conduct research into cognitive impairment among cancer patient groups other than women with breast cancer.
We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants, and excluded one trial. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and piperacetazine. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS). No clear difference was observed (MD -0.40, 95% CI -1.41 to 0.61; participants = 182; studies = 1; very low-quality evidence). Chlorpromazine appears no worse or better than Piperacetazine regarding adverse effect. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear differences in numbers of participants leaving the study early for any reason were observed. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. More high quality research is needed. Currently, should clinicians and people with schizophrenia need to choose which drug to use, they should be aware there is no good quality evidence to base decisions.
Five randomised trials were identified with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stenting and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups, and the stent related perforation rate was 5.88%.The stent migration rate was 2.13%. The mean procedure/operating time was 113.93 minutes. The mean hospital stay was 11.53 days and the mean time spent in hospital was 17.15 days. The median blood loss was 50 ml and 350 ml in the colic and emergency surgery groups respectively. The use of colic stents is not recommended.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin or HES with placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though heterogeneity was substantial (seven studies, 1452 high risk women; I² = 69%, very low quality evidence). This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to12%) with the use of albumin. However, there was a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates. If the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it would be about 32% (27% to 38%) without albumin and 16% (2% to 10%) with HES.
Ten studies involving 484 patients were included in this review. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any one agent versus another. Patients were less satisfied with placebo, and there was some evidence suggesting that polidocanol was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate was no more painful than placebo. Evidence from one study suggested that sodium salt water solution (STS) was more painful and more toxic than POL, heparsal (20% saline mixed with heparin 100 units/mL) or placebo, but the evidence was inconclusive.
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. Meta-analysis of these seven included studies was not possible due to heterogeneity of the treatments and because many of the studies did not provide sufficient statistical information with their results. Allocation and blinding methodology was poorly described in most studies. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. Salbutamol administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. Intravenous (IV) and nebulised (nebulised) MDI produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes, respectively. Insulin-dextrose was more effective than IV. When compared to other interventions, salbutamic acid had similar effect to insulin, but was better than bicarbonate. The peak effect of 10 mg nebulisation of 10-minute duration was seen at 120 minutes (MD -1.29 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.64 to -0.94) and at 90 minutes for 20 mg (MD-MDI). One study reported 1.2 mg via MDI, which was similar to the dose given in the IV study, but had a higher peak effect at 1.18 mmol/l (MDMD-1.18 kg/m2). In summary, the evidence is current to September 2013.
We included 29 studies, enrolling 4216 participants in this review, however only 30 studies, involving 3392 participants, contained enough data to be meta-analysed. These studies compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD). Fifteen studies used antibiotic lock solutions, 21 used non-anti-biotic antimicrobial antimicrobial locks, and 4 used both. Studies reported the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Antimicrobial lock solution probably reduces CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.27 to 0.53; I2 = 54%; low certainty evidence), however antimicrobial drug powder probably makes little or no difference to the risk of thromboembolic events.
We identified 15 eligible studies (1098 participants). Of these, six looked at pre-emptive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at antiviral prophylaxis (antiviral drugs given before the onset of symptoms) versus antiviral treatment, and one reported on oral versus intravenous treatment. Compared with placebo or standard care, the number of people who developed CMV disease was reduced by 50% in the six studies that looked at this comparison. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. Leucopenia was significantly less common in people who received antiviral therapy compared with those who received standard care. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. Despite the inclusion of five additional studies in this update, few RCTs have evaluated the effects of pre-prescribing antiviral drugs to prevent CMV diseases.
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) met our inclusion criteria: these investigated a total of 140 participants and ranged from six weeks to five months in duration. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. All RCTs compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. There was a statistically significant improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at three- to five-month follow-up with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo. No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is insufficient evidence about the use of sweet potatoes for the control of blood glucose levels. Further observational trials and randomized controlled trials are needed to guide clinical practice.
We included 19 studies with a total of 440 people with cystic fibrosis. Five studies compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiratory pressure. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessors' blinding. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the included studies blinded participants or the personnel applying the intervention. The studies reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. There was no significant difference in quality of life, sputum weight, exercise tolerance, lung function, or oxygen saturation between those who received the intervention and those who did not. No significant difference was seen in lung function and the number of pulmonary exacerbations. All other outcomes were either not measured or had insufficient data for analysis. Five of the 19 studies, with data from eight different comparators, found that the activity was comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference (quality of life), quality of exercise tolerance (lack of exercise), lung function (low oxygen saturation), and number of lung attacks. Preference of technique varied: more participants preferred autogenic ventilation over the activity; more preferred the activity to be combined with airway drainage devices; and more were comfortable with the activity. There is not enough evidence to support or reject the use of the activity over any other airway clearance therapy. Longer-term studies are needed.
We included eight randomised controlled trials with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the standard insemination protocol. Live birth was not reported in the included studies. For ongoing pregnancy rate, there were 127 ongoing pregnancies in two trials including 426 women. The low quality evidence showed an increased ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rate compared to the standard overnight insemination protocol. For the miscarriage rate there were six miscarriages in one trial including 167 women. This low quality of evidence suggested no significant difference in the odds of miscarriage between the two treatment groups. Measuring clinical pregnancy, three trials including 372 women showed that there were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials involving 372 women, compared to 72 clinical pregnancies during the standard procedure. For live birth, there was no evidence of a difference in live birth rate between the short-term and long-term use of the incubator. This review has provided evidence to support the use of a brief incubator in IVF for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. More RCTs are required to assess whether brief incubation would contribute to a higher live birth and a lower miscarriage rate.
In this review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, a long IT was associated with an increase in air leaks and deaths before hospital discharge. There was no significant difference in the incidence of BPD. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care, because the studies included in this review were conducted prior to the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of ventilatory support.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. Most of the studies were of low methodological quality. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed. Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. Nevertheless, some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention. No adverse effects were reported.
We identified 38 trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural interventions and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials retention was the number of participants remaining in the trial. Strategies that improved trial retention were addition of monetary incentives compared with no incentive for return of trial-related postal questionnaires (RR 1.18; 95% CI 1.09 to 1.28, P value < 0.0001), addition of an offer of monetary incentive compared with a no-intervention monetary incentive and the offer of a GBP20 voucher compared with GBP10. There was no evidence that a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary incentive or a questionnaire. The evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires was unclear and the evidence for questionnaires relevant to the disease/condition was also unclear. Although each was based on the results of a single trial, recorded delivery of questionnaires seemed to be more effective than telephone reminders and a 'package' of postal communication strategies with reminder letters appeared to be better than standard procedures. An open trial design also appeared better than a blind trial design for returning questionnaires in one fracture prevention trial. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated questionnaire response. As our analyses are based on single trials, the effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to trial sites and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further evaluation. Case management and behavioural strategies used for trial retention may also warrant more evaluation.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. Seven included studies provided data related only to the primary review outcome, and eight studies provided information related to more than one secondary outcome. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. Data show no important differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1453 children. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. Participants were aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience improvement in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias from incomplete outcome data and significant heterogeneity.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. Odds ratios (OR) for the two studies (802) with dichotomous discrimination outcomes did not show an effect: results were 1.30 (95% CI 0.53 to 3.19) and 1.19. The 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had median SMDs favouring the intervention, at the three following time periods: -0.38 (immediate), -0.38 (1 week to 2 months) and -049 (6 to 9 months). SMDs for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from -2.94 to 2.40. The findings indicate that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from that associated with schizophrenia or major depression. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. Our review found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. The quality of the evidence was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects and very low for costs.
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, and 17 studies incorporated the views of healthcare providers. We developed 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context; service design and provision; and what matters to women and staff. We also developed two lines of argument, using high- or moderate-confidence findings: For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. Women’s perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their general beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or a risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience of ANC when they access it for the first time. For healthcare providers, the capacity to deliver the kind of high-quality, relationship-based, locally accessible ANC that is likely to facilitate access by women depends on the provision of sufficient resources and staffing as well as the time to provide flexible personalised, private appointments that are not overloaded with organisational tasks. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value kind, caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Healthcare providers also require sufficient training and education to do their job well, and an adequate salary, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to supplement their income, or to fund essential supplies.
Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review; three of the studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Overall, calcium antagonists reduced the risk of poor outcome: the relative risk (RR) was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72 to 0.92); the corresponding number of patients needed to treat with calcium antagonists was 19. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral nimmodipine; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. Calcium antagonists reduce the occurrence of secondary ischaemia and showed a favourable trend for case fatality. Magnesium sulphate, when added to standard treatment, reduced the RR for poor outcome and the clinical signs of second ischaemic episodes. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice on the basis of the present evidence.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 739 children. The first updated search identified a manuscript reporting additional follow-up data for one of these RCTs, while the second update identified an erratum of this study. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. There was a significant statistical difference in event-free survival in favour of myeloablative therapy over conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment, but the difference in overall survival was no longer statistically significant (two studies, 360 patients; HR 0.86, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.01). The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death did not show any significant statistical differences between the treatment groups. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease in the infusion group compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference between the two treatment groups was identified. No information on quality of life was reported. All studies had different subgroups, and the results were not univocal in all studies.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that fulfilled our inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The median follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the evidence as low to very low certainty. TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may be associated with lower all-cause mortality and increased tumour response, despite the increased toxicity expressed by a higher rise of total bilirubin and serum transaminases in the TACE group. None of the trials reported serious adverse events. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE plus 3-dCRT showed no difference in the results for proportion of participants with leukopenia (a decrease in the number of leukocytes in the blood sample below the normal range (LEUKOCYTE COUNT less than 4000). However, the percentage of participants who had serum alpha-fetoproteinAFP without decline or normalisation (a protein that indicates the absence of tumour shrinkage) was significantly lower in participants who received TACE compared with those who did not receive TACE, but these data were from one trial only. One trial on health-related quality of life, which is a measure of a person's satisfaction with their life and health, was reported, but the provided data were ill-defined (very low-certainty evidence). We found no evidence that TACE or TCRT was associated with any more or less harmful side effects than TACE. The overall quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low certainty because of the small number of trials and participants, the small numbers of participants, and the low certainty of the results.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. Fourteen studies that appeared to be relevant were excluded, as no study directly compared increased versus standard energy intakes in infants with CLD/BPD. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. To date, no randomised clinical trials are available that examine the effects of increasing energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) chronic lung disease and biliary cholangitis. Research should be directed at evaluating the effects on clinically important outcomes like mortality, respiratory status, growth and neurodevelopment. The benefits and harms of various levels of energy intake on this group of infants need to be assessed.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein or low) or low (femoral vein) for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome and high at best for two outcomes. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. Two-dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of inadvertent arterial puncture (three trials, 498 participants, risk ratio (RR, 0.21, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.82; P value 0.02, I² = 0%) and haematoma formation (a collection of blood outside the blood vessel). No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications (combined, US, US), number of attempts until success (US, US or first-time (US)) or time taken to insert the catheter (US), overall. For the femoral vein (nine studies, 2030 participants, 2049 procedures), two-dimensional ultrasonography was associated with a reduced risk of accidental puncture and a lower risk of bleeding, but there was no evidence of an increased risk of total or any other complications. There was no difference in the success rate or the time taken for insertion of a catheter, or in the number of times it was necessary to try again. There were no data on the need for re-insertion of the catheters, the length of time taken, or the cost of the procedure. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low.
Fifteen studies were included using four different methods of administration of physostigmine. Four studies, 29 people, used an intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people took the drug in a controlled-release oral form, and one study, 181 people, took it in a verum skin patch. Intravenous infusion There are no usable results from the intravenous infusions. Oral form The few results from two of the four studies of the controlled release form of the drug apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration (Titration period) period. The best dose of the oral form was associated with improvement on the ADAS-Cog score compared with placebo at 6, 12 weeks. There were statistically significantly higher numbers of patients from the control group withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events (13/83 vs 5/93, p=0.02) and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating. There was no significant difference in adverse events between the control and the control groups. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous or oral administration for the treatment of Crohn's disease.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with history of stroke, and one trial recruited a mix of people with CVD. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate. The meta-analysis (including all fibrate trials) showed evidence for a protective effect of fibrates primarily compared to placebo for the primary composite outcome of non-fatal stroke, non-myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death. Fibrates were moderately effective for preventing MI occurrence (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.80 to 0.93; participants = 13,942; studies = 10; I2 = 24%, fixed effect). Fibrate were not effective against all-cause mortality, death from vascular causes, and stroke events. Excluding clofibrate, as the use of this class of drugs was discontinued in 2002 due to safety concerns, the remaining class of fibrate drugs were no longer effective in preventing MI.
Twelve trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants) satisfied inclusion criteria and contributed data to the analysis. All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. Overall, included studies had moderate risk of bias for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding, selective reporting and low risk for incomplete data. The quality of evidence was also as assessed using GRADE. Blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL was less common in women who received TA versus placebo and no intervention, and this effect was similar following vaginal birth and CS. Mean blood loss (from delivery until two hours postpartum) was lower in women with TA compared with placebo and/or no intervention (mean difference MD - 77.79 mL, 95% CI -97.95, -57.64, five trials, 1186 women). Additional medical interventions (blood transfusions) and blood transfusions were less frequent in women receiving TA. Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain were more common in the TA group than in the control group. The effect of TA on bleeding greater than 500 mL or 400 mL was more pronounced in the group of women having vaginal birth than in women having CS, but not vaginal birth. TA was effective in decreasing the incidence of blood loss of 1000 mL or more following CS.
We identified 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir to treat influenza A in children. The studies were conducted in the USA, Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the USA. The mean age of the participants in the studies ranged from 15 to 65 years. The duration of treatment ranged from three days to one month. The results showed that the antiviral drug rimantadines was effective in preventing flu in children (773 participants, 95% CI 5 to 34). The assumed risk of flu in the control group was 10 per 100. The corresponding risk of influenza A was 14 per 100 in children in the placebo group (95% CI 0 to 3). However, the quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drug was not well established. The evidence was of moderate quality in children: one study with low risk of bias, moderate evidence quality and 69 participants.
We included nine trials, which included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing intrauterine insemination (IUI) and in two studies they were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials one trial also compared the two types of intervention in the cycle prior to IUI. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of injury. When we restricted the analysis to only studies at low risk of bias the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometrium injury was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS). However, only one study reported this outcome. This study did not report the primary outcome of pain during the procedure. The quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low (risk ratio (RR) 2.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.56 to 3.15; six RCTs, 950 participants; I² statistic = 0%, very low-quality evidence). When we compared hysteroscopy (an examination of the inside of the uterus using a camera) with the use of endometriosis alone, there was no evidence of a difference in ongoing pregnancy rate or clinical pregnancy rate. Neither of the two studies reported the primary outcomes of pain. The evidence is of low quality due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of women included in the studies. When the analysis was restricted to only women who were undergoing IUI compared to the same cycle as the IUI, there were no differences in live birth/ongoing pregnancy rates or in the number of clinical pregnancy rates between the two groups of women. We are uncertain about the effect of the intervention compared to either no intervention or a sham intervention as the quality of evidence was very low. Endometrial injuries may improve live birth and ongoing pregnancy rates, however the evidence is based on low quality evidence.
We included four studies with a total of 3905 participants in this review. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found no high-quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia in nursing home residents. We were unable to determine whether professional dental care resulted in a lower incidence rate of NHAP compared with usual care over an 18-month period. We could not determine whether there was a difference in the number of first episodes of pneumonia when compared to usual care, but we were uncertain whether or not there was any difference in all-cause mortality when measured at 24-month follow-up. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. The quality of the evidence for other outcomes is inconclusive. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care, and no studies assessed the risk of adverse effects. The overall quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
Five studies (149 participants) met the inclusion criteria. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (2.4 g/day for 6 to 8 weeks), mesalazine versus placebo plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate versus mesaazine. Budesonide (9 mg/day) was significantly more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. Clinical response was noted in 88% of budesonides patients compared to 38% of placebo patients (2 studies; 57 participants). Histological response were noted in 78% of budsonide patients compared with 33% of patients treated with placebo. Forty-one patients were enrolled in the study assessing mesalazines (4 g daily) versus placebo. The study was judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (i.e. participants and researchers knew which treatment they were receiving). The other 3 studies were judged to have a low quality due to the small number of participants in the studies and the low risk of systematic errors in the design of the studies.
Twelve randomised controlled trials were included and evaluated outcomes in 3259 randomised patients with type 2 diabetes. Intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared SMBG with usual care without monitoring, one study compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with SMUG and one study was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG with standard care. Seven out of 11 studies had a low risk of bias for most indicators. Meta-analysis of studies including patients with a diabetes duration of one year or more showed a statistically significant decrease in HbA1c at up to six months follow-up, yet an overall statistically non-significant SMBG induced decrease was seen at 12 month follow up. Qualitative analysis of the effect of SMBG on patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life showed no effect. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. From this review, we conclude that when diabetes duration is over one year, the overall effect on glycaemic control in patients who are not using insulin is small.
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD met the inclusion criteria, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Compared to the control condition, cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance was superior for outpatients with cocaine dependence in one study, but CBT plus treatment as usual was not superior for men with recent verbal/physical violence in another. Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; CBT with maintenance; and the 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated program' with incarceration) appeared effective, in terms of improvement in at least one outcome. Each of these interventions had some adverse effects. A multi-component intervention utilising motivational interviewing principles (a client-centered, directive method for eliciting intrinsic motivation to change using open-ended questions, reflective listening, and decisional balancing) plus incarceration was superior to incarceration alone for drink-driving offenders. However, contingency management was superior in social functioning and counselling session attendance in the latter. In conclusion, there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD.
This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. Five studies contributed data relating to purulent rhinitis, with a total of 791 participants. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. Interpretation of the combined data is limited because some studies included only children or only adults, or only males; a wide range of antibiotics were used and outcomes were measured in different ways. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. There is no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for common cold in children or adults, and there was an increase in adverse effects in the studies of antibiotics for acute purulent rinitis.
We included five trials (162 randomised participants). Three trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department, and one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two were younger than 15 years. None of the trials measured our efficacy primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions, and because we are very uncertain about the results presented. One three-armed trial (N = 43) assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) intramuscularly once a day) versus no treatment (six weeks of treatment, with eight-week follow up from start of treatment). No adverse events were observed in either group, and there was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in the proportion of participants with clear or almost clear skin (risk ratio (RR) 2.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.68 to 5.85). One trial (n = 20) assessed rifampicin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14-day treatment duration; six-week treatment duration) in one group; none of the review outcomes were measured. These trials did not measure the percentage of participants achieving PASI 75 or PGA 1 to 2. We rated the quality of the results as very low-quality evidence, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and high-risk of outcome reporting bias) and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events).
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 933 participants with MS; 464 were randomised to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the comparator group. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested a different form of vitamin D. Vitamin D did not increase the risk of serious adverse effects within a range of 26 to 52 weeks' follow-up (eight trials; 621 participants; low-quality evidence according to GRADE). Vitamin D had no effect on the annualised relapse rate, on the Expanded Disability Status Scale, or on MRI gadolinium-enhancing T1 lesions. Three studies reported health-related quality of life (HRQOL) using different HRQOL scales. One study reported that vitamin D was associated with minor adverse effects, but the quality of the evidence was very low.
We identified seven new studies in this update. We excluded six, and one study is ongoing so also not included in this review. This review contains a total of 62 included studies, with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design ranging from one to 15 days, with the greatest number (11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. Overall we judged the included studies to be at high risk of bias because the methods of randomisation and allocation concealment were poorly reported. The primary outcomes for this review were participant-reported pain and pain relief. Fifteen studies compared oral morphine modified release with morphine immediate release (MIR) preparations with MIR by a different route of administration. Six studies compared MIR with other opioids. Two studies compared rectal Mm/r with rectal morphine, and two compared MM/r in different strengths; six of these included 24-hour modified release products. We did not find any evidence to suggest that MIR was superior to other opioids in terms of pain relief or side effects. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low.
Fourteen trials were included, totalling 1260 participants. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias, and reporting bias. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery versus open surgery (five studies); open surgery plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection (one study); or steroid injection versus steroid injection. The primary comparison was open surgery, because open surgery is the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and considered as standard surgery, whereas steroid injection is the least invasive control treatment method as reported in these studies in this review. Compared with steroid injections, endoscopic surgery was compared with open surgery; and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery were made: transverse incision of the skin in the distal palmar crease (the skin about 2–3 mm distally from the tip of the finger), and longitudinal incision (an incision in the skin that travels down to the skin surface). Most studies were at high risk of bias.
Three randomised controlled trials, with 931 participants, tested different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of performance and detection bias. The studies were otherwise at low risk of bias. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, demonstrated a statistically significant overall survival (OS) benefit for RT plus PCV, with a median OS of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm (P value = 0.018). This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent prognostic factors for OS in two of the RCTs (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and EORTC), and were predictive for survival in one trial. The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three trials compared intranasal corticosteroids against placebo; two trials compared oral montelukast against placebo. We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not analysed as randomised, and we also had concerns about selective reporting in another trial. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI, desaturation index, respiratory arousal index, oxygen saturation, and nadir oxygen saturation between children receiving intran asalicoids and those in the placebo group. In contrast, we are uncertain whether the secondary outcomes are different between the two groups of children. Children receiving oral montlukast had a lower AHI and lower respiratory arousal and oxygen saturation scores compared to those receiving placebo. The certainty of the evidence ranged from low to high.
This review included six randomized controlled trials and three controlled clinical trials (including 1291 children) that investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134, antithrombin (AT n = 37, low-dose warfarin n = 31, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplementation n = 240, AT or fibrinogen deficiency n = 737) compared with no intervention (n = 737), and one controlled clinical trial (CCT) compared AT supplementation and LMWH n = 41. Of the six included RCTs/CCTs, five investigated preventing VTE in children with VTE when no intervention was compared with AT supplementation, and one CCT compared AT supplemented with LMWH supplementation. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. The review authors did not find any evidence to support the use of anticoagulant drugs to prevent VTE, and therefore no conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness of these interventions. However, it is important to note that there is a need for further research in this area.
Three trials with a total of 287 participants operated on for Type I or II TAAA were included. In the first trial of 98 participants, neurological deficits in the lower extremities occurred in 14 (30%) of the CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%), and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) participants. CSFD did not have a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. The second trial of 33 participants used a combination of CSFD and intrathecal papaverine, which showed a statistically significant reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit (P = 0.039). In the third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. The CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in postoperative deficits. Meta-analysis showed an odds ratio (OR) of 0.48 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 0.92). For CSFD-only trials, OR was 0.57 (95% CI 0.28 to 1.17) and for intention-to-treat analysis in CSDF-only studies, the OR remained unchanged. There are limited data supporting the role of CSDF in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with a total of 662 participants, in this review. Our primary outcomes of interest were as follows: Participant-rated global improvement, Percentage of participants reaching Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which meant equal to or more than 75% reduction in PASI score), Withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate. We report the results of intention-to-treat analyses (ITT) here. In one RCT of NB-UVB compared with oral PUVA in participants with CPP, there was no difference in the reduction in the severity score. In three other RCTs of CPP in terms of the clearance rate, the clearance rates were inconsistent. Pooled data from these three studies indicated that withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different between either group (RR 0.71, 95% CI 0.20 to 2.54; N = 247; low quality). The evidence from two left-right body comparison trials found no significant difference between the NSV and bath PUVA groups for the number of people who withdrew from the studies due to the side-effect list. The quality of the evidence from the comparison of NSV with PUVA for CPP was also low, because of the small number of participants and the inconsistent results.
Twenty-one eligible studies were identified with a total of 1525 participants. About half of the trials had low risk of bias for randomisation and allocation concealment. One small trial showed that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone. The combined data of two trials showed that the number of people failing to achieve full continence or the escape of stool from the rectum was significantly lower when electrical stimulation was added to biofeedby compared with electrical stimulation alone.
Thirty nine randomised trials were identified for inclusion in the review. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. The data gave only an imprecise estimate of any difference in urinary tract infection. Using a urinary catheter versus not using one  The data from five trials were heterogeneous but tended to indicate a higher risk of (re-catheterisation) if a catheter was not used postoperatively. In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter rather than a suprapubic one was used following surgery. Shorter postoperative duration of catheter use versus longer duration of use  In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggested fewer urinary tract infections when a catheters were removed earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days) with no clear pattern in respect to catheterisation.  In a single small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed a significantly greater incidence of infection compared with the immediate catheter removal group.   Clamp and release policies before catheter collection versus immediate removal of the catheter (removed)  In the one small trial that reported data on this outcome, there was a significant increase in the number of patients who had to be re-cathetersised if the clamp and release group were allowed to keep their catheter in place for a longer period of time.
Ten studies (3340 participants) were included in the review. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies compared placebo to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment (754 participants), and one study compared lithium versus haloperidine (347 participants). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. The evidence is current to May 2015. Evidence shows that aripyprazole was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks. No statistically significant differences were noted at three weeks (moderate quality evidence) or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of included studies and the high number of people who dropped out of the studies.
We found two randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared urokinase lock treatment with concomitant systemic antibiotics (n = 56 participants) versus systemic antibiotics alone. We found no evidence of significant difference in the number of participants cured, number of recurrent CVC-related infections, or number of days until the first negative blood culture. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three studies). All studies had methodological limitations and clinical heterogeneity between studies was present. No RCTs or CCTs evaluating antibiotic lock treatments were identified. Not all studies were included in all analyses.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on training people to activate was more beneficial for acute whiplash-related pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term but not long-term follow-up, but not for acute to chronic neck pain. Advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics: Very low quality evidence favoured other treatment or showed no difference in effectiveness. Self-care strategies: One trial, 58 participants, indicated that self-care techniques did not relieve pain for acute or chronic neck pains.  Low quality evidence showed that specific exercise training was not beneficial at short-term or long term follow-ups. Advice to activate: There was no evidence of benefit or difference for pain reduction, function or global perceived improvement from generic information given out in emergency care (control), or from advice on pain and stress coping in the short- or intermediate- or long- term, for acute and chronic neck and shoulder pain.  Very low- to very low-quality evidence (nine trials using diverse educational approaches) showed either no benefit or no difference for varied outcomes.  Advice on stress-coping skills: There were no clear differences in effectiveness between groups in terms of pain reduction or function, or in the number of people who reported feeling able to cope with stress.  Only one trial, which involved 192 participants, showed a benefit in reducing pain with specific exercise.  Other TPE interventions: None of the included in this review showed effectiveness. With the exception of one study, this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition. This plain language summary has been written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation.
We found 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria as the Cochrane review, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences, and formed the basis of a thematic synthesis, which is presented in appendices to this review. There is insufficient rigorous evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations. We suggest that ideally communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. The thematic syntheses can be used to inform policy and practice decisions for communicating with people at risk in the absence of rigorous studies.
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RSL symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group (using the IRLSSS: MD -7.0; 95% CI -9.69 to -4.31 and the CGI -1.11; 95-CI -149 to -0.73). There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake at night, or naps during the day. Quality of sleep was measured by sleep adequacy, sleep quantity, and sleep quantity. The proportion of remitters (patients who woke up more often than those who took the placebo) was greater in patients who took opioids than in those taking placebo. The major adverse events were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS symptoms, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence).
Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults with distal radius fractures, were included in this review. Although all trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation, there was considerable variation especially in terms of patient characteristics and interventions. Methodological weaknesses among these trials included lack of allocation concealment and inadequate outcome assessment. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. External fixation maintained reduced fracture positions (redisplacement requiring secondary treatment): 7/356 versus 51/338 (data from 9 trials); relative risk 0.17, 95% confidence interval 0.09 to 0.32) and prevented (brand of veterinary medicine) late collapse and malunion compared with plaster casts immobilisation. Although external fixation was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor. Probably, some complications could have been avoided using a different surgical technique for pin insertion. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsally displaced fractures of the distal Radius in adults. Though there is not enough evidence to suggest a better functional outcome, external fixation reduces redispl placement, gives improved anatomical results and most of the excess surgically-related complications are minor.
Five studies (1127 patients) were included in our analysis. Generally the risk of bias of the included studies was judged low or unclear; they addressed the research question and utilised a prospective randomised design. It is uncertain whether early stent removal after kidney transplantation improved the incidence of MUC. The incidence of UTI may be reduced in the early stents removal group (5 studies, 1127 participants). This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was only apparent if a BI stent was used, (3 studies, 539 participants). However, if an externalised ureteric stent (PU stent) was used there was no discernible difference in UTI occurrence between the early and late group. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations; and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with filling. The final study compared two different types of crowns. In the two studies using crowns fitted with the conventional method, all teeth had undergone pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted with the Hall technique) versus non-restorative caries treatment.
We included 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) that compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage, oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. Forced expiratory volume in one second was the review's primary outcome and the most frequently reported outcome in the studies (24 studies, 716 participants). Single interventions or series of treatments that continued for up to three months demonstrated little or no difference in effect between PEP and other methods of airway clearance on this outcome (low- to moderate-quality evidence). However, long-term studies had equivocal or conflicting results regarding the effect. A second primary outcome was the number of respiratory exacerbations. There was a lower exacerbation rate in participants using PEP compared with ACBT. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
Four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease met the inclusion criteria and were used in the meta-analyses. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other three studies were judged to be at low risk. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission at week 8 (moderate certainty evidence). The raw numbers of participants achieving remission in this review were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the placebo groups, respectively. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events differs between CZPs and placebo. Serious adverse events included worsening Crohn’s disease, infections, and malignancy. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
One hundred and twelve studies met our selection criteria: 15 were studies of adults with CKD; 16 studies were conducted in the general population but provided subgroup data for people with chronic kidney disease; and 81 studies included CKD, however, data for this subgroup were not provided. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was frequently high or unclear. Of the 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported disaggregated and extractable data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension or quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. The effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi), aldosterone antagonists, and vasopressin receptor antagonists on death (any cause) were uncertain. Treatment with beta-blockers may reduce the number of hospitalisations for heart failure and kidney function. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
Three studies involving a total of 1945 women were included. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no statistically significant difference between groups. Given that this review is based on three studies (N = 1945 women of moderate quality), there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of one form of monitoring over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour.
We included two studies involving 54 participants with CVI. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups, whereas the second study reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction (amount of blood pumped out of the left lower chamber of the heart with each heart beat) compared with baseline (mean difference (MD) 4.88%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.16 to 6.60; 30 participants), half venous refilling time (MD 4.20 seconds, 95% CI 3.28 to 5.12; 23 participants; P < 0.00001) and total venous filling time were observed in people who exercised compared with those who did not. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with chronic visual field impairment. Future research should consider types of exercise protocols (intensity, frequency and time), sample size and blinding and homogeneity according to severity of disease.
Seventy-six trials with a median quality score of 3 (range 1 to 5) were identified. Follow-up periods varied between day of last injection and eighteen months. Forty trials included comparisons of hyaluronan/hylan with placebo (saline or arthrocentesis). Ten trials included compared of intra-articular (IA) corticosteroids, six trials included comparing of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), three trials included different types of physical therapy, two trials included a comparison of exercise with arthroscopy and conventional treatment, and fifteen trials included other hyaluronic acid derivatives. The pooled analyses of the effects of viscosupplementation against 'placebo' controls generally supported the efficacy of this class of intervention. Of note is the 5 to 13 week post injection period which showed a percent improvement from baseline of 28 to 54% for pain and 9 to 32% for function. In general, comparable efficacy was noted against NSAIDs and longer-term benefits were noted in comparisons against IA cortics. In these same analyses, differential efficacy effects were observed for different product types on different variables and at different timepoints. Based on the aforementioned analyses, visco-stimulants are an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient global assessment; and in different post injection periods. It is of note that the magnitude of the clinical effect, as expressed by the WMD and standardised mean difference (SMD) from the RevMan 4.2 output, is an important factor in this review.
We included 10 randomised clinical trials with a total of 4052 participants in this review. Four trials (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics; one trial included women who had received prophylactic uterotonic drugs, and the other did not. Adjunctive use of misopropol (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) combined with simultaneous administration of additional drugs did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality (risk ratio (RR) 6.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.75 to 50.85), serious maternal illness or admission to intensive care or hysterectomy, or both. Two trials (1787 participants), comparing 800 mcg sublingual (sublingual infusion) versus oxytocin infusion, showed that women given sublingually infused fluids were more likely to have additional blood loss of at least 1000 mL (RR 2.65; 95% CI 1.04 to 6.75) and to have a significant increase in vomiting and shivering (RR 0.79 (95% CI 0.30 to 2.11) when compared with women who did not receive these drugs. Misoprostols caused fewer side effects when used as first-line therapy for the treatment of primary PPH. One trial compared lower segment compression but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with PPH unresponsive to conventional drugs and/or haemostatics. Two studies attempted to test the effectiveness of estrogen and tranexamic acid, respectively, but were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. Clinical trials included in the current review were not adequately powered to assess the impact on the primary outcome measures.
Six trials fulfilled entry criteria. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm infants. One large multicenter RCT evaluated short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation of cysteine-containing PN in extremely low birth weight infants (≤ 1000 grams). Growth was not significantly affected by supplementation. Nitrogen retention was significantly increased by supplementation (4 trials) (WMD 31.8 mg/kg/day, 95% confidence interval +8.2, +55.4, n = 95, including 73 preterm newborn infants). Plasma levels of Cysteine were significantly increased in the short term (up to 36 postmenstrual weeks), but not by long-term supplementation (up until the age of 36 weeks). The risk of death by 36 weeks, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, death or BPD, retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), severe ROP, or neonatal brain injury were not significantly reduced by the use of short term supplementation. There was no evidence of an effect on growth (1 trial) or on the risk of BPD or death (one trial). There was some evidence of a beneficial effect on nitrogen retention, but no evidence on growth, growth restriction, or adverse effects. There is insufficient evidence to determine the effects of supplementation with cysteines in preterm babies.
We identified 77 trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes. We present here only the comparisons of active interventions versus no intervention in which two or more trials reported at least one of the following outcomes: mortality at maximal follow up, serious adverse events, and health-related quality of life, the outcomes that determine whether a treatment should be used. Overall, all the evidence was very low quality. Only one trial was at low risk of bias in all domains. All other trials were at high risk of systematic errors. There was no evidence of difference between antioxidants and no intervention. None of the participants developed serious side effects in the trial which reported the proportion of people with serious side events (87 participants). The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low. The main limitations of this review were the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1282 participants with MCI at baseline, of which 1172 had analysed data; 430 participants converted to Alzheimer’s disease dementia and 130 participants to other forms of dementia. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. The accuracy of the CSF t-tau was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity and specificity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificities ranged from 48% to 88%. At the median sensitivity of 72%, the estimated sensitivity was 75% (95% CI 67 to 85), the positive likelihood ratio was 2.72, and the negative likelihood ratios were 0.32. Six studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases) evaluated the accuracy of CSF p- tau. The sensitivity was between 40% and 100%, while the specificity was between 22% and 86%. The estimated specificity of 47.5%, the average sensitivity was 81%, and the sensitivity was 1.55%. Five studies (140 cases and 293 non-case) assessed the sensitivity and the specificity value ranged between 80% and 96%, and between 33% and 95%. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because the studies were too few and small. Only one study reported the accuracy. The findings are based on studies with poor reporting. A significant number of studies had unclear risk of bias for the reference standard, participant selection and flow and timing domains. According to the assessment of index test domain, eight of 15 studies were of poor methodological quality. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, participant sample size, index test methodology and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). We were not able to formally assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of randomised controlled trials available to be included. The insufficiency and heterogeneity of research to date primarily leads to a state of uncertainty regarding the value of testing CSF biomarkers for the diagnosis of MCI.
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (RALRP). The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found evidence showing no clinically meaningful differences in postoperative pain between the two types of anaesthetics (mean difference (MD) in visual analogue scale (VAS) scores at one to six hours was -2.20 (95% confidence interval (CI) -10.62 to 6.22; P = 0.61) in a sample of 62 participants from one study. Low-quality evidence suggests that propofol reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) after RALRP compared with inhalational anaesthesia (sevoflurane, desflurane) with increased IOP from baseline to 30 minutes in steep Trendelenburg. However, it is unclear whether this surrogate outcome translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods.
We included 14 observational studies, including 5 cohort and 9 case-control studies, with 1,601,515 study subjects. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. These outcomes included: mode of delivery (low quality evidence); low birth weight (very low quality evidence), preterm delivery (preterm delivery less than 37 weeks and 0 days gestational age) or preterm birth; foetal death; and low Apgar score. We conducted stratified analyses of mild or moderate potency, and potent or very potent topical steroids. We found no clear evidence that topical steroids are harmful to the mother or her baby. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared topical corticosteroids with placebo. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical steroids, and had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. All trials reported data on visual acuity, and none of them found any important difference between the steroid group and the control group. However, the SCUT reported that time to re-epithelialization was 53% slower than the placebo group after adjusting for baseline epithelial defect size (hazard ratio (HR), 0.47; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23 to 0.94).
We included four trials with 450 participants. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic therapy with percutaneous vascular intervention. We found no evidence from these trials to suggest that either treatment is superior to the other. There was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. The quality of the evidence was low. We need more trials with adequate sample sizes because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We included one study, involving 120 families and 143 children. This study provided inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of centre-based day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. The study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). Some trials included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. The quality of the evidence was very low because of risk of bias, as 63% of the control group participants accessed day care services separate from those offered within the intervention. No evidence suggested that children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development improved or worsened. Moreover, no evidence indicated that day care improved the employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment, or household income above £200 per week. No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. This review did not find enough evidence to recommend any particular type of day care, home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect.
The objective of this review was to assess the reliability of the various scoring indices. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. However, none of the currently available histologic scores have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC (predominantly confined to the MUCOSA), more research is needed.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated intramedullary nailing versus plating in 213 participants of whom 112 were male. The mean age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. Overall, the quality of available evidence was rated as very low, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all outcomes. Although the pooled results of three different measures of foot function and ankle function indicated a small difference in favour of nailing, the results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operation for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operations after nailing. Similarly pooled data for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured plating but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no important difference in pain between the two groups. There is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of surgery or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults.
We included 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants: eight studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLD for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people; moderate-quality evidence), for major vascular event 0.90 (five trials), and for dementia 0.88 (two trials). Our results support the use of intensive blood pressure-lowering in people with stroke or TIA for reducing the risk of having a stroke. Current evidence is primarily derived from trials studying an ACE inhibitor or diuretics.
Five hundred nineteen men from four randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials, (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) were assessed. Three trials used non-glucosidic B-sitosterols and one trial used a preparation that contained 100% B-Sitosterol. The evidence suggests that men taking B- sitosterols improve urinary symptoms and flow measures. However, their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk of asthma-related death in children is higher or lower than in adults. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events (side effects that are serious enough to cause a person to stop taking their asthma inhaler) when regular Salmeterol was compared with placebo. However, in patients who were not taking inhaled corticosteroids, compared to patients who took placebo, there was an increase in the number of people with asthma who died from any cause. One extra person had a serious side effect over 28 weeks for every 188 people treated with regular sal metersterol (95% confidence interval (CI) 95 to 2606).
This review found no evidence that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants. There is no evidence from controlled clinical trials.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants. Eight RCTs had a low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. All trials had a high risk of biases in their assessment of the remaining outcomes. Random-effects meta-analysis showed a beneficial effect of non-absorbable disaccharides versus placebo/no intervention on mortality when including all trials with extractable data and when we reduced the risk of mortality to 30% (moderate quality evidence). We confirmed the findings when including only trials with a low quality of bias or when reducing the risk to 22%. We also found that the relative risk reduction (RRR) reduced from 30% to 22% when comparing lactulose with placebo or no intervention. We found no statistical differences between trials evaluating prevention, overt, or minimal hepatic encephalopathy. The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect on quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-Analysis (very low quality evidence), and non-serious (mainly gastrointestinal) adverse events were not reported. None of the trials comparing lactosaccharide with lactitol or lactitol versus lactose, or lactose versus lactitol, found any differences between the two groups in terms of serious adverse events. The quality of the evidence was moderate for mortality, liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding, and very low for adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease.
We included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) in this review. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density or bone-related biomarkers, with more recent studies evaluating proteinuria and hyperparathyroidism. Treatments included bisphosphonates, vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin. Median duration of follow-up was 12 months. Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss. A single study reported outcomes among 60 children and adolescents. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (low or very low certainty evidence). It was unclear whether interventions for bone disease in kidney transplantation reduce all-cause or cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke. Risks of bias were generally high or unclear leading to lower certainty in the results.
Four trials involving 317 people met the inclusion criteria. Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. Without antibiotics, 46% of participants with rhinosinusitis, whether or not confirmed by radiography, were cured after 1 week and 64% after 14 days. Cure rates with antibiotics were higher when a fluid level or total opacification in any sinus was found on computed tomography (OR 4.89, 95% CI 1.75 to 13.72). Purulent secretion resolved faster with antibiotics. However, 13 more people experienced side effects with antibiotics compared to placebo. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to high.
We included eight randomised controlled trials involving 2515 patients. Three trials compared D3 with D2 lymphadenectomy: data suggested no significant difference in OS between these two types of lymph node dissection. Data for disease-free survival (DFS) were available only from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Five RCTs (five European and two Asian) compared D2 with D1: OS, DFS and DSS findings suggested no difference between the two types. The quality of the evidence was moderate, with the quality of evidence being moderate for OS and DFS, however, the risk of postoperative mortality was higher in the D2 group and this increased risk reduces its therapeutic benefit.
Thirteen studies, involving 1158 participants, met the criteria for inclusion in this review. The findings of this review suggest that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low (28%). The conclusion of the review is that the studies conducted so far have not allowed an adequate evaluation of the efficacy and safety of this drug in the field of opioid dependence.
We included two studies in this review. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. During the second three-month follow up trial, there were a greater number of incidents of pneumonia in participants receiving honey thick liquids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or taking regular liquids with a chin down head posture. Neither study addressed quality of life. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency of fluid for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few studies have been completed. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluorsoscopy for people with people who have dementia. Risk of bias for both studies is high. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in the review is low.
Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women were included. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found between natural cycle and standard IVF in live birth rates (OR 0.68, 95% CI 0.46 to 1.01, two studies, 425 women, moderate quality evidence). The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using IVF, the chance using natural cycle IVF would range from 34% to 53%. The evidence was limited by imprecision. Findings for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation were based on the choice of statistical model: for these outcomes, use of a fixed effect model suggested a benefit for the IVF group. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was significantly lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. The evidence on treatment costs was inconsistent and more data are awaited. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited. Future trials should compare natural cycles with standard cycles. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth, treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references). We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. All included studies were RCTs; three studies used allocation concealment, six reported blinded outcome assessors and three studies adopted an intention-to-treat approach to statistical analysis. Quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. Comparison of Tai Chi versus usual care revealed that Tai demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres, 95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52 to 48.77 metres; participants = 318; I2 = 59%) and better pulmonary function in post-programme data. No adverse events were reported. When Tai Chi in addition to other interventions was compared with other interventions alone, Tai did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptoms nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement in people with COPD. However, the effects of Tai in reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. Data are currently insufficient for evaluating the impact of Tai on maximal exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength. Hence, future studies are warranted to address these topics.
We included 72 trials that involved 2470 participants. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the studies included in the previous version of this review. Study sample sizes were generally small and interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. Thus, while there are a large number of randomised controlled trials, the evidence remains mostly low quality when rated using the GRADE system. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used as an addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups (low-quality evidence). This review found that time since onset of stroke was not significantly different between the intervention and control groups. There was insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effect on gait speed, balance, participation, or quality of life. Twenty-three studies reported that they monitored for adverse events; across these studies there were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to moderate.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1330 participants. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Fluoroquinolones added to standard regimens A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line regimen. Relapse and treatment failure were not reported. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 participants, very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). We do not know if there was an effect for relapse, or serious adverse events. No trials reported on treatment failure. We assessed the quality of the evidence as very low due to the small number of participants in the trials and the small numbers of adverse events reported. We found no evidence to support the addition of a second antibiotic to standard treatment regimens. We are uncertain about the effect of adding a second drug to standard therapy for people with cystic fibrosis.
