This review found that education aimed at children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department presentation and hospital admission. However, there is uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls. Types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, microdiscectomy, knee joint replacement surgery, anterior cruciate (made up of bone, cartilage, ligaments and fluid.) ligament repair, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoid
This review identified five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years
This review of four studies, involving 125 participants, found that electromagnetic field stimulation may offer some benefit in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of long bone fractures, but it is inconclusive and insufficient to inform current practice. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (risk ratio 1.96; 95% confidence interval 0.86 to 4.48
We included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients who had emergency laparoscopy. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%, and the proportion of males ranged between 53.5% and
Forty-nine randomised controlled trials involving 3639 participants were included in this review. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. Two trials reported adverse
Five studies involving 1382 patients were included in this review. All the included studies involved advanced prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease (uncommon). Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias involving 7,119 participants which described random assignment. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One of them randomised women to the Copper 7 showed that immediate insertion of the copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion. Another trial showed that the use and expulsion of levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system or CuT380A was
We included only one small trial published as an abstract article. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. Meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematologically
We identified three randomised controlled trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens. Antibiotic prophylaxis was compared with no antibiotic treatment in one trial. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there were no significant differences in the proportion of people who developed SSIs. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14
We included two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Overall, the number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. There was no information on serious maternal morbidity or mortality. Perinatal mortality was not reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarian section. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. The remaining trial is awaiting classification and is examining the effects of green tea powder (a plant or plant part used for its scent, flavor, or therapeutic properties) capsules. No studies reported cardiovascular events. Green tea was found to produce statistically significant reductions in low-density lipoprotein (LDL)
This review identified two small randomised controlled trials that compared azathioprine with placebo in people with chronic asthma. Both trials recruited 23 participants. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate
For this update we identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion. The majority of studies were carried out in people with breast cancer (28 studies). A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 control participants. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be statistically more effective than the control intervention (standardised mean difference (SMD) -0.27, 95
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the effects of BEACOPP escalated with standard chemotherapy (abdominal dialysis (ABVD) in adults with early unfavourable and advanced stage HL (16 to 65 years of age). We included all five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses: the HD9 and HD14 trials were co-
Fifteen studies including 1835 cancer patients met the inclusion criteria and because of multiple arms studies we included 19 evaluations. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients or prostate cancer patients. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. All four included trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention any conflicts of interest. Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One of these found a difference
The search strategies identified 2847 citations overall. A total of 30 citations appeared relevant however there were three duplicates which left 27 articles for further review. The review question remains unanswered as there were no randomised trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 randomised participants in this review. One new study was included in the review, and the other was an update of a previously included study. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first three months after the intervention. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. However, there is
This review identified two studies that assessed the effectiveness of community-based interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. The two included studies were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total) and assessed the effects of these interventions on weekly smoking and smokeless tobacco use. No difference was observed in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study assessing this outcome (skills-community group versus control: risk ratio [RR] 0.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing prophylactic versus selective blood transfusion in pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia. We found only one trial involving 72 women. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The included trial reported no maternal mortality occurring in women who received either pro- or selective transfusion. There were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results
We identified 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference from more than one trial under the pair
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included in this review. Many different treatments were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (44% improvement) and topical PUVA. However, there is no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. Colchic
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effects of five drugs (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Local anaesthetic agents were used but bupivacaine in the liquid form was the most common. There were considerable differences in the methods
We identified 74 unique studies as eligible for this review and categorized them according to the antigens they detected. Types 1 to 3 include HRP-2 (fromP. falciparum) either by itself or in combination with other types of malaria parasites. Types 4 and 5 included pLDH (from P. leptosporin). We found 71 studies that evaluated the sensitivity and specificity of these tests. In comparison with microscopy, we identified 71
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared short-term changes in the length of primary care physicians' consultations with no changes in consultation time. We found five studies that met our inclusion criteria. All were conducted in the UK, and tested short term changes in how long primary care doctors spent with each patient. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals
The search identified 3952 abstracts which were scanned for relevance. Three trials met the inclusion criteria (Milinkovic 2007; McComsey 2008; Sanchez-Conde 2005). All three trials were conducted in developed countries, participants were ART experienced and all had sustained virologic suppression at baseline. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. There was no significant difference in vi
We found 10 trials with 1658 participants. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in intensive care unit (ICU
Fifteen studies, involving 687 participants, were included in the review. Study quality was poor and sample sizes were frequently small. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report significant differences between treatment and control. However, some pooled effects were analysed. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy (OR 4.47, CI 1.22 to 16.44). Quality of life, measured using the Asthma
This review included 35 studies, including 6785 participants in the arms of interest (antidepressant and benzodiazepines as monotherapy), but only a few studies provided data for primary outcomes. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference between antidepressants and
Twenty-nine randomised controlled trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day mortality with plastic stent compared with surgery. However, there was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or death between the two groups. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of T
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation or Doppler auditory assistance for arterial line cannulation in paediatric participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found five studies that compared the use of ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation with other techniques. Four studies compared ultrasound to palpation, and one study compared ultrasound with Dopplers. The
We included one small randomised controlled trial (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies in Canadian provinces conducted between the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to films with a high alcohol content (mean difference (MD) 0.65 drinks; 95% CI -1.2, -0.07;
This review found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT formulas in short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important long-term outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing the use of transcervical amnioinfusion for chorioamnionitis in pregnant women. We included one small trial with 34 women. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gent
Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. There was clinical and methodological heterogeneity between the studies which precluded a pooled meta-analysis of the results. The specificity of the Mini-Cog varied in the individual studies and was reported as 0.99, 0.76 and 0.83. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection. There are currently few studies
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg per day), lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts (a type of amphetamine that contains two different types of stimulants). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen
We included six new studies (517 participants) in this review update, bringing the total of included studies to 10 (811 participants). The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with
Forty-one studies were included involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. Twenty-seven studies were RCTs, 12 were CBAs, and two were ITS. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. The methodological quality of the studies was often poor. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions targeted at health professionals, in nine they were targeted at the organisation of care, and 20
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing hormonal and intrauterine methods in women aged 25 years and younger. We found five trials that included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The trials compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauter
This review found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications and improves bronchial hyper-reactivity. There was no consistent effect on lung function. One trial found that the size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled steroids. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered. If 16 patients were treated with immunotherapy, one would be expected to develop a local adverse reaction. If nine patients were
We did not find any new studies which were eligible for inclusion in this update. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 0.88); hospital mortality was reduced with a RR
We included 15 randomised controlled trials with 1833 participants. We found that the intravenous technique is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. However, we found evidence of low quality from a limited number of studies. These results should be interpreted with caution. Randomized controlled trials based on uniform and standard methods are needed. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization
Four trials including 15,936 hypertensive subjects were identified. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg and there was considerable heterogeneity between the trials. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660, Odds Ratio (OR) = 0.89, 95% CI 0.74, 1.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in in-stent re-stenosis is unclear Compared to angioplasty alone, the authors found no evidence of an increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period, but patients were more likely to experience vascular spasm, perforation and
Three randomised controlled trials (333 participants) were identified, two of which were multicentre trials comprising only participants positive for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled participants clinically diagnosed with bronchiolitis from a hospital in Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as a daily or a twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebulising sal
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants, 116 undergoing the percutaneous technique and 65 treated by cut-down femoral artery access. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found that there was no significant difference in mortality between groups, with only one death occurring overall, in the totally
This review found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. Discontinuation rates were higher at 12 months as well. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL compared with placebo. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program for cognitive deficits but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. There is supportive evidence that memantine may help prevent
Two studies assessed as at high risk of bias, reporting data from 26 analysed participants were included in this review. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no statistically significant difference between using combined oestrogen and progestogen and using placebo for all our proposed primary outcomes, namely, miscarriage (risk
We found fourteen studies (16 comparisons) with extractable data included in the review, of which ten studies examined TCAs, two examined SSRIs and two included both classes, all compared with placebo. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-
We found nine studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) that compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparators. All studies treated attacks with single doses of medication. The higher dose was significantly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief. The lower dose was better for sustained headache relief, but not for longer than 2 hours. The number of participants who experienced side effects was similar with ibuperofen and placebo. Soluble formulations of ib
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye). Due to the heterogeneity of study characteristics among the included trials with respect to types of diagnostic criteria, interventions, comparisons, and measurements taken, our ability to perform meta-analyses was limited. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid
This review identified one randomised trial in 136 patients and two observational studies (both of low quality) that did not show a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamivudine (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to those on either a 3TC/FTC-sparing second-line regimen. Two other small observational studies reported in
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. Difficult face mask ventilation was the reference standard in seven studies, difficult laryngoscopy in 92 studies, and difficult tracheal intubation in 50 studies. We found seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations. The studies were generally of good quality, and we mostly observed low risk of bias for patient selection, flow and timing
This review found that probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency in acute infectious diarrhoea. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We included only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants); this study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium term (between six and 12 months) effects of adding nidotherapies to standard care versus standard care. The results of this study were mixed.
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) with placebo (a pretend medicine) or no treatment (placebo) for people with chronic pain. We included eight studies. Five studies (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to preg
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) in this review. The included trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo and was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth (mean difference (MD) -0.20
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions targeted at Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review. Two studies used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behavioral therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a statistically and clinically significant effect in favour of
We included 13 studies (5686 patients). We judged blinding of participants and personnel and blinding of outcome assessment to be at high risk in about 50% of the included studies and at low risk in 25% to 30% of them. All 13 studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28-day, 30-day or 60-day ICU mortality). We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution further reduces the pain. Further well designed randomised controlled trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedures.
Two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry have been included. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Only three indicated that compared with antiviral drugs, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing influenza and alleviating influenza symptoms. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study. There were no differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence
This review identified eight studies with a total of 580 participants. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have a high chance of bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement in the design and conduct of the study. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that thrombolytic therapy, fibrin sheath
We identified 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials published time-to-event data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95%
Ten random or quasi-random controlled trials reported on a total of 1896 patients. There was no statistically significant effect on inpatient mortality or mortality to longest follow up (OR 0.92, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.29) but higher quality studies showed a larger non-significant increase in inpatient deaths. Discharge to institutional care was reduced for the NLU but there was a near significant increase in the length of inpatient stay. Early readmissions were reduced
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants in this review. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a statin drug that blocks the action of cholesterol-lowering drugs), simvastin, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. Fixed-effect analysis showed no overall effect on stroke recurrence but statin therapy alone had a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular events in those with a
The evidence is current to May 2014. We found 11 studies that compared the effectiveness of comprehensive tobacco control programmes which included mass media campaigns with other types of campaigns. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. The evidence is up to date to May 2015. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found statistically significant decreases.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for meta-analysis. Seventeen studies that compared yoga with no therapy provided moderate-quality evidence showing that yoga improved health-related quality of life and reduced fatigue and sleep disturbances in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, anxiety or fatigue. Four studies compared yoga versus psychosocial/educational interventions provided moderate quality evidence indicating that yoga can reduce depression and fatigue, as well as
We included one retrospective, single-institution study that compared post-operative imaging within 48 hours after surgery with no early post-operative imaging among 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma (GBM: World Health Organization (WHO) grade 4 glioma). Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Evidence from this study suggested that there was little or no difference between early and
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven prestated main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine groups (2 RCTs, n = 120, RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.47, very low quality evidence) and numbers of participants with park
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion in this review. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious adverse events. There are insufficient randomised controlled trials to draw conclusions on the effectiveness of
We included seven randomised controlled trials (825 participants) in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training, twelve-step programme (one study), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. The quality of evidence for the primary outcomes was very low. There were no data for the secondary outcome,
We found 23 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. Quinine was compared to placebo (a fake medicine), vitamin E (four trials, 543), a vitamin E combination (three trials, 510), a quin
We identified seven randomised controlled trials (five parallel, two cross-over) enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps (N = 202) and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers (322). Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. The evidence is current to May 2015. For idiopathy (where the cramp is not known to be caused
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was evaluator-blinded, but personnel and participants could not be blinded to the intervention, which placed the results at a high risk of bias. The
We found two small randomised controlled trials (N = 149 patients) that compared surgical decompression with physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilization in patients with cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. Both trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery on the short- and long-term outcomes. There is low quality evidence that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy and immobilization for patients with spond
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care; four by a doctor, one by a nurse and one by clinic clerk. Three studies compared different types of health care workers; two compared nurses with doctors and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found a significant increase in return consultations. Seven studies looked at accident and
We included 84 studies (22,872 participants) with 70/84 studies reporting interventions in higher risk individuals or settings. Studies with follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the sustainability of intervention effects and were also less susceptible to short-term reporting or publication bias. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for
This review includes 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition biases and at high risk for biases associated with blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-
Three small trials, involving 226 participants, were included. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials included patients who had CT-verified ICH. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. Death and disability could be calculated in the larger ICH trial without differences between the mannitol and control groups. Case fatality did not differ between
Six trials were identified, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was observed when compared to placebo for all three-dose ranges and for most outcome measures including: tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. The standardized weighted mean differences between treatment and placebo in moderate doses were -0.51 [95% CI - 0.88, 0.14] for tender joint count, -0
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, the fourth study compared the decoction of Huangqi compounds with two other Chinese herbal interventions. All studies used Huangqi decoctions as the intervention with chemotherapy. None of the studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the effects of vitamin A and/or DHA for people with RP. The three trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of taking vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial compared DHA and vitamin A versus
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine and 140 received placebo) from three countries. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC (any stage) was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of NEC stage 1
We found four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66
The administration of prophylactic vancomycin reduces the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcal infections in eligible preterm infants. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials. Few clinically important benefits have been demonstrated for very low birth weight infants treated with this antibiotic. Mortality, length of stay, and evidence of vancom
We found 14 reports of 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wound healing by secondary intention. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wound. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression (1 trial). There were
We found 11 trials that included 1482 women. Five reports were published before 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms
We found 10 studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA that evaluated the effectiveness of red-light cameras. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. Most evaluations did not adjust for RTM or spillover, affecting their accuracy. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific casualty collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Larger and better controlled
We found four studies involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram for patients with acute venous thromboembolism in outpatients with VTE, with the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB = 3, 95% confidence interval (CI 2 to 4); another
We included seven randomised controlled trials with a total of 555 participants. None of the trials were designed specifically for people with dementia, therefore the data included in the review were from subgroups of people who have been treated for hip fracture. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; two studies reported a reduction in the length of hospital stay with no difference in the hospital readmission rates. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on
We included 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 7524 participants from 40 studies that compared ICM with standard care, and ICM versus non-ICM. The evidence is current to January 2016. We found that ICM may slightly reduce the number of days spent in hospital per month, and may reduce the global state of people leaving the trial early. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. There was moderate-quality evidence that
Twenty-five trials contributed data to the quantitative synthesis in this review. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for meta-analysis of box training (248 participants) versus no supplementary training (216 participants). All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. There were no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. Box model training compared with no training: The trials showed that the time taken for task completion was significantly shorter in the
This review found no evidence to support or refute the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. The intrabiliary application of corticosteroid via nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Seven trials addressed the timing of support (early versus delayed), data on mortality were obtained for all seven trials (284 participants). The relative risk (RR) for death with early nutritional support was 0.67 (95% CI 0.41 to 1.07). Data on disability were available for three trials. Five trials (207 participants) reported mortality. The RR
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that participants who engaged
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomly allocated to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomised to other active treatments in three-arm trials. The included studies were only short-term studies and did not examine the long-term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. We rated all studies
We found 13 small randomised controlled trials (1520 participants randomised) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. The duration and style of tai chi differed between trials. Three trials reported lipid levels and two found reductions in total cholesterol, LDL-C and triglycerides (total cholesterol reductions ranged
Twenty-seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this review. Twenty-three interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The interventions were very heterogeneous in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based interventions
This review found three studies with 451 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional corticosteroids in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexametron. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. Corticosteroid therapy with dexamithasone resulted in less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to
We included 10 studies of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345), four cystic fibrosis ( 429) and one each sickle cell disease (219), cancer (160) and low birth weight neonates with underlying
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. The quality of the current evidence is very low. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about
This review identified 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) investigating the effects of corticosteroid therapy in preterm infants. Only 14 studies investigating dexamethasone were identified. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies contrasted a high versus a moderate and five studies a moderate versus a low cumulative dose. Analysis of the studies investigating a moderate dose versus a
This review included eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people with acute rheumatic fever. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. Researchers compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone and dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulin versus aspirin, placebo or no treatment. Overall there were no observed
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find this effect. Another study found that health education reduced the incidence of the disease. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, however, which found that a modest health education programme with
Fifteen studies (1043 CFS participants) were included in the review. When comparing CBT with usual care (six studies, 373 participants), the difference in fatigue mean scores at post-treatment was highly significant in favour of CBT (SMD -0.39, 95% CI - 0.60 to -00.19), with 40% of participants showing clinical response in contrast with 26% in usual care. Findings at follow-up were inconsistent.
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) with placebo (a fake vitamin) for six weeks or six months in people with sickle cell disease. We included only one low-quality clinical study which had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data. Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven withdrew before randomisation leaving
This review includes only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared two treatments: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). The study recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech
We found four trials that randomised a total of 268 participants to receive either antibiotics or placebo. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of performance, detection, and attrition bias. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. All participants had active retinochoroiditis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to random
We included 43 trials containing predominantly older people with mainly trochanter fractures. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection
The search strategy identified 183 unique references of which 22 were identified as being potentially eligible on the basis of title and abstract. Only one study met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed retrospective data for 47 women who received either palliative surgery (27) or medical management with Octreotide (20) and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Although six (22%) women who
Four trials fulfilled the criteria for inclusion in this review. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women randomizedised) looked at the effect of atorvastarin. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in
The search strategy identified 1522 unique references of which we excluded 1330 on the basis of title and abstract. We retrieved the remaining 22 articles in full, but none satisfied the inclusion criteria. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques for palliative control of vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of
For primary therapy three randomised controlled trials were identified, enrolling a total of 745 patients, that investigated temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). In patients with recurrent GBM, the results showed that the combination of radiotherapy and temozomide prolongs survival and improves time-to-progression (TTP) and may have benefits on QoL without increasing
We found two studies that investigated interventions for retaining district health systems managers. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for health systems management ('contracting-in') may improve health care access and utilization. However, contracting-in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. In the other study, intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers’ performance
We included three studies that involved 123 people. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups (risk ratio (RR) 0.56, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0 to 2.42); however, the analysis was underpowered to detect a difference between groups. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical
We found 50 trials (19 randomized controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) with 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied cerivastatin effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. When compared to fluvastatin (a type of cholesterol-lowering drug), atorvastin (another type of lipid lowering drug) and rosuvast
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients undergoing major cardiac and vascular surgery in which renal ischaemia reperfusion injury may occur. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies compared the effect of remote ischaemic preconditioning by iliac clamping with control. We found that there was little or no difference in the reduction of serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162 (a blood test for type 2 diabetes and prediabetes), citicoline and a combination of Chinese
We found three randomised controlled trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) that evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. The sample sizes of the three trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials. In the third trial, glucose and insulin, compared to cation-
Twelve trials were found to be eligible for inclusion in this review. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected participants. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not significantly different between the two treatments: MD of 0.02 of a grade more improvement in the intravenous immunoglobulin group
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants); in the 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of inspirational oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, we found no evidence of a beneficial effect of a higher fraction of inspiring oxygen on mortality, serious adverse events, length of stay or surgical site infections. Similarly, when all trials were included, a high proportion of inspired
Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Time periods ranged from 10 to 14 days to six months. Overall, we assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral
Twelve studies were included, nine RCTs and three before and after studies. Only one study explored all-cause mortality and end-stage renal disease (ESRD) as endpoints. The relative risk (RR) of ESRD or death was 0.23 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.07 to 0.72) for patients assigned to a low protein diet (LPD). Pooling of the seven studies in patients with type 1 diabetes resulted
We identified 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. For moderate to severe injury,'strong evidence' showed benefit from formal intervention, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. Intensive rehabilitation appears to lead to earlier gains, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. For participants with
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. This trial included four groups with a factorial design. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control (separate care) and we analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming-in versus mother-infant separation. Duration of exclusive
We found eight randomised controlled trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment, indicating a significantly lower rate of death and dependency in the sanchi group than in the control group (relative risk (RR) 0.63, 95% confidence interval (Cl)
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the timing of implant placement with the time to functional loading of the implant. We found 14 eligible trials but only seven trials could be included. Four trials compared implant placement timing. Two trials compared immediate versus delayed implants in 126 patients and found no statistically significant differences. One trial compared immediate-delayed implants with delayed implants for 2 years in 46 patients
We found two trials that compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 patients with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared PBT1 with placebo (a dummy drug) for 36 weeks. In the second trial a successor compound, PBT2, was compared with placebo for 78 participants. There was no significant difference in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognition (ADAS-Cog)) between the active treatment and
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Two trials specifically included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group one PAH. There was a small improvement of 27 metres in 6MWD in those with PH due to lung disease. There were no significant differences
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. Nine trials comparing multiple with single injections showed a statistically significant decrease in primary anaesthesia failure (risk ratio (RR) 0.55, 95% CI 0.34 to 0.96, high-quality evidence). Pooled data from five trials showed that the effect size was greater when neurostimulation was used rather than the transarterial technique.
We found three studies that compared beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler with placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy in children with mild-moderate asthma. The average decrease, calculated through meta-analysis, was -1.54 cm per year. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We
Three trials (139 patients) were included. APD did not differ from CAPD with respect to mortality, risk of peritonitis, switching from original PD modality to a different dialysis modality, hernias, PD fluid leaks, PD catheter removal or hospital admissions. There was no difference between either PD and CAPD in terms of residual renal function. One study found that patients on APD had significantly more time for work, family and social activities.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of survival, progression-free survival (PFS) and progression/relapse (i.e. time to recurrence) but not OS. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) separately. This effect, also seen in AL and ST separately, was due directly to first-line treatment.  RT alone gives a
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k"] = 12, n = 3040), transdermally (k = 5, 1628), or intrathecally. All three modes of administration were
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. This trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with a dose of placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108)
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email to usual care. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail (OR 0.93; 95% CI 0.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. Pooled data identified a significant improvement in the frequency of conversion of positive to negative Dix-Hallpike conversion when compared to using the manoeuvre alone.
This review includes four studies with a total of 231 participants. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, 109), (2) polypectomy versus systemic steroid (two studies, 87); and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid. All participants also received
We included eight randomised controlled trials (709 participants) from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. The trials lasted between one and nine months. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared foods fortified with zinc in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without
Eleven studies involving 3060 randomly assigned participants were included in this review. Use of non-steroidal antiandrogens decreased overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure (one year: risk ratio (RR) 1.25, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.48, six studies, 2712 participants) and increased clinical progression, as well as treatment failure, at one year, 70 weeks, two years (five studies, 2067 participants; 70 weeks: RR 1
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared screening with no screening in women over the age of 39 to 74 years. We found eight eligible trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI). Four trials with
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG priming compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 unit of priming, and one study compared 20, 000 units priming to 10, 000 unit priming in women with PCOS. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. The quality of the evidence
This review found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. The included studies enrolled participants with both partially reversible and non-reversible
This review included four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 169 participants. Two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapy trials were eligible for inclusion in the review. Response data from a single placebo-controlled trial of fluoxetine suggested overall superiority of medication relative to placebo (relative risk (RR) 3.07, 95% CI 1.4 to 6.72, n = 67). Symptom severity was also significantly reduced in
This review found three randomised controlled trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis and involving 268 adults were included in this review. The review found that using a desensitization protocol over a rechallenge protocol at six months of follow-up resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV-infected patients with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the
We included three randomised controlled trials enrolling 148 newborn infants in this review. The trials compared midazolam with placebo (a white or brown powder or a black, sticky goo) or morphine (placebo) for the duration of the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) stay. The duration of NICU stay was significantly longer in the placebo group. One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP)
Twelve trials involving 767 participants were included. No differences were found between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for people with diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment (risk ratio (RR) 1.75, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.42 to 7.21; one trial, 46 participants; very low quality evidence). No difference was detected between the antibiotics and placebo or no treatment arms in the number of people with symptoms of diarrhoe
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) assessing the accuracy of IL-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, septic criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants). All studies except one were at an unclear or high risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. There were 16
We found two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with placebo. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. Women received supplements or placebo from recruitment at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks
We identified 11 studies: 7 evaluated different infusion durations (803 participants), and 4 evaluated different peak doses (5280 participants). Seven studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) addressing different anthracycline durations; we identified long-term follow-up data for one of the trials in this update. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumours. A significant difference in the occurrence of clinical heart failure was identified in none of
We included 37 eligible trials with a total of 3110 randomised participants; nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included during the 2017 update. We identified two ongoing studies from searches of clinical trials registers and database searches and two studies await classification. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all
We found three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence (based on the non-combined findings from three studies, indicating that family therapy is more effective than no
We included three randomised controlled trials involving a total of 206 participants with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was a significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE (WMD 2.04, 95% CI 1.43 to 2.66). No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the
This review identified seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 960 participants. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which therefore reduces the reliability of the evidence. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduced
Eight studies with 390,769 participants were included in this review. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The methodological quality was measured using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). The three prospective cohort studies were of high methodological quality, and two were of medium quality. The evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was conflicting. The
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, extension of the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response according to both definitions. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated for 72
Only two studies (34 participants) met the inclusion criteria of this systematic review. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic cancers. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study. There was low concerns about applicability for most domains in both studies. The mean probability of unresectable cancer after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is
This review identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared different treatments for chronic eye infection with each other and with conventional lid hygiene measures. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior and posterior eyelid infection. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. There is
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. There is insufficient evidence from high-quality randomised
We identified 42 primary studies with 4220 participants. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the standard was unclear. Twenty studies provided
We found seven studies, with 766 participants: four used intracutaneous injections, two subcutaneous, and one both. All reported on low back pain in labour only. One study reported the number self-scoring 4/10 cm or more reduction in pain; significantly more had this outcome with sterile water (50% to 60%) than with placebo (20% to 25%). There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean
We included 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants in this review. The overall postoperative chronic pain in the glue group was reduced by 37% (OR 0.63, 95% CI 0.44 to 0.91; 10 studies, 1418 participants, low-quality evidence) compared with the suture group. However, the results changed when we conducted subgroup analysis with regard to the type of mesh. Subgroup analysis of included studies using lightweight mesh showed the
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Structuring generally improved the quality of abstracts, but
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, who were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. There were two primary outcomes related to
We included six studies with 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five trials included only participants with focal onset seizures only. Participants receiving brivaracetam add-on were significantly more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those receiving placebo (moderate-quality evidence). Participants receiving
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. Most of the studies addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. In general, parents wanted more information
We identified 10 trials with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants, and included them in the review. Seven had been identified in the previous versions of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults with pars plana vitrectomy and infusion of either perfluropropane gas (C3F8) gas or silicone oil. The third trial was a multi-
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. Planned early delivery was associated with a lower risk of composite maternal mortality and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early delivery (evidence graded high). There were no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. There was no clear difference between groups for caesarean section or duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of
We found six studies (including 142 participants) that compared three-times-a-week prophylactic administration of clotting factor concentrates with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. Two of the studies compared two different types of treatment. One study showed a statistically significant decrease in the frequency of joint bleeds with three times a week treatment compared to placebo. Three of the remaining four studies evaluated patients with blood clots in the joints. One of these
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. In total, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five trials aimed to
This review found two studies involving 447 RhD negative women. The studies compared IM and IV administration of anti-D prophylaxis. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this uncommon outcome. None of the women involved in the studies developed
We included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes in this review. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA trial which included patients who had multiple risk factors for coronary artery disease. Five included studies investigated clopidogrel compared to aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or compared a combination with aspirin to aspirin alone.
Ten trials met the inclusion criteria with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention and one evaluated six-week and three-month interventions. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Six trials evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or
This update of the systematic review on nocturnal-NIPPV in COPD (Wijkstra 2002), has led to the inclusion of three new studies, leading to seven included studies on 245 people with stable COPD. These included partial pressure of CO2 and O2 in arterial blood (a problem), six-minute walking distance (6MWD), health-related quality of life (HRQoL), forced expiratory volume in one second (
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. The evidence is current to May 2015. The trials compared induction of labour for suspected macrosomia with expectant management or no intervention. There were no clear differences between groups for the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear difference in the number of women who had a birth fracture or shoulder dystocia, but there was some evidence that there was a lower mean birthweight in the induction
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants to receive vitamin D. The remaining eight trials randomly
This review found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can achieve statistically significant weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. There is a paucity of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in persons with type 2 diabetes. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, were available for other drugs and a significant decrease in weight
We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants in this review. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. No significant differences favoured VGB or CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. Compared with CBZ, VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the addition of plerixafor to a G-CSF mobilisation regimen. Two of these trials did not report any results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both studies the experimental group received GCSF and the control group received placebo. The results of
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. Seven of the trials recruited women with symptoms of incontinence, while the others required women with urodynamic stress (UDSI). The trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Cones were better than no active treatment and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT and electrostimulation
Eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) were included in the review. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. The review found that there was insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of educational or behavioural interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with usual care. The effect of self
Seventy randomised controlled trials (11,487 women) were included in this review. The majority of trials were at unclear risk of bias for most domains. Overall, vaginal prostaglandin E2 compared with placebo or no treatment probably reduces the likelihood of vaginal delivery not being achieved within 24 hours. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart rate changes is increased (4.8% versus 1.0%, risk ratio (RR) 3.16,
Eleven potential studies were identified of which five, involving 247 infants, were included in this review. When compared to incubator care, cot-nursing resulted in no significant difference in mean body temperature (MD 0.02 degrees C; 95% CI -0.02 to 0.07, four trials), though the one trial that reported on episodes of hyperthermia found this to be statistically more common in the cot nursing group. There were no statistically
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low- to very low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the metal chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We
We found three randomised controlled trials, involving 244 women. The prostaglandin drugs used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias, which means that the results may be influenced by chance. The evidence is current to May 2015. The trials did not
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP (for less ill babies) and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker babies). For this update, we included no new trials. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) and lower overall mortality in infants with birth weight above 1500 g and lower mortality in
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. Meta analysis of two studies indicated that foam dressings do not promote the healing of diabetic foot ulcer compared with basic wound contact dressings. Pooled data from two studies comparing foam and alginate dressing found no statistically significant difference in ulcer healing (RR 1.50, 95% CI 0.92 to 2.44). There was no
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. The surgical intervention group had a higher proportion of participants with pain relief, both at middle/long-term follow-up (two to five years: risk ratio (RR) 1.62, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.) 1.22 to 2.15) and long-
Only one randomised controlled trial was identified for inclusion in this review. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wound was sutured after the excision. Patients were randomised to early post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) or delayed post-operatively bathing (dressings to be retained for at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of normal bathing) or
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 eligible participants. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but one participant died. There was little or no difference in number of participants who achieved remission, or change in disability or impairment after one year (low-quality evidence). Change of grip strength or Medical Research Council (MRC) scores demonstrated little or little difference between groups (moderate-quality to low-quality
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. The studies generally recruited people with asthma taking regular medications and excluded those with COPD or severe asthma. We could not say whether more people who had a telephone check-up subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes. We found no important differences between face-to-face and remote asthma check-ups in terms of exacerbations, asthma control or quality of life. There was no difference in asthma control measured by the Asthma Control Questionnaire
We found three studies with a total of 212 participants. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 methodological criteria. None of the studies reported negative effects of the exercise therapy. Overall, based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) there was no clinically important or statistically significant evidence that exercise therapy can improve functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity or pain. Both included and excluded studies showed that exercise does not exacerbate arthritis
We included 19 randomised controlled trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). We found that antibiotics have some beneficial effects on the outcomes of treatment failure and length of hospital stay, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure, mortality) and absent for other outcomes (mortality, length of the hospital stay). Analyses show a strong beneficial effect of antibiotics among IC
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) to whole grain versus lower whole grain or refined grain groups. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias
The evidence is current to July 2015. We included 28 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Thirty studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. Three small studies investigated interventions during this period after conservative orthopaedic management. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hyp
Four studies met the inclusion criteria. Two studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were non-randomised trials. Two RCTs were conducted in low-income countries. One RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. A second RCT showed that the intervention group had fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control
This review found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative pain, based on limited data for at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours. No serious adverse events or adverse event withdrawals were reported in these studies. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. Efficacy of other doses, other efficacy outcomes, and
This review included six randomised controlled trials involving 857 women with symptomatic prolapse. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (857 women); two trials included women having surgery and compared it to surgery alone (118 women). Two trials compared it with surgery as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone. The trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Two out of three
Fourteen randomised controlled trials (1,724 analysed participants or ears) were included in this review; some included otitis externa, mastoid cavity infections and other diagnoses. Topical quinolone antibiotics can clear aural discharge better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics; non-quinolone antibiotic effects (without steroids) versus no drug or antiseptic treatment are less clear. Studies were also inconclusive regarding any differences between qu
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS correctly identified schizophrenia from all other diagnoses with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%), and a specificity of 81.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), of which 5 were new to this update; all interventions were adjuncts to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 children in the 9 educational interventions and 44 participants in the 1 psychological study. The evidence is current to July 2015. The studies were conducted in both the United Kingdom and the United States. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant
Fourteen randomised controlled trials (753 participants) were included in this review. These trials compared HBOT with no treatment for LRTI in people with established radiation injury to the head, neck, anus and rectum. There was some moderate quality evidence that HBOT was more likely to achieve mucosal coverage with osteoradionecrosis (ORN) (risk ratio (RR) 1.3, number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB)
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, one on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. The use of blunt needles reduced the risk of glove perforations with a relative risk (RR) of 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 0.54)
The review currently includes seven randomised controlled trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy or tolerability of treatment between the two drugs in terms of response to treatment and tolerability. However, at least one movement disorder was more frequent in the triffluoper
We found nine eligible randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 preterm infants in total. These trials compared responsive with scheduled interval regimens in preterm babies. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain (1.36, 95% CI −2.44
Two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants were included in this review. One trial with 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (a network of nerves that sends signals from the spine to the shoulder, arm, and hand.) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo (mean difference (MD 0.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.11, P < 0.001) and
We found two studies with data from 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The authors reported a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm that was incentivised with a
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm birth, small-for-gestational age and low birthweight, and low for stillbirth or neonatal death and birthweight. Zinc supplementation resulted in a small reduction in the number of babies born preterm
Ten randomised controlled trials (1656 participants) met our inclusion criteria, and pharmaceutical industry funded none of these trials. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and decreased relapse rate at one month but this did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure or mycological cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-
We included seven trials (involving 696 participants) in this update of the review. The included trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. Two of the trials were in Germany and Italy which are high-income countries, while four trials in upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey, and the seventh trial
We identified a large number of trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy (n = 83) but only five of these studies were eligible for inclusion in the review, i.e. a total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with non-proliferative diabetic ret
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%). The mean age was 65 years. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. Compared to oxygen therapy, CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (low quality evidence) with a number
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analysis. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions
The review included 10 trials (249 participants) using different treatment regimens. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Three trials (n = 78) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo, but we were unable to perform meta-analysis because of variations in study analysis and presentation of trial data, with no access to the primary data for re-analysis. Two trials (
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared linezolid with vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs, including those caused by MRSA. We included nine RCTs with a total of 3144 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were supported by the manufacturer of the drug that makes the drug. We found that there was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two drugs. There were fewer incidents
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants in this review. Our critical appraisal revealed vast heterogeneity with respect to methodological quality and outcome parameters. Current evidence suggests no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. Postoperative mortality (OR 0.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.26 to 1.32), overall survival
This systematic review of randomised controlled trials of calcium channel blockers in acute traumatic head injury patients shows that considerable uncertainty remains over their effects. The effect of nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage shows a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 enrolled participants (one study used a cluster-randomized design). Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be at a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (12.54%) in the immediate
The new search identified fifteen randomised controlled trials. Ten trials involving eight different comparison groups have been included. Three trials were eligible for inclusion. The number of oocytes retrieved were significantly less in the conventional GnRHa long protocol compared to stop protocol and GnRH antagonist protocol. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was significantly higher in the GnR Ha long protocol group compared to the Stop protocol. Cancellation rates were significantly higher with the GnRH flare up
This 2009-10 update adds 21 additional studies, with a total of 53 randomised controlled trials included. Family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations and would therefore be of interest to people with schizophrenia, clinicians and policy makers. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT
We found three randomised controlled trials with 263 participants. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. Most participants were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed
We included seven randomised controlled trials with a total of 922 participants in this review. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. On pooled analysis, corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities without resultant serious adverse events (no events, 737 participants) and mortality (915 participants). The duration of fever (mean difference (MD) −1.65 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) −3.31 to 0.00; 210 participants
We included eight studies involving 846 randomised participants, of which four studies involved comparisons of PIP with control groups only. Four studies included comparisons with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy). Two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. Six
We found one new included study in this updated version. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). The very low quality of evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation (N = three trials, 209 participants), maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood (made up of liquid and solids), UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood pressure in
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six intervention groups in four trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. Reminder packaging increased adherence by 11% (range 6% to 17%). Notable heterogeneity occurred among these trials (I2 = 96.3%). Two trials reported data for the proportion of self-reported adherent patients, reporting a reduction in the intervention group
We identified a total of 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046, a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor). All trials had high risk of bias. There
We searched the medical literature up to January 2016 and found 61 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The 52 studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The studies included in this review included people with any type of kidney disease, including CCS, CCS receiving total body irradiation, and CCS undergoing abdominal radiotherapy. We found that the prevalence of adverse renal effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may
This review included two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® (Cajanus cajan) were included. The results of the Phase IIB (pivotal) trial suggests that the drug, which is used to treat sickle cell disease, was effective in reducing episodes of severe pain in people with the disease. It did not affect the risk of
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy in individuals with early-stage HL and negative PET scans. The third trial compared chemotherapy with standard treatment with radiotherapy in participants with a positive PET scan and a negative PET scan. The study design of the third trial was more complex. Participants
We found 31 trials that met the inclusion criteria. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences from levonorgestrel containing COC
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared land-based therapeutic exercise programmes with no exercise compared with a control group in people with symptomatic hip or knee OA. Nine of the 10 included trials (549 participants) showed that exercise reduced pain and improved physical function immediately after treatment. Pain and physical function were estimated to be 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0
We included nine high-quality randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 260 participants. Six trials focussed on comparison of exercise therapy versus no exercise therapy, whereas three trials compared two interventions that both met our definition of exercise therapies. The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. Best evidence synthesis showed strong evidence in favour of
Only one randomised controlled trial including 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) (n = 35) or delayed laparoscopy (mean waiting period: 4.2 months) in the early group and 40 participants in the delayed group, contributed information to this review. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. There
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with short-term antibiotics. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of the evidence for our outcomes. Overall, long term antibiotics probably reduce the risk of SSI (
We included one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis. Two babies died after birth but before discharge in the elective (intervention) group versus none in the spontaneous group (risk ratio (RR) 5.00; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.26 to 98.00). Seven women (33%) in the
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week; 122 participants were randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. All studies used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). Other non-paracetam
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the effectiveness of different treatments for sleep apnea. The trials were conducted in China and 14 in hospitals. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) were the most commonly evaluated drugs. For the outcome of 'no clinically important improvement' astemiz
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 195 participants with MS. Two RCTs investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three trials investigated expiratory muscle exercise with a resistive threshold device and one trial investigated regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results
This review included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication in 38 women (41 pregnancies) with only 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal bleeding were not studied by this RCT. Current evidence indicates that compared to no medication, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of betam
We identified two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive
We included 67 trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women; the number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with endpoint haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (high quality evidence).
This review included five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment. Among five included studies, no reduction in all-cause mortality was observed in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02
This review found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests that a longitudinal incision is less painful. There was no difference seen in other early or late complications and recovery times were similar although the transverse incision may
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 981 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. Sample sizes ranged from 33 to 351. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute LBP, individuals receiving MBR had less pain (four studies with 336 participants; moderate-quality of evidence due to risk of
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response (low quality evidence). In absolute terms, there were 40 more participants with a pain response in participants with prostate cancer metastatic to bone (19 fewer to 114 more). We found 58 fewer SREs per 1000 (85 fewer to 27 fewer). There were no clinically relevant differences in mortality (low
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1093 patients. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. We found a statistically significant increased PFS in previously untreated patients in the HDT + ASCT arm (HR = 0.42 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of performance bias within the trials but overall, risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear. Data showed WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment (1 RCT n = 72, RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.73, low-quality evidence). However, WDD was
We found 12 studies with 799 participants. We found three new studies (228 participants), bringing the total to 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different types of arch wires. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires (low-quality evidence).
This review includes just one study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales, and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item Scale).
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. One trial compared frequencies of application of topical products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. Participants were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or were hospitalised. The evidence in this review is current up to 28 September
We included seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 333 participants in our review. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacy
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine. The results showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia between treatment groups. Glycaemic control, measured by glycosylated haemoglobin A1c and HbA1c equal to or less than 7% with or without hyperglycaemia, did not differ statistically significantly between groups. Ins
Six trials were included in this review. Six trials assessed the effects of SNS for FI. In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe FI in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of faecal incontinence compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy (mean difference (MD) −5.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.
We found two randomised controlled trials (n = 190 participants) that compared molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or a light-Cured adhesive with molar bands cemented with glass ionomer cement. Both trials showed a statistically significant difference in favour of the molar band. No statistically significant heterogeneity was shown between the two studies. Data on first time failure at the patient level were also available and showed statistically different difference between the groups. One trial showed
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible according to the inclusion criteria. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall, the quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of index test interpretation bias and two studies presented an increased risk of selection bias. For primary tumor (T) stage, results were stratified by the depth of invasion of the gastric
We found six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay surgery (N = 253) for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age in the studies varied between 40 and 47 years. The average age of the participants in the included trials ranged from
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. Studies were generally of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found four studies (1272 participants). At both
We included three randomised controlled trials involving 6343 participants. As the trials differed in the methods of measuring carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke, we did a pooled analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up), after reassessing the angiograms and outcomes from all three trials using the primary electronic data files, and redefined outcome events where necessary, to achieve comparability. On re-analysis,
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) and non-randomized controlled trials that compared the two types of stoma-related interventions for the prevention of parastoma. We found only one randomized controlled trial (RCT) with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer (37/60), ulcerative
We included 24 studies with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. For
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 949 participants with mostly moderate or severe cancer pain. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blind and one open-label; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid or opioid combination, and one both. None had a placebo only control. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another treatment,
Two studies comprising 287 participants were included in this review. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study, reported that tinzaparin resulted in more rapid resolution of pain, as measured with a numerical pain scale. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days in favour of the tinzinaparin group (95% confidence
We found 36 observational studies (1285 patients) that compared antiplatelets with anticoagulants and found no significant differences in the odds of death or disability, or the occurrence of ischaemic stroke. Symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages (a medical emergency) and major extracranial hemorrhages occurred only in the antiplatelet group; however, for both these outcomes, the estimates were imprecise and indicated no significant difference
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 2066 patients. We grouped results according to wound type, silver preparation, and silver preparation. We found insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-containing dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite. Only one comparison showed a significant reduction in wound healing time associated with a silver-
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. We found no difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy, clinical cure, length
We included 29 studies (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. Impact of policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards
Nineteen studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review with data available for a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Comparison 1: Any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA Four studies compared
Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 participants), one trial (40 participants) of oral steroids or no treatment; one trial with 28 participants of oral or intra-articular steroids; and one trial of manipulation under anaesthesia and intraarticular steroid injection with or without oral steroids. Study participants were similar across trials, but no trial used the same oral steroid regimen or dosage. Trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported
Three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 participants were included in the review. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. No differences in disease control were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisolone (one trial each), for adding plasma exchange, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil to corticosteroids, for adding tetracycline or nicotinamide to prednisone
Seventy-five randomised controlled trials, involving 7957 participants with irritable bowel syndrome, met the inclusion criteria. Seventy-one different herbal medicines were tested in the included trials. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. The methodological quality of three trials was high, but the quality of remaining trials was generally low. Compared with placebo, a Standard Chinese herbal formula, individualised Chinese herbal medicine, STW 5 and STW
We found 22 trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of pericoital use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis to prevent pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 studies), and hormones other than L
We included 15 studies with 561 patients in this review. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies (5547 participants) evaluated two different statin regimens in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to combine data from 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. We found that statin therapy consistently prevented major cardiovascular events (13 studies, 36
We identified nine randomised controlled trials with 379 participants. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were parallel designed RCTs. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (Bo
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared latrepirdine with placebo or no treatment in people with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer’s disease. We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were identified for analyses of safety and tolerability outcomes
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke respectively. In people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis, recurrent stroke was significantly reduced by RIC treatment compared with non-RIC treatment. However, there was no significant difference between RIC and non-ric for reducing stroke severity as assessed by the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score and the infarct volume.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to January 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The average age of the infants was 28 weeks. The infants were born at 37 weeks' gestation, and were followed up for at least six months. We found that protein supplementation of human milk, fed to preterm
The review includes 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of PEM to no intervention. One single study compared paper-based PEM with the same document delivered on CD-ROM. Based on seven studies and 54 outcomes, the median absolute risk difference in categorical practice outcomes was 0.02 when PEMs were compared with no intervention (range from 0 to +0.11). Based
This review found 23 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that assessed the effectiveness of behavioural interventions for young women to reduce sexual activity. Most were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning clinics). The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills, sometimes supplemented with provision of resources. A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlam
We included twenty studies with a total of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychosocial education with cognitive behavior therapy. The evidence is current to May 2015. Participants receiving brief psychoeducational education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term (3 studies), medium term (322 studies), long term (404 studies)
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent flare-ups was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. Study duration was from 7 to 16 months; all studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). Two studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. The third study compared dexamethasone (a steroid drug) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared hel
Eight studies set in primary (four), secondary (one) and tertiary care (accident and emergency = three) were included in the review. The prevalence of vertebral fracture in accident and emergency settings ranged from 6.5% to 11% and in primary care from 0.7% to 4.5%. There were 29 groups of index tests investigated however, only two featured in more than two studies. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear
Two randomised trials were identified. One trial compared the outcomes of surgical urethral dilatation and optical urethrotomy in 210 adult men with urinary stricture disease. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. In the first six months, men were more likely to require further surgery for stricture recurrence than in the primary urethroplasty group. After two years
We included six trials (including one trial testing two relevant protocols) in this review. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the meta-analyses. The four paediatric trials (two involving preschool children and two school-aged children) and two adult parallel-group trials, lasting 12 to 52 weeks, were of high methodological quality. In children and adults with persistent asthma and in preschool children suspected of persistent asthma, there was low
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months).
We found only one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis) that met the eligibility criteria for inclusion in this review. Participants were randomised into three groups: nebulised salbutamol (a type of inhaled medicine), saline (a saline solution) and mist in a tent. The results showed a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score in children who received nebulized salbut
We identified four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval
Four studies involving 149 participants met inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing a splint and not wearing one. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/
This review of 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduce the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean birth, the need for epidural, and does not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Women who were upright were also less likely to have a caesarian section and less likely than women who were lying on their backs.
This review was complicated by a lack of generally accepted criteria for the diagnosis of TOS and had to rely exclusively on the diagnosis by the investigators in the reviewed studies. We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required time for inclusion in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with TOS of any type and compared transaxillary first rib
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference (WMD) - 1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.29 to -0.85) and function and function was maintained at six months. In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 participants) ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not significantly beneficial. However one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. SCORE compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (165 participants) with observation (72 participants) and dexamethasone injections (290 participants) compared with sham injections (147 participants). We found no evidence to support the use of IVS in the treatment of individuals with retinal vein occlusion.
This review identified six randomised controlled trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (-18.5 versus -8.5, P < 0
We included one small randomised controlled trial (involving 24 women) in this review. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of the other four drugs. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no intervention in people with alcoholic liver disease. We found 16 trials that met our inclusion criteria. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 participants) and 934 participants received placebo (a dummy treatment). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old,
We included four randomised controlled trials involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool studies. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition that are related to driving. There was no clear evidence
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). The average age of study participants ranged from 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration
We included one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) and identified three ongoing trials that assess RBC transfusion strategies in people with MDS. The one included study randomised participants to a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb) transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants] or a liberal [Hb trigger < 96 g/l, 5 participants] transfusion policy. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology.
The search strategy identified a total of 2079 unique citations. Out of 84 potentially eligible citations, we included two RCTs. The game evaluated in the first study used as a reinforcement technique, was based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The group that was randomized to the game had statistically higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The second study compared
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of lithium or antidepressants in preventing relapse in people with unipolar affective disorder. Eight randomised controlled trials involving 475 people were included. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. Relapse was defined as admission to hospital and when all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a statistically significant difference in favour of lithium (relative risk (RR) fixed
This review of two randomised controlled clinical trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to intervention versus control) found that the amifostine has no significant radioprotective effects on salivary glands in high-dose radioactive iodine treatment in differentiated thyroid cancer patients. None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs. Randomised controlled trials with low risk of bias investigating patient-oriented outcomes are
We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed
We included two randomised controlled trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality, on serious adverse events and on return to work. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), exercise- based rehabilitation may increase exercise capacity. Due to a
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in
We included six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). There was very low quality evidence that tDCS did not change the global UPDRS score (mean difference (MD) -7.10 %, 95% confidence interval (CI -19.
We included 12 studies (N = 461 participants) in this update of the Cochrane review. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (n = 32 participants). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for LAsB for pain intensity (moderate quality evidence). One small study (
Fourteen trials, including 2488 participants, met the inclusion criteria. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. Incomplete recovery A combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with Bell's palsy compared to corticostimulants alone, but the result was imprecise and allowed for the possibility
We found two small randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 97 women with platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory EOC. One study compared leuprorelin with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) and the other study compared a LHRH agonist (decapeptyl) with a placebo (Currie 1994). Since both studies had different control groups, a meta-analysis was not possible. The duration of follow
We found 17 eligible randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). One trial compared high-frequency ventilation (Kin
This review included seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people) were included in this updated review. Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies
This review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), vitamin or mineral supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting
Twelve randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) reporting 14 comparisons were included in this review. The evidence in this area is of low quality. No included RCT had an overall low risk of bias. There was no difference in healing outcomes between foam dressings and hydrocolloid dressings in the proportion of ulcers healed at 12 to 16 weeks (five RCTs). Pooled data across five R
This review included two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) and etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in IBD patients with rheumatological manifestations. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration.
We found 22 trials that met our inclusion criteria with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; and two trials included people who had non-infect
We found six studies that involved 5193 participants. We found that zinc supplementation in children is associated with a reduction in the incidence and prevalence of pneumonia. The quality of the evidence was low. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update.
Ten studies including 33,179 participants were included in this review. Eight studies found no significant effect of vitamin A on the incidence of acute LRTI, or prevalence of symptoms of symptoms. Vitamin A caused an increased incidence of diarrhoeal illness in one study; an increase in cough and fever in two studies; and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. Two studies reported that vitamin A significantly reduced the incidence in children with poor nutritional status or weight,
Twenty studies met the inclusion criteria. Concomitant therapy varied from none to any other bronchodilator plus corticosteroid (oral and inhaled). The following outcomes were significantly different when compared to placebo: Forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) improved with treatment: Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) 100 ml; 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 40 to 160 ml. Similarly for forced vital capacity (FVC): W
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that involved a total of 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide oral immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven studies used an egg avoidance diet as the control. Primary outcomes were: an increased amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events while receiving allergen-
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. With the limitation that only two studies reported data on mortality and none of them had considered death as a primary endpoint, the meta-analysis showed no evidence of a difference in the risk of long-term mortality between participants who received ILR and those who were managed conventionally at follow-up (very low quality evidence). No data on short term mortality were available. Data from two studies seemed to show a trend towards
We found four small studies that enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy and surgery. All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups, however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. Data analysed in this review showed that there was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Across the 21 studies, the mean number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared regional anaesthesia with no regional anaesthetic for the prevention of persistent pain three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery, caesarean section, iliac crest bone graft harvesting, limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. In total, we included 3027 participants in our inclusive analysis. The evidence is current to
Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 participants were included in this review. First-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, and aripirazole) were tested, followed by second-generation and third-generation drugs, mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), antidepressants (amitript
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Of these, two trials were added for this update (one RCT with 40 participants and one RCT involving 67 participants). The evidence is current to January 2016. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcome measures. None of the trials addressed: number of
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies contributed the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. Eighteen of the studies (14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic alone) there was a significant reduction in RTIs but not in total mortality. Treatment based on the use of topical prophylaxis alone reduces respiratory infections but not mortality. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately
We found five studies that investigated the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care. All of them investigated educational approaches. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. The studies revealed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation during IVF stimulation with placebo. The trials included 416 women. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310) women. For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo (a dummy treatment) with standard-dosed rhGH and high-dose high-dosing rhGH. We found that rhGH treatment may improve
We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants that compared removal from exposure and reduced exposure compared to continued exposure, and complete removal of exposure and reduction of exposure compared with reduced exposure. In 18 studies, authors compared removing from exposure to continuing exposure. Reduction of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agent, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs. In seven studies, we compared reduction of
The review included six trials (n = 1758 participants). All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. There was low quality evidence that people with mild GERD who stopped taking their PPI pills on demand may have an increased risk of 'lack of symptom control'
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (975 participants) comparing social skills training with standard care, or a discussion group. We found evidence in favour of social skills programmes compared to standard care on all measures of social functioning. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower in the social skills group compared to the standard care group. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills. Quality of life was also improved in the
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared pegloticase with placebo or no treatment in people with tophi. We found only one study, at low risk of all biases, that met our inclusion criteria. This study included 225 participants, 145 of whom had tophi at baseline. The participants were randomly assigned to one of three treatment groups: peglodicase infusion every two weeks
The search identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC of which three met the inclusion criteria. In this review of the three eligible trials (including 2095 neonates), the oral administration of IgG or an IgG/IgA combination did not result in a significant reduction in the incidence of definite NEC, suspected NEC, need for surgery or death from NEC. There are no randomized controlled trials of oral IgA alone. Based on the available
Five randomised controlled trials compared no additional treatment with additional chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy. Four trials compared platinum based combination chemotherapy directly with radiotherapy and one trial compared chemotherapy directly versus radiotherapy alone. Postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the risk of developing a metastasis, could be an alternative to radiotherapy, and has added value when used with radi
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people would
Twenty-three trials involving 2467 people were included in this review. Data from literature are hardly comparable; programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of meta-analysis. The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. We found no clinical difference between methadone versus any other pharmacological treatment, although the
Nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. Antagonist-induced withdrawal is more intense but less prolonged than withdrawal managed with reducing doses of methadone, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established significantly more quickly with antagonist-related withdrawal than withdrawal with clonidine and symptomatic medications. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the
We included fourteen studies. Duration ranged from very short (10 days) studies of the intramuscular preparation, to trials lasting over three months. When compared to other typical antipsychotics, we found no evidence of a difference in effectiveness (doctors' 4 RCTs n=150, nurses' 4RCTsn=146, RR 1.13, CI 0.69 to 1.86; nurses' 2RCTS n=60, RR
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of interventions. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone cream, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide, and combination creams and combination peels), as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C ion
Twelve randomised controlled trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. Not all studies reported population characteristics, of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. 83% of participants were white and 40% were male. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure and those undergoing surgery for the first time
This review found that long-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients, although one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. There was no statistically significant effect on mortality. The rate of pneumonia was increased in the ICS group compared to placebo, in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event. ICS reduced the mean rate
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) comparing 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%); a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo (35 RCTs, 53%). This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. In the main analysis, we assessed mortality occurring before hospital discharge only in those studies where high levels of high PEEP were
This review included 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. Fifteen studies were excluded from the original review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for RRT in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies (19 studies, 9857 patients) and the number with author-defined kidney failure (15 studies
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). The evidence is current to January 2015. Seven of the nine studies were judged to be at low risk of incomplete outcome reporting; three studies were rated to be of low risk for selective reporting (protocols were available and/or all outcomes relevant to
We included 13 studies, which included 2745 individuals with dementia, with a total of 1413 (51%) with dementia. The IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. We found no significant differences in the test accuracy of the short (16-item) versus the long (26-item version) version of the
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES)
Four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, were included in this review. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. Randomisation was performed one week after liver transplantation in one of the trials and after six months after transplantation for six months in another; from transplantation until randomisation, HBIG alone was given to all patients in the two trials. A third trial compared combination treatment with combination treatment (LAMIVUDine and
We found 15 studies involving 1019 participants who were followed between three months to 10 years (1060 randomised). All studies had a high risk of bias. Sulphonylurea (SU) with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at two years was
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies (42,784 participants) were included in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small,
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no intervention. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. Due to the quality of evidence being very low
Three randomised controlled trials were included. In two trials, there was a statistically significant reduction in the recurrence of painful periods in the LNG-IUD group compared with expectant management (moderate strength of evidence). The proportion of women who were satisfied with their treatment was also higher but this did not reach statistical significance. The number of women reporting a change in menstruation was significantly higher in the women receiving the IUD group but the number not completing the allocated treatment did
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA (14/24). Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. For selection outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from three studies (n = 154) found that exposure to fewer options
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the effect of occupational PEP on preventing HIV infection in people exposed to HIV. We found only one study, which compared the effects of PEP with placebo (a dummy treatment) for occupational exposure to HIV in people who had not been exposed to the virus in the first place. This study found no differences in the rates at which
This review found that CBT is a useful approach to the management of chronic pain. CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. There is no evidence to support the use of behaviour therapy in the treatment of people with chronic pain, except for a small improvement in mood immediately following treatment when compared with an active control. The quality of the
We identified 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met the inclusion criteria. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Ten of the 15 initiatives provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). Five of these showed mean decreases in average daily salt intake per person from pre-intervention to post- intervention, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland) to 0
We identified 18 potentially relevant RCTs, but only seven met the inclusion criteria. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol and levodopa were compared with placebo. Results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no
We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA)), gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants. Studies reported mortality
The 33 eligible studies largely compared open questions with checklist-type questions or rating scales. Two included participant interviews. Despite different designs, populations and details of questioning methods, the narrative review showed that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between elicitation methods.
We identified 582 records from the databases and search strategies. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract) for inclusion in the review. We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. We included 15 studies: eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP; five studies measured sensitivity of devices to detect GTCS but did not
This review included seven studies involving 208 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over in design; participant numbers ranged from 17 to 75. The total study duration varied between four days and two years.
Twenty five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review, of which 22 studies (1060 participants) contributed data to meta-analyses. Based on thirteen studies, psychological therapies, all using a CBT approach, were more effective than TAU/WL in achieving clinical response at post-treatment, and also in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms. Six studies compared CBT against supportive therapy (non-directive therapy and attention-placebo conditions). No
Twelve trials (1,856 women) met the inclusion criteria. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-center trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. Eight of the included trials compared treatment with placebo and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. Ten trials (1684 women) contributed data to the analyses. In five trials women had had three or
We searched the medical literature up to May 2015 and found 14 studies with 1298 pregnant women. The evidence is current to May 2016. We found that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psychosocial interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However, few studies evaluated obstetrical or neonatal outcomes and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect of these interventions on these
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term net adverse clinical events (NACE) (i.e. assessed during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up) (moderate quality evidence), cardiac death (4 studies), bleeding (10 studies), and access site
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. This and small sample sizes meant that the overall certainty of all the evidence was very low. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two studies in terms of the interventions and the settings. One study (99 participants)
Three trials reporting two different sequencing comparisons were identified. There were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse-free and metastasis-free outcomes based on 1166 randomised women in three trials. On the basis of one trial (244 women), RT before CT was associated with an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis compared with CT before RT, but other measures of toxicity did not
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three studies compared CrP (a chronic pain condition.) plus resistance or weight training with placebo, the other three studies compared the same dose of CrP with placebo (a dummy pill). The other
Eleven studies with a total of 886 participants were included in the review. These evaluated a range of comparisons in the range of surgical wound treatments. The studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. These factors reduced the quality of the evidence. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. However, there
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (born.) (two studies). There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-randomised studies (1181 participants, 8037 live births); two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a
We identified six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. Two randomised controlled trials assessing neonatal screening in CF were identified; data from one study were included. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were significantly better among screened participants; 33% of screened versus 50% of control participants had Wisconsin chest X-ray scores over five (P = 0.097) and
We found five randomized trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' versus'standard' systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. Despite achieving a significantly lower BP (119.3/64.4 mmHg vs 133.5/70.5mmHg), and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant
Fourteen trials (709 participants) met the inclusion criteria for the review. Seven studies (366 participants) compared non-removable casts with removable pressure-relieving devices. In five of those studies non-reovable casts were associated with a statistically significant increase in the number of ulcers healed compared with the removable device (RR 1.17 95% CI 1.01 to 1.36: P value = 0.04). Two studies (98 participants) found that
Five studies describing six interventions (comprising a total of 235 participants) met the eligibility criteria for the review. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions (n = 100), two of compensatory strategy training interventions, one of meditation interventions (47 participants) and one of physical activity intervention (19 participants) were identified. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Data for our primary outcome of interest, cognitive
We found 12 records referring to six trials. We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and piperacetazine. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS). No clear difference was observed. In both treatment groups,
We found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stenting and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. However, there was
We included nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin or HES (two RCTs) or mannitol (one RCT) versus placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS. The evidence was very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though heterogeneity was
Ten studies involving 484 patients were included in this review. The evidence did not suggest superior efficacy or patient satisfaction for any one sclerosing agent used in the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs, but the agents studied showed superiority to a normal saline placebo. There was some evidence suggesting that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and that
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. Of the studied agents, salbutamol via any route and IV insulin-dextrose appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. Insulin-derived dextrose was more effective than bicarbonate
Thirty-nine studies, enrolling 4216 participants, were included in this review, however only 30 studies, involving 3392 participants, contained enough data to be meta-analysed. Studies compared antimicrobial lock solutions to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. Studies reported the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Fifteen studies used antibiotic lock solutions, 21 used non-antibiotic antimicrobial
We identified 15 eligible studies (1098 participants). Of these, six investigated pre-emptive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at antiviral prophylaxis, and one reported on oral versus intravenous (a hollow organ in your lower abdomen that stores urine.) The studies compared pre-prevention with placebo or standard care. Pre-preventive treatment significantly reduced the risk of developing CMV disease but not acute
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) met our inclusion criteria: these investigated a total of 140 participants and ranged from six weeks to five months in duration. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. All RCTs compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. There was a statistically significant improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at three
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared the use of the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiratory pressure. We found 19 studies with 440 participants. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled
This review identified eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the standard insemination protocol. The evidence is current to January 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, France, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. The review found that there was a higher ongoing pregnancy rate and a higher clinical pregnancy rate with the use of
In five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, a long IT was associated with a significant increase in air leak and death before hospital discharge that reached borderline statistical significance. There was no significant difference in the incidence of BPD. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care, because the studies included in this review were conducted prior to the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The studies were of low methodological quality. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the treatment, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects
We identified 38 eligible trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, it was the number of participants remaining in the trial. There were few evaluations of ways to improve participants returning to trial sites for trial follow-up. Most of
We included eight randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. Seven included studies provided data related
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1453 participants. Participants were aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. The studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. The median standardised
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income ones, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored their experiences of healthcare providers and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. We found 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic
This review of 16 trials, involving 3361 patients, found that calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after aneurysmal SAH. However, the results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral nimodipine; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. Calcium antagonists reduced the occurrence of death and showed a favourable trend for case fatality. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that included 739 children with high-risk neuroblastoma. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups, but the results were not univocal in all studies. There was a significant statistical difference in event-free survival in favour of
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The median follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced all
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed
We found 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) that compared two-dimensional ultrasound with an anatomical landmark technique for subclavian (arterial puncture, haematoma formation) or femoral vein (success on the first attempt) cannulation for central vein catheterization. Most of the studies had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. The quality of evidence was very low (sub
Fifteen studies were included using four different methods of administration of physostigmine. Four studies, 29 people, used intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people, use a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people used a controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 people used verum skin patch. Intravenous infusion was associated with improvement on the ADAS-Cog score compared with placebo at 6, 12 and 24 weeks. There was no difference
We included 13 randomised controlled trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people who had already had a stroke, and one trial recruited people with a mix of people with CVD. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate. We found that fibrates were effective in preventing stroke, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death. However, this beneficial effect
Twelve randomised controlled trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants) satisfied inclusion criteria and contributed data to the analysis. All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The quality of evidence was also as assessed using GRADE. Overall, included studies had moderate risk
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine and rimantadines with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat influenza A in children and the elderly. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies were of low or very low quality, and the safety of the drugs was not well established. The results of this review do not indicate
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing intrauterine insemination (IUI) and in two studies they were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of
We included four randomised controlled trials (3905 participants), all of which were at high risk of bias. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We found no high-quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. We
Five studies (149 participants) met the inclusion criteria. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks versus placebo), mesalazine versus mesalmazine plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate versus mesalamide. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was significantly more effective than placebo for induction of clinical
Twelve randomised controlled trials were included and evaluated outcomes in 3259 patients with type 2 diabetes. Intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared self-monitoring with usual care without monitoring, one study compared SMBG with SMUG and one study was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG versus usual care and one trial was a two-arm trial comparing less intensive SMBG versus more intensive self-
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD met the inclusion criteria, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; cognitive behaviour therapy plus standard maintenance, and 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated program' with incarceration) appeared effective, compared to the control condition, in terms of improvement in at least one outcome. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance
This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. Five studies provided data on purulent rhinitis. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants
We found five randomised controlled trials (162 randomised participants) that compared five comparisons (systemic antibiotic treatment (penicillin, erythromycin, rifampicin, vitamin C, and azithromycin) with no treatment. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. One study declared funding by a pharmaceutical company. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 933 participants with MS; 464 were randomised to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the comparator group. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested placebo. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on the annualised relapse rate, worsening of disability measured by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS), and MRI lesions. Effects on health-related quality of life and fatigue are unclear. Vitamin
We included 62 studies with 4241 participants in this review. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design ranging from one to 15 days, with the greatest number (11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. The primary outcomes for this review were participant-reported pain and pain relief. In the previous update of this review, a standard of 'no worse than mild pain' was set, equivalent to a score of 30/100 mm or less on a
This review included 14 studies with a total of 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery versus
Three randomised controlled trials, with 931 participants, tested different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of performance and detection bias. The studies were otherwise at low risk of bias. One study,
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Three trials compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two trials compared oral montelukast against placebo (n = 103). We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not analysed as randomised. We also had concerns about
We included six studies with a total of 1291 children with CVCs. Of the six included studies, five investigated the prevention of VTE compared with no intervention (n = 737 children), and one study compared AT supplementation and LMWH with AT supplementation (71 children). All studies had methodological limitations, and clinical heterogeneity between studies was noted. In one study, which compared one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment, we identified a significant reduction in symptomatic VTE with the
Three trials with a total of 287 participants operated on for Type I or II TAAA were included in this review. In the first trial of 98 participants, neurological deficits in the lower extremities occurred in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%), and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) participants. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 662 participants. Our primary outcomes of interest were as follows: Participant-rated global improvement, Percentage of participants reaching Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which meant equal to or more than 75% reduction in PASI score), Withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate.
Twenty one eligible studies were identified with a total of 1525 participants. About half of the trials had low risk of bias for randomisation and allocation concealment. We found some evidence that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may enhance the outcome of treatment compared to electrical stimulation alone or exercises alone. The combined data of two trials showed that the number of people with faecal incontinence failing to achieve full continence was significantly lower when electrical stimulation was added to the biofeed
Thirty nine randomised trials were identified for inclusion in the review. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. The data from five trials were heterogeneous but tended to indicate a higher risk of (re)catheterisation if a catheter was not used postoperatively. Urethral catheter versus suprapubic catheterisation  In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised if a ureth
Ten studies (3340 participants) were included in the review. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies compared an additional treatment to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment (754 participants). The overall risk of bias was unclear. Evidence shows that a
We found no evidence of significant difference between ethanol or urokinase lock treatments with concomitant systemic antibiotics and systemic antibiotics alone regarding the number of participants cured, number of recurrent CVC-related infections, the number days until the first negative blood culture (sepsis), number of CVCs prematurely removed, ICU admission and sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared educational interventions to no treatment for acute or chronic whiplash-related pain. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on activating the affected area of the neck was more beneficial for acute pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term
We found 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria as the Cochrane review, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences, which formed the basis of a thematic synthesis, and which is presented in appendices to this Cochrane Review. There is insufficient rigorous evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RSL symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group (using the IRLSSS: MD -7.0; 95% CI -9.69 to -4.48). The proportion of patients who were drug responders was greater in
Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults with dorsally displaced and potentially or evidently unstable distal radial fractures, were included in this review. While all trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation, there was considerable variation especially in terms of patient characteristics and interventions. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. External fixation was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor.
This review found that early removal of ureteric stents following kidney transplantation may reduce the incidence of UTI while it uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. BI stents are the optimum method for achieving this benefit. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking. Five studies (1127 patients) were included in our analysis. Generally the risk of bias of the included studies was judged low or unclear; they addressed the research question and
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique versus fillings. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs versus non-restorative caries treatment. The final study compared two different types of crowns: aesthetic stainless steel crowns versus white veneers. All studies
We included 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) in this review. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was
Four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe CD met the inclusion criteria and were used in the meta-analyses. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other studies were judged to be at low risk of biased. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks)
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared beta-blockers with placebo or no treatment in people with CKD. We found 112 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were conducted in the general population and included people with or without CKD, but provided subgroup data for people who had CKD; and 81 studies included individuals with CK
This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. The risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically different between groups. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no statistically significant difference
We included two studies with 54 participants with CVI. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. The intensity of disease signs and symptoms was measured in both studies but using different scales; we were therefore unable to pool the data. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline (mean difference (MD) 4.88%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.16 to 6
Seventy-six trials with a median quality score of 3 (range 1 to 5) were identified. Forty trials included comparisons of hyaluronan/hylan and placebo (saline or arthrocentesis), ten trials included compared of intra-articular (IA) corticosteroids, six trials included comparing of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), three trials included comparison of physical therapy (exercise, exercise plus physical therapy), two trials included
We identified ten randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants. Four RCTs (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics. Misoprostols did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality (risk ratio (RR) 6.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.75 to 50.85), serious maternal morbidity (RR 0.34
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation of cysteine-containing PN in preterm infants with a control group of infants who did not have a PN containing cysteines. We found six trials that met our inclusion criteria. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. One large multicenter RCT evaluated
We identified 77 trials including 6287 participants that met the inclusion criteria of this review. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The trials
In total, 1282 participants with MCI at baseline were identified in the 15 included studies of which 1172 had analysedable data; 430 participants converted to Alzheimer’s disease dementia and 130 participants to other forms of dementia. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. The accuracy of the CSF t-tau was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (RALRP). The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found evidence showing no clinically meaningful differences in postoperative
We included 7 new observational studies in this update, bringing the total number to 14, including 5 cohort and 9 case-control studies, with 1,601,515 study subjects. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. These outcomes included: mode of delivery (mode of delivery, type of caesarean section, and length of stay in hospital); congenital abnormalities, including
We found four trials that met the inclusion criteria of this review. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroid
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 450 participants with ischaemic stroke. We found no evidence from these trials that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic treatment with respect to functional outcome. The quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). At the end of follow-up,
We included one randomised controlled trial, involving 120 families and 143 children in high-income countries. No evidence suggested that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.34, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.01 to 0.69, 127 participants, 1 study, very low-quality evidence) or
In total, 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices were identified through the screening process. Eleven of these indices have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. However, none of the currently available histologic scoring indices have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for hist
We included three randomised trials that evaluated intramedullary nailing versus plating in 213 participants, with useable data from 173 participants of whom 112 were male. The mean age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the need for re-operation
We included 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants: eight studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLD for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35
The evidence is current to January 2015. We included four studies with a total of five hundred nineteen men from four randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials, (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) comparing B-sitosterol with placebo. Three studies used non-glucosidic B-sintroins and one study used a preparation that contained 100% B-satosterol. The evidence suggests that B-Sitosterols improve urinary symptoms and flow
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events when regular Salmeterol was compared with placebo but the increase was not significant (Peto odds ratio (OR) 1.
This review of two studies found no evidence from controlled clinical trials that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants. Both studies had methodological concerns including quasi-random methods of patient allocation, no blinding of treatment or measurement and substantial post allocation losses.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants in this review. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The results of the review showed that non -absorbables may help to reduce serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease including liver failure, hepatorenal (
The evidence is current to January 2019. We included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) that compared bisphosphonate therapy with placebo, vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin (thyroid cancer). Median duration of follow-up was 12 months. Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss
Four trials involving 317 people met the inclusion criteria. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 to 20 mmol/day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA)
We included 15 randomised controlled trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment: clinical diagnosis (odds
Eight randomised controlled trials (involving 2515 patients) met the inclusion criteria. Three RCTs (all performed in Asian countries) compared D3 with D2 lymphadenectomy: data suggested no significant difference in OS between these two types of lymph node dissection. Data for DFS were available only from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Five trials (n = 3 European; n = 2 Asian; three in Europe and one in
Thirteen studies, involving 1158 participants, met the criteria for inclusion in this review. The findings of this review suggest that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low (28%). The conclusion is that the studies conducted have not allowed an adequate evaluation of the efficacy and safety of oral
We found two studies that examined the effects of changing the consistency of fluids for swallowing difficulties in people with dementia. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. The second study
Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women were included. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using standard IVF, the chance using natural cycle IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was no evidence of a statistically significant difference between natural cycle and IVF in live birth rates, OHSS, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. All included studies were RCTs; three studies used allocation concealment, six reported blinded outcome assessors and three studies adopted an intention-to-treat approach to statistical analysis. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. Study sample sizes were generally small and interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. Control groups usually received no intervention or therapy based on a standard-care approach. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a
We identified five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether addition or substitution of fluoroquinolones for ethambutol or isoniazid in the first-line regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases culture conversion at eight weeks. For relapse, we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 170
