This review of 38 trials found that following the education of children and their carers about the need to be assessed by their paediatric carers when they have an exacerbation of their asthma, can reduce the frequency of emergency department visits for the child and the carers. There is not yet a clear answer as to what type, duration and intensity of the education provided.
We found 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 were given a dose of 0.25 mg to 1 mg, and to 3753 participants who were not given ketamine before or after surgery. The types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, hip joint replacement surgery, shoulder arthroscopy, knee joint replacements surgery, surgery to remove the cruciate ligament (a part of the knee), surgery to repair the knee, breast or ureter, abdominal surgery, radical prostate surgery, thyroid surgery, elective caesarean section, and laparoscopic surgery. Ten studies used S-ketamine, and the other 10 used Rketamine. We did not pool the results by type of surgery or by the dose of ketamine (0.25 to 5 µg/kg per dose). We found that ketamine reduced pain at rest by 19% and pain at 24 hours by 5/100 mm, compared with placebo (low- or very low-quality evidence). Pain at 48 hours and at 24 and 48 hours was reduced by 22% and 5, respectively (high- and very low quality evidence, high- and low- or moderate- or low-level evidence, respectively). Pain after 24 hours was improved by 14% and 24 hours, and by 6 to 48 hours (moderate- to low-or-very low-based on a scale of 0 to 24 hours. The amount of opioid (a type of painkiller) used in the first 24 hours after surgery was 13 mg less than in the ketamine group. The area of postoperative hyperalgesia (a state of high blood sugar) was 7 cm² less (7 cm² lower (7.2 cm² higher) than in control groups. The time for the first pain-relieving analgesic request was increased by 54 hours (from 39 to 71 hours), from 39 to 74 hours after the first request made by the patient. We found no difference in the amount of nitrous oxide used when ketamine was used. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if we found large-scale studies, or twice if we only found small-study effects. The overall risk of bias was low or moderate for most of the results, except for study size, which made it uncertain for most analyses.
We found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 children under the age of five to nine years. All five trials reported on side effects; none were of high quality. One trial with 17 children who were given an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine) did not show a reduction in the growth of the parasite in children who had been put on a placebo (i.e. a fake drug) after a six-month trial. In the other trial with 120 children aged five to 11 years who were put on placebo after a 12-month study, MSP-RESA showed promise as a way to reduce the number of episodes of malaria in children, but the results were imprecise due to the small sample size of the trial. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review of four studies, with a total of 125 participants, found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of this method in the treatment of long bone fractures. Although there is some evidence from one study that suggests that it may be beneficial in the short term, this is not conclusive and needs to be assessed in the long term. One of the studies found that participants who received the method at a fixed time point (24 weeks) did not have more pain than those who did not. One study found that pain was similar in both groups. Only one of the trials found that the method reduced the amount of pain caused to the patient. There were no reports of any side effects of the method. Although the results of this review are imprecise and inconclusive, there is a need for more well-conducted research in this area.
We found 12 trials with a total of 1831 participants. Ten of the trials were of low risk of bias (i.e. there was a low risk that the true effect of the method used to decide whether the group receiving the drain or the no drain was the same as the control group). Nine of the 12 trials (involving 910 participants) compared the use of the drain with no drain after laparoscopic cholecystoscopic surgery. One of the studies compared the number of deaths in the first 10 days after surgery between the drain group and the 'no drain' group. There was no difference in the short-term deaths between the two groups in the ten trials with 1681 participants. There were no differences between the drains and the no drains in the percentage of deaths during the first ten days after the surgery (1.1%; 1.1%), in the rate of patients who died (0.5%; 0.5%), or in the total length of time spent in hospital (5.0%; 449). The average age of participants ranged from 48 years to 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The percentage of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. The length of stay in hospital was similar in both groups (from 4.49 days to 0.51 days). The operating time was longer in the drains (from 5.00 hours to 7.30 hours) than in the control groups. The quality of life of the patients in the group (from 93 to 95%) was not improved (from 92 to 93). The rate of adverse events in each group was similar (from 1.5% to 12.0%). There was a lower rate of mortality (from 0.9 events per 100) in the drainage group compared to the group in the eight trials with 1286 participants. In the one trial with 93 participants, there was no evidence to suggest that the drain reduced the risk of death or the time it took to return to work (from 2.4% to 7 hours). In the group with the drain, there were no more or less adverse events than the group without the drain (from 12/646 to 12/634). The number of participants who were discharged as day-procedure laparoscopy after surgery (from 68 to 31.4%) seemed to be similar in the drain and no drain groups. However, the length of hospital stay was shorter in the one study with 68 participants. We did not have enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review of forty-nine randomised trials (involving 3639 participants) found no evidence to suggest that Chinese herbal medicines are beneficial for the treatment of this type of disease. Most of the trials were of low quality in terms of their design and how they were carried out. Based on these results, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of Chinese herbal medicine for the prevention of adverse events due to the lack of reporting of information in the trials.
We found five small, short-term randomised trials (involving 1382 patients) that compared IAS to CAST. All trials were of short duration (no more than six months), which did not assess whether IAS was as good as CAST for treatment of prostate cancer, or if IAS had more side effects. Only one of the trials (77 patients) looked at how IAS compared with CAST in terms of the amount of drugs used to treat the cancer and how well they worked. We did not find any differences in how well IAS worked, how well CAST worked, or how long IAS and IAS took to work. One trial (43 patients) found no difference in side effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS (two events) and CAST (five events), with the exception of impotence, which was lower in the IAS group. There are too few events to be able to assess which IAS is the best for the treatment of patients with prostate cancer.
We found 12 trials most of moderate risk of bias (i.e. high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was done) with 7,119 women. Five of the 12 randomised to the use of an IUD soon after abortion. One of them showed that the IUD placed on the first day after abortion was more likely to be removed than the one that was left in place until the woman was ready to get back to work. The quality of evidence for this was low. One study showed that using the levonorgestrel intrauterine system (the IUD) was more effective than the Lippes Loop (the Lumbar Loop). In other work, adding a plate to the Lipset Loop (a device placed over the skin to keep it in place) appeared to increase the amount of IUD that is used and the time it takes to put back in place. In one of the studies that looked at the same IUD, the TCu 220C IUD appeared to be as good as the Lippers. However, at six months after abortion, IUD use was higher after insertion. We found that there were more women who got IUDs when they were put back into place. The evidence for most of the findings was of low or very low quality.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials on the use of meditation in haematologically-diseased patients. We found only one randomised controlled trial (a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) published in 2012. Ninety-one people with leukaemia with a low white blood cell count (leukaemia of less than 0.5%) were included in the study. The participants were all adults, but none of them were of the same age as the control group. The trial lasted six months, in which 42 of the 92 participants practised meditation. The quality of the evidence was very low, as we found a high risk of bias due to the lack of reporting of the trial's methods, a high dropout rate (i.e. there was a high chance of bias in the trial) and a high number of participants who did not complete the six-month study. We were not able to assess the impact of meditation on the quality of life of the patients. The body of evidence for all outcomes was assessed as'very low'. This means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. Two of the trials were at high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way they were run and reported). One of the RCTs (involving 56 children) compared varicella vaccine to a placebo (a 'dummy' vaccine) or no vaccine; the other RCT (with 54 children) looked at the safety of the vaccine given more than three days after exposure. We found that, overall, 23 out of 56 children (23%) who were given the vaccine (within three days post-exposure) compared with 42 out of 54 participants (78%) who received no vaccine (placebo) or placebo (or no vaccine) developed varices. Of the children who received the vaccine, most had mild varices (fewer than 50 skin lesions per case), and too few children (too few) received PEP four to five days after the exposure to be able to assess if the vaccine was effective. No adverse events were found. We did not find any RCT for adolescents or adults.
We found 12 trials with 4704 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was carried out). With the exception of one trial in which all the participants were positive for MRSA or had had previous MRSA infections, it does not seem that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery. There were no deaths in the four trials (involving 1.0%) that looked at the use of antibiotic prophylaxis in people having gastrostomies. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed MRSA due to all infections, and 46/4704 (1.0%), people developed SSIs due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic dose (co-amoxiclav) with each other, there were no differences in the percentage of people who had MRSA in the first six months after surgery. However, in the one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with a placebo, the rate of people with MRSA (all SSIs) was lower in the group that was given co-amoxidelav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with the control group. In two trials that compared MRSA infection other than SSI, 19/478 (4.5%), people were found to have MRSA-positive, but there was no difference in the rates of developing MRSA disease at any body site. None of the trials looked at quality of life, the total length of time spent in hospital, the cost of hospital or the amount of money spent on the care of the patients. There is currently no evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotic regimens or giving one antibiotic over the course of an antibiotic for an increased time is of benefit in terms of decreasing MRSA bacteria in the blood.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of home care for women with PPROM. We found only one trial (116 women) that compared planned home care with planned hospital care. The number of women included in each trial was too small to allow us to assess whether home care was better or worse than care in terms of outcomes for the mother or her child. There was no information on death of the baby or the mother's care. Women who planned to care at home spent approximately 10 days less time in hospital (9.6 days less) and were more satisfied with their care (14.6% versus 14.7%). In one of the studies, there was only one baby who died (perinatal death). In the other study, there were too few deaths to be able to determine whether there was a difference in the death rate between the two groups. Home care was associated with fewer caesarean births and cost less than the cost of care in the home care group.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. It is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a different effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. Other outcomes, such as wound infection, pain and cosmesis, were similar between the groups. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased risk of skin separation and the need for reclosure when they are used.
We found 11 studies with a total of 821 adults who were followed up for at least three months to see if they were able to reduce the risk of developing CVD. We found that there are very few long-term trials looking at the use of green or black tea for the prevention of CVD in adults. The results showed that in the short term, both green and black tea showed favourable effects on lipid levels in the blood and blood pressure. However, due to the lack of long term trials, it is not possible to be sure of this. There were no data on the effect of green tea on the incidence of heart attack or stroke. Side effects of the tea types were assessed in five of the 11 studies and these were reported in one of them. In the green tea group, adverse events such as a diagnosis of prostate cancer were seen in a few of the trials, but these are very unlikely to be attributable to the tea type. There is a need for more research in this area.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of azathioprine in reducing the amount of steroid used in the short term to see if it is safe and if it reduces the number of exacerbations or exacerbations caused by the use of the drug. Only one study was found to be of good quality, but the size of the sample was small and the methods used to assess outcome were not as well as they would have been in the past. Therefore, we are not able to draw any conclusions as to the benefit or harm of the antibiotic in the long term. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the original review published in 2012 for which no evidence was found. For this update we searched for new evidence in February 2015. We found 56 studies (4068 participants) for the review. Twenty-eight (28) were in breast cancer and 28 (1187) in prostate cancer. The findings of the review indicate that exercise can be beneficial for people with cancer-related tiredness both during and after cancer therapy. This is most evident for those with solid tumours (i.e. those with no tumours with a high risk of cancer recurrences). The effect of exercise on tiredness was seen in both breast and prostate cancer but not in those with haematomies (blood cancers). Also, exercise was seen to decrease the risk of death from any cause. However, the effects were not seen for all types of cancer and types of exercise. Further research is required to find out the best type, intensity and time for the best way to exercise.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults (aged 16 to 65 years old, with HL. We found five RCTs (involving 3427 participants) that met our criteria for the review. The RCT was carried out in both the USA and Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but high for other outcomes, as we were not able to mask the patients and researchers to the treatment group (i.e. we did not have enough time to assess if the participants knew which treatment group they were in). The quality of the evidence ranged from very low (OS) to high (PFS). For OS, we found that when we added results from the EORTC 20012 RCT to our meta-analysis we found a higher rate of survival and a longer time to live for the patients in the BEACOPP arm compared to the ABVD arm. This means that after five years, only 90 (70 to 117) of the 20012 patients will be alive in comparison with only 120 (120) in the ABV arm. For PFS, we also found an increased rate of time to death and a shorter time to time to life for the patient. We are very uncertain about the effect on the number of women who will be infertile due to treatment (very low- or low-quality evidence). No evidence was found on male infertility (low- or very low quality). Only one RCT planned to assess quality of life (QoL), but did not assess whether QoL would be assessed. Five trials reported adverse events and the results showed that the increased frequency of haematomies (blood loss) caused more haemoglobin, low white blood cell counts, low platelet count (low white cell counts), low white cell count, thrombocytopenia (blood infection), infections (low quality evidence), and no difference in the rate of MDS or AML between the regimens. There was no evidence for a difference between both regimens for overall secondary malignancies. Only one trial (with a total of 20012 participants) planned to evaluate the quality of health of the patients, but there were no results available. However, the observation time of the review was too short for us to be able to show differences with respect to second solid tumour, which would not be expected to show a difference until around 15 years after treatment. The evidence is up to date to June 2015.
We found 15 studies with 1835 cancer patients. Most of the studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (eight studies), prostate cancer (two studies) and breast cancer inpatients with breast cancer. We did not find any randomised or quasi-randomised trial (a type of study in which participants are assigned to the intervention group by a method that is not random) on the effectiveness of a treatment. We found that the effects of psychosocial or multidisciplinary interventions on the quality of life of patients with cancer were uncertain. We also found that psychosuppressive and/or counselling interventions led to higher rates of re-assessing their care as usual. In one study breast cancer participants were offered a physical training programme. In all studies a less radical or non-radical intervention was assessed to see if it had an effect on the patient's ability to use their hands for daily life. In some of the interventions, such as teaching self-care skills, we found that they increased the rate of self-management skills, but not the rates of the patient’s ability to take charge of their role in their own life. We do not have any data on the effect of the intervention on the cost of care. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias and nine studies to be of high quality.
We searched for evidence in July 2012 and April 2015. We found four trials involving more than 13,000 women. All four trials were from the UK and Ireland and were funded by the UK, with three of the trials funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one by the Scottish government. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrades due to imprecision (i.e. not all outcomes were reported in all trials) and risk of bias (ie, not all trialists were aware of the use of the CTG). We found no new trials in this update. The use of CTG was associated with an increase in the incidence of caesarean birth rate by 20% in women who were admitted to labour when compared with those who were not in labour. However, admission CTG does not seem to increase the risk of death of the baby. There were no differences between groups in other outcomes, such as the occurrence of low blood oxygen levels in the babies' brains (hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy) and the number of seizures in the neonatal period (seizures in the infant). We did not find any information on the long-term effects of use of CCTG in children with severe brain problems (cerebral palsy, autism or cerebral palsy). Overall, we found no benefit for low-risk women on admission to labour.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies that compared the use of culture mediums in IVF and ICSI treatment. We found 17 randomised studies (involving 3666 women) that compared one culture medium with any other. We were not able to pool any of the data due to each study using a method that would not allow us to pool the results. Most of the studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. Sixteen studies (over 15,230 women) looked at the live birth rate. Four of these (fourteen) found no evidence of a difference in live birth or ongoing pregnancy rate for either day three or day five of IVF treatment. The fifth (sixteen) study found that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, one of the mediums used (quasi-cochrane favours quasi-pregnant women) was superior to the other (G5). With regards to side effects, three (three) studies reported multiple pregnancies and six (six) reported miscarriage. None of the study reports on the health of the child. The quality of the evidence for most comparisons was very low. The main risk of bias was imprecision and bias due to poor reporting of the methods used in most studies. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to be able to recommend or refute any culture medium.
This review aimed to find out if there are any good studies on the best way to communicate with women with breast cancer. The search was carried out in 2013. A total of 30 articles were included in the search. Only six of the 30 were of the same content as the review topic and so we were able to include 6 of the articles in the review. However, unfortunately we only found three new articles for the update of the review which means that we did not find any new articles. There were no new articles included in this update. There are no trials of ways of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. This means that there are no new reports in the field. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2012. We found one new study in a search of the literature in December 2015. We included 17 studies with 1006 adults with NCP. All of them compared psychosocial treatment to a control group that did not receive treatment (placebo or no treatment) and all of them used a form of cognitive-behavioural approach. All but one of the studies reported the sources of funding (the USA, UK and Canada). We found that in the first three months after the intervention, participants in the control group had less chest pain. This was maintained from three to nine months later. We also found that there were more chest pain-free days (days in which there was no pain at all) up to three months later, although this was not measured in the same way in all studies. We did not find evidence of an effect on the severity of the chest pain up to one year later. The quality of the evidence for most of the results was low or very low. This is due to issues in the way the studies were carried out. In three of the 17 studies, in which the therapists were aware of whether the participants were in the intervention or control group, we were not able to be sure that they were not aware of which group the patient was in. We conclude that there is a need for more research in this area.
We found 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants. These trials assessed 17 different drugs and their use in conjunction with topical antifungals (i.e. azelastine, emedastine or levocabastine), mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, antazoline and tetryzoline, or levetropium. We found that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilising drugs appear to be safe and well tolerated. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no serious adverse events reported. Most of the trials were of short duration, with a range of one to eight weeks. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies that assessed the effects of a range of strategies to try to reduce the use of tobacco in communities of Aboriginal or Maori youth. We found two studies that met our criteria for the review. Both of them were based in the US and included a total of 1505 participants. The first study assessed the impact of a skills-only programme for the prevention of tobacco use in the skills-based group (skills-only group) at 42 weeks, and the second trial assessed the same strategy at six months follow-up. Both studies were of low or unclear risk of bias, which means that their findings may not be valid. We conclude that there is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials on the use of blood transfusion in women with sickle cell anaemia. We found only one randomised trial of very low quality (involving 72 women) that compared giving blood transfusions to prevent blood loss (prophylaxis) to giving blood to prevent transfusion when the risk of death of the baby was high (perinatal deaths). There were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. There were no deaths in the mother in the trial. There was no difference in the number of deaths of the mother or her baby, or in the rate of heart failure, haemolytic crises (when blood is pumped around the body in one second) or the time it takes for the blood to be transfused. Low- or very low-certainty evidence from the one trial we found showed that blood transfused women had less pain than those who did not have blood. We were not able to find out if there were any differences in the length of time the babies were in the neonatal neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and in the health of the babies. We are unable to make any conclusions on the best method of giving blood. There is no information available to guide us on this topic. We need more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised clinical trials (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found 67 RCTs with a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a risk of making the wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run and reported). We found that there was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in one or more trials, most of which were small and of low quality. Only one of our main outcomes, which was the number of adverse events (complications), was higher with the radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. We also found that the amount of blood transfused (amount of blood in red blood cells) was lower with fibrin sealant than with control; blood transfusion quantity (new frozen blood) was greater with oxidised cellulose (sugar and fat) than with placebo; and blood loss, the length of hospital stay, and the operating time were lower with low central venous pressure than with a control group. None of the trials assessed quality of life of the patient or the time it took to return to work. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. There was a lack of evidence for most outcomes due to the small size of the included trials.
Twenty-three trials with a total of 724 participants were included in this review. There is evidence from some of the trials that the use of topical corticosteroids (such as hydrocolloid occlusion, ciclosporin, tetracycline or Grenz Ray Therapy) may be beneficial in the short term for reducing the amount of blood loss from the eye. However, there is, in the long term, no evidence to suggest that any of these are effective. There would, in theory, be a way to increase the rate of response (i.e. the rate at which blood clotting in the eye clears from the blood) but there was no method used to assess response (response). There is, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and there were no differences in pustule counts. This review has shown that the best treatment for PPP is still not clear.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of five drugs within the loop diuretics class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect of loop diurestics was 7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2). Withdrawals due to side effects and changes in serum blood blood pressure did not show a significant difference. We assessed the risk of harms of the drugs as 'low' due to the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of side effects in many of the studies. We found no evidence for the effects of the five tested drugs. The evidence is up to date as of December 2012 and 2014.
We found 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 adults (involving 1558 adults undergoing laparoscopic cholecystoscopic surgery for laparoscopy. Most of the participants were low anaesthetists who were at low risk of having a gallbladder surgery. There were a wide range of types of local anaesthetic used, with bupivacaine the most common. There was no death in either group in eight of the eight trials (with 1291 participants) that reported deaths (0/236 (0.4%) in the group of participants who received the local anaesthesia and 0/210 (0% in the control group). There were no deaths in the other three studies that did not report deaths. Only one participant (446 participants) who had surgery under way died. Although the other trials did not assess the risk of death, there were no other deaths. Although there was no overall morbidity (the rate of death) in the remaining trials, three trials (190 adults) reported that there were none of the intra-operations. Twenty-five of the 715 adults who were in the intervention group did not have any serious adverse events. None of the trials assessed the participants' quality of life, return to normal activity, or the time to return to work. The length of hospital stay was 0.04 days (95% CI -0.23 to 0.32). Pain at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours was reduced by 0.99 cm (from 0.88 on a scale of 0 to 10 cm. This is a reduction of 0.05 on a 0- to 10-point (VAS) that is used to assess the amount of pain experienced by the patient. The difference was not seen with the use of intraperitoneal instillation. The quality of evidence was very low. There is very low for the reduction in pain in low anaesthetic risk patients who had laparoscope surgery. This means that the true effect of the reduction of pain is uncertain and the size of the effect is likely to be very small. Further high quality research is needed.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the accuracy of antigens in people with P. falciparum. We included all RDTs in our review. We found 74 studies that compared different types of RDT. Types 1 to 3 include HRP-2, which is the most accurate and most accurate. We also found that when we looked at types 4 and 5 of the same test (pLDH) we found that they tended to be more accurate than the pLDH test (95% to 96.2%). However, we did not find that they were as good as other tests that have been used to confirm that a child or adult had malaria. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a group of 1000 patients where 30% of those with malaria are assessed with microscopy, about 16 of them will miss a case, and the other 25 will not. We did not have enough data to be able to assess the quality of the studies that we found.
We searched for all randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised studies that assessed the impact of altering the length of the consultation time for each patient. We found five studies that were eligible for this review. All were from the UK, all of which were conducted in the UK. We are uncertain about the effects of the changes in the duration of the primary care consultation for each participant due to the very low-certainty of the evidence. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are published in the future. We did not find any evidence to support or refute the practice of changing the lengths of the appointment time for the physician. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised trials of high dose and low dose versus low dose of stavudine in patients with HIV/AIDS. We found three trials with a total of 157 participants. All three trials were from the USA, all of whom were treated with antiretroviral drugs. More than 79% of them were male and all but one of them was conducted in developed countries. The studies were at a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way the study was carried out) and bias (ie, it was not possible to pool the results of the studies). There was no difference in virologic suppression in the studies (Milinkovic 2007; McComsey 2008; Sanchez-Conde 2005). Symptom (low white blood cell counts) was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkov 2007 and not in the low dose arms of the two high dose trials. In one of the high-dose and low-dose arms, there was an increase in the body weight (weight (kg/m2). In the low- dose arm, there were a decrease in the amount of fat and fat in the blood (lipids). No one stopped treatment due to side effects. We did not find a clear difference in the safety of high or low dose compared with low dose. The quality of the evidence was imprecise and we were not able to combine the data due to variation in the design and follow-up of the trials.
We found 10 trials (1658 participants) that met our criteria for this review. We found five of the 10 trials to be at low risk of bias (low risk of systematic error (i.e. bias due to the way they were designed and run) and five to be of high risk of error (involving a total of 1658 participants). Six of the trials used recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilator intervention in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure (a level of air in the lungs that is not very high). We found that the number of deaths in the intensive care unit (ICU) and in the hospital was not reduced by the use of the intervention. The risk of death was not decreased by the same amount in both the intervention group and the control group. The rate of death at 28 days and in hospital was the same in both groups (low- and high-quality evidence). The risk for death at 30 days was not increased by the intervention (low quality evidence). We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials used a co-intervention (where one group was recruited and the other group was not), which may have influenced the results of the outcome.
This review of 15 studies, with a total of 687 adults, found that'relatively poor' (i.e. not well designed) and 'poor quality' (involving a large number of participants) studies did not show that CBT or bio-feedback is a good way to help adults with asthma. The use of 'as needed' medicines (e.g. inhaled bronchodilator) was reduced by CBT in two of the studies, (47 adults), although the effect of CBT on 'forced expirative flow (FEV1) and quality of life (QoL) was not clear. Adopting CBT does not seem to reduce the use of inhaled corticosteroids, although the evidence for this is not strong. However, we were not able to draw firm conclusions due to the lack of good quality studies.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of psychopharmacological treatment in panic disorder up to July 2015. We found 35 studies with a total of 6785 participants. We only found low- or very low-certainty evidence that there is no difference in response rate (i.e. the rate at which a drug works in the real world) between the use of antidepressants and benzodiazepines in terms of the frequency of dropouts due to any cause (2 studies, 215 participants). We found some evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs (when looking at the rate of side effects). We did not find any difference in the number of people who dropped out of the study. We do not know if there are any side effects of the drugs. We need more research to find out which is the best way to treat people with panic disorder. The choice of which drug to use can be made on the basis of the results of this review, but we do not think that the choice will be made based on the strength of the evidence provided by this review. We recommend that more research should be done to determine which drug is best to use in the long term.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. The risk of death from any cause was lower with plastic stents but there was a trend for less death at 30 days with the plastic stent. There was no difference in the risk of failure of the stent or in the rate of death within 30 days. The cost of using a stent was similar with both types of stents. When metal stents were compared to polyethylene (polyethylene) stents, only perflouro alkoxy (pregnant) and Teflon stents appeared to be better. The addition of an anti-reflux valve (the use of a valve to open up the airway) appeared to improve the patency of Teflamethasone. In patients with short-term pancreatic cancer, their patency (the amount of blood that can be pumped around the body) may not be greater than for patients with cancer that has spread to the body.
We found five RCTs (involving 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants) that compared ultrasound with palpation (i.e. the sound of the heart rate, rate of heart rate or rate of blood flow), Doppler/pitched sound, or both. Four of the five studies were conducted in the UK, and one in the USA. Risk of bias across studies was wide, with some studies lacking details of the methods used to assign participants to the study groups. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the studies, which added a bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review. We found that when ultrasound was used, the first attempt at first time for the first try at the first test of radial artery cannulation was the best to use. The first time at first attempt may be more pronounced in children younger than 18 years of age, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. We also found that the first time an adult tried, on the first day of the second attempt, an initial attempt with ultrasound appeared to be the best way to achieve first and second time for first attempt. Only two studies reported on the rate of adverse events, and none reported on ischaemic damage (damage to the heart due to the use of ultrasound). No adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. We assessed the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate. This is due to imprecision due to small sample sizes, low risk of bias and low number of events.
We found one small RCT (involving 80 male students from the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS (included three ITS, which were published in the 1970s and 80s and were carried out in Canada. The RCT found that in the short term (up to six months), young men who were given a low-alcohol content drink less than men who received high- and very-high-quality videos with a high content. The results from the three ITS study were inconsistent. In one of the studies that assessed the effect of a ban on the use of all forms of alcohol in the market, the amount of alcohol sold decreased by 11.11 kilolitres (95% CI -27.56, 5.34) per month after the ban was removed. In the other study that looked at the effects of the lifting of a total ban on all form of alcohol use, the volume of all types of alcohol sales decreased by 22.49 kg per year. In summary, there is a lack of good-quality, well-designed and well-conducted study. There is a clear need for more research in this area. None of the included studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industry. No side effects were reported in any of the three studies. There should be more research on this topic in the long term. The quality of the evidence was very low due to a high risk of bias and imprecision in the results.
The review of trials found that there is no difference in short-term weight gain between high and low MCTs. There is no evidence of effect on incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis. No studies were found that looked at long-term growth (i.e. over six months). There is conflicting data (two studies) as to whether high MCT is the best way to increase the amount of breast milk that can be used to feed babies. More research is needed to find out if LCT is as good as MCT.
We found one study (involving 34 women with chorioamnionitis) that compared the use of transabdominal amnioinfusion (10 mg per minute for 60 minutes for 60 hours) with no treatment. We did not find any randomised or quasi-randomised clinical trial (where a group of women is assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) that used this method. The study was considered to be at a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the lack of reporting of the methods used in the study), due to inconsistency in the way the study was carried out and the low numbers of women included in the trial (in the study and not reported). Transcervical is a method of delivering saline (salt solution) to the uterus (the 'dummy' part of the womb) using room temperature saline. This method is known to be safe and to reduce the rate of caesarean birth, but we did not identify any studies using this method in this review. The use of this method did not seem to decrease the risk of postpartum endometritis (a condition in which the uterus does not heal after birth), neonatal infections, or the length of time the mother was in hospital (from 16 hours to 24 hours). There was no difference in the duration of treatment for the mother (from 1.75 hours to 33 hours). The study did not provide any information about how many babies died (such as death of the babies' brain, bleeding in the brain, or in the neonatal death. The quality of the evidence was low. This means that we are uncertain as to whether or not this method is safe. There is a need for more research in this area.
The Mini-Cog is a test that is used worldwide to assess if there is a risk of bias when the test is used in a specific area. The Mini Mini-Theog is one of a set of three tests that are used in the world, which are used to assess the accuracy of a wide range of activities in the home. A search for studies was carried out in 2012. Only three studies were included in the search, with a total of 1620 children and adults. There were a range of results for each of the studies, which meant that we were not able to pool the results. It was not possible to combine the results of the study as the reporting of the results was too poor. Due to the lack of evidence, it is not clear as to how accurate and well-conducted the Mini-Athlete’s test is. Further well-designed research is required to determine the accuracy and use of the mini-COG as a screening test in community settings.
We searched for all randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomized studies of three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg per day), lisdexamfetamine (ranging from 30 mg per month to 70 mg per week), and mixed amphetamine salts (12.5 mg per hour to 80 mg per year). Most of the 2521 participants were middle-aged (35.3 years old), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen of the studies were from the USA, and one each from Canada and the USA. We found low- to very low- or very low quality evidence that there is no evidence to suggest that any of these types of drug is better than the other. However, we found some low-quality evidence that some of them may be better than no treatment. We also found that all three kinds of drug are better than placebo for improving the level of ADHD in the short term. We did not find any evidence to support the use of these drugs in the long term. Side-effect rates were high in all three groups. Sixteen studies were funded by the manufacturer of the drug that was assessed. In one study, one study was publicly funded. We assessed the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes using the GRADE method, which is used to assess the risk of bias in the review. We downgrades the quality because we did not have enough data.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2012. We found 10 studies (with a total of 811 participants) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. The 10 studies were heterogeneous with regard to the type of chronic painful condition, the dose of Vitamin D given, the co-interventions given, and the outcome measures used to assess the effects of the vitamin D for chronic pain. Only two of the 10 studies assessed the effect of vitamin D on the rate of response to pain, with only one of the other three reporting on the same outcome. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes. Adverse events were very rare, with very few reported side effects or withdrawals from the studies. Based on this evidence, we are not able to demonstrate a large benefit from the use of the Vitamin D in the treatment of chronic pain due to the low quality of evidence.
Forty-one randomised, double-blind, multifaceted studies were included in this review. These were often of poor quality in terms of the methods in which they were carried out. In 12 of the 41 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine they were aimed at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies both. In 15 of the 21 randomised or quasi-randomised studies that were added to the professional interventions showed that the interventions improved the process of care. The effect on the health of the patients was less clear as these outcomes were rarely assessed. In all the studies the intervention strategy was often multifaceted. For example, in 12 studies the prevention of bias was often assessed in a range of ways, often in a way that made it hard to assess the risk of bias in the overall quality of the studies. For some of the interventions, such as the use of nurse training, there were some favourable effects on the patient's health. In other cases, nurse training was used to improve the care that the health care providers provided.
We found five trials, with a total of 1503 women. The trials compared the use of the LNG-IUS for birth control in a range of ways, such as a patch, patch on the skin, or a different method of birth control. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. We found no trials that looked at hormonal and intrauterine birth control methods in women aged 25 years and younger. Only one of the five trials (involving 40 women) showed that the birth control method continued to work at least as well as the usual method over three years. The other three studies did not show that one method was as good as the other. The overall quality of the evidence was low. Limitations were due to poor reporting of the methods used in the trials.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found eight new studies in a search of the published literature in February 2015. We included 86 studies in this update. The studies were of allergen-based for house mite allergy; 27 of them were conducted in the UK, 10 in the USA and two each in Australia, France, the UK and the USA. Most of the trials were of low or very low risk of bias (i.e. there was a lack of reporting of some or all of the adverse events that might occur, e.g. anaphylaxis (such as a heart attack). We found that the number of participants in the trials was low and most of the results were imprecise. We would need to treat three out of five patients (95% CI 3 to 5) with immunotherapy to avoid one worsening in their asthma symptoms. There was a reduction in the rate of hyper-reactivity (the rate at which the body's body’s white blood cell counts rise in the bronchiolitis due to the use of inhaled corticosteroids) as well as in the level of bronchial air in the blood. The quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low to high. There is a need for more research in this area.
We did not find any new study in this update. We found six trials with 1297 patients. All six trials compared the use of lung-protective ventilators with no ventilator in patients with acute lung injury. The average age of the patients ranged from 59 to 71 years, and the mean follow-up ranged from one week to three months. We did not identify any funding sources. Mortation at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay were lower for patients who were ventilaged with less than or equal to 31 cm H2O. There was not enough evidence to know if ventilage reduced the risk of death in the long term. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 15 RCTs with 1833 participants. We found that the use of isoflurane is as safe as other sedatives and similar to the inhalation method. The time taken for a person to come out from anaesthesia was longer for the person to be able to use their hands and feet. However, the time for the patient to get out of bed was similar with both techniques. Side effects with both methods are the same. The quality of the evidence was low. The main reasons for this are that most of the studies were of low quality, which means that their results may not be valid.
This review of four trials including 15,936 people with high blood pressure in late-life did not find any evidence that lowering blood pressure to within the normal range of 10.22 kg/m2 (systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels in the systolic blood levels in one of the studies showed a modest benefit from lowering blood levels. Systolic levels in two of the four trials showed a greater reduction in risk of death. The risk of stroke was not assessed in any of the trials. Adverse effect rates in all four trials were very low, with many of the control group (i.e. those who did not receive any intervention) dropping out of the trial due to side-effects. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies.
We found 12 studies (enrolling 3474 patients) that compared PTCRA to angioplasty alone in patients with in-stent re-stenosis. The overall risk of bias was unclear for most of the studies due to a lack of reporting of data. We found that most studies did not have a long-term follow-up (i.e. a year or more after the end of the treatment). In complex lesions, there were no differences in re-stanosis rates at six months (RR 1.05; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.83 to 1.33) and at one year ( RR 1.21; 95%; 95% CI 0.95 to 1). PTCRA/PTCA did not result in an increase in the risk of heart events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency heart surgery or death) during the in-hospital period. In terms of side-effects, when combined with PTCA, angiographic dissections were performed more often in the angioplastileptic group (RR 9.23; 95%, CI 4.61 to 18.47). In patients who failed to have a stent, stents were less common (RR 0.29; 95%), although they were less likely to be used in some cases (e.g. in those who had a large stent). There was no difference in the rate of major side-effect events (HR events such as heart attack or death). We did not find that in patients who were able to have an angiogram, the risk for developing a spasm (eight times the risk perforation) was eight times the same as for those who were not able to undergo angiography (nine times the chance of developing one) and about twice as high for angiograph dissections while angiographs were carried out (RR 2.49; 95%). In patients who are unable to have heart surgery, those with more than one stent may achieve good re-vascularised artery in the short term (up to one year). There was no evidence of the effect in improving patient outcomes in non-complex lesions. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found three randomised studies (RCTs) with a total of 333 children under the age of 18 years. Two of the three RCTs (333 children) were multicentre studies, one of which was in the USA and the other one in Italy. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase as an add-on to inhaled corticosteroids for acute bronchiolitis. The other RCT (involving 393 children) was in Italy and enrolled only children with a confirmed respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The third RCT was in Germany and enrolled children who had bronchiectomies (i.e. a flare-up of disease) from a hospital. The evidence is up to date as of December 2013. We did not find any difference in the length of stay in hospital for the control group. The results of the largest RCT, which was the largest, did not show a reduction in the need for the child to be cared for in the intensive care unit (ICU). Two out of 11 patients in the group treated with rh DNase showed signs of atelectasis (air in the lungs). There was no difference in adverse events. These included short-term shortness of breath, cough, increased cough, hoarseness of voice and bad taste. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for most of the outcomes. We do not recommend the use of rhDNASE in children under 18 years of age.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies that compared the use of the percutaneous method with the cut-down method. We found one study with a total of 181 participants, 116 of whom were randomised to the open method (percutaneous approach) and 65 to the surgical method (cut-down femoral artery method). One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, risk of bias (i.e. methods used to ensure that participants in the study were not aware of which group they were in) and the other study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. The risk of death from any cause was low in both groups. There was no difference in the number of deaths in the short-term between the two groups. Only one study reported the aneurysm exclusion. In this study, there was only one death in the surgical group. No wound infections were found in either group. There were no differences in the rate of bleeding and haematoma (small blood clots in the legs) between the open and the surgical groups. The length of the stay in the intensive care unit (ITU) and hospital was the same for both groups, with no difference found for both. The rate of surgery time was faster in the open-cut method (from 31.46 hours to 15.42 hours) than in the group that was cut-up (from 47.49 hours). Only one of the studies reported long-term complications rates at six months. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to high. We downgraded the quality of evidence from high to low due to the low event numbers and imprecision of the results.
This is an update of the review of spermicides used to find out if they are safe for women with HIV who are about to have a baby. After a wide search, we found only one study in the UK and one in the USA. Both of them compared the sponge to the diaphragm. The sponge did not seem to be as good as the diapragm in improving the chances of becoming pregnant. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although the rate of stopping for pain relief and the time that it took to stop for discomfort differed in the two trials.
Sixteen studies were found for the review, six of which were found that could be included in the meta-analysis. There were a range of results across studies, with only a few with high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way in which the research was carried out). There is a lack of evidence to support the use of any non-drug interventions (drugs or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or amelioration of cognitive deficits in adults with brain metastases. There is some evidence that memantine (an antiepileptic drug) may help to reduce the level of cognitive loss in adults who have had brain tumours that have been treated with a wide range of drugs to try to prevent or treat the impairment. There are no data on the effectiveness of other drugs (such as modafinil, methylphenidate, d-threo-methylphenidate HCL, and donepezil, a drug used to treat epilepsy). There were no adverse events in any of the six studies. Further research is needed to find out if there are ways to prevent and treat brain metastasis.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We found one new study, which we assessed as at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way the study was carried out). We found no new study for the update of the review. In the first study, we found a small study of 13 adults who had an iatrogenic injury to the alveolar sinus. The age range of the participants was from 17 to 55 years. The participants received low-level laser treatment compared to a group of adults who did not receive any treatment. The results of the study showed that following treatment with laser therapy, there was some improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin compared to placebo, although the results were imprecise. The quality of the evidence for this outcome was very low. No study reported on the effects of the treatment on pain, difficulty eating or eating or taste. No studies reported on quality of life or adverse events. The evidence was of very low to very low quality. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found two randomised studies (involving 281 pregnancies and 282 unborn babies) that compared the use of oestrogen and progestogen (progestogen plus progesterone) with no treatment to see if they were able to prevent the birth of the baby. One study (volving 161 women) was based on women who had a history of diabetes and in-vitro fertilisation (IVF). It showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage (the rate of birth) or the rates of preterm birth (birth less than 34 weeks of pregnancy) between the treatment group and the control group. In terms of this review's other main outcomes, there was no difference between the two groups for: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, high risk of maternal cancer in the woman’s uterus in the child, low risk of infant death (perinatal death), or premature birth (preterm birth) in the mother. However, for the outcome of cancer other than that of the reproductive system in the women, there were no differences between groups. In the second study, based on pregnant women who were in the third trimester and who had undergone IVF (injections of in utero), there was a similar rate of miscarriages in the progestin group and no treatment group. The trial did not report on any of our other primary outcomes. There is not yet any evidence to assess the effects of using oestrogens and progergen to prevent miscarriages. We recommend that more research be done in this area.
The aim of this review was to find out if TCAs or SSRIs are the best way to treat depression in patients treated in primary care. We found 14 studies (involving 1364 participants) that compared TCAs with placebo. Most studies were short (six to eight weeks) and most were of short duration (6-8 weeks). We found that for TCAs, the mean age of participants ranged from 63 to 74 years old, and the mean dose of the drug was 7 to 16 mg per day. For SSRinses, the age of the patients ranged from 17 to 24 years old. The mean duration of the studies ranged from 4 to 30 weeks, and most studies were of low or very short (usually 6 to 8 weeks). For both TCAs and SSRIDs, we found that the number of people who would need to be treated with TCAs ranged from 7 to 26%, as did the rate of withdrawal due to side effects. The numbers needed to harm (NNH) for the patient to stop taking one drug or the other was between 4 and 30. Withdrawal rates for both groups ranged from 0.7 to 30.
This is an update of the original review published in 2012. We found no new study in a search of the literature in February 2015. Ibuprofen 400 mg provided pain relief for about 1 in 4 (26%) more pain-free, 2 in 5 (25%) more headache-free and 24-hour headache relief (45% compared with 19%) in people with migraine headache of at least 10% with moderate/severe pain. The higher dose was better than the lower dose for pain relief at 2 hours, although the higher dose provided more rapid relief at that time point. No new studies were found for this update. Adverse events were most mild and short-lived, most of which were short-term and caused only a few cases of nausea, dizziness and tingling at the same rate as with the control group. No side effects were reported in the studies. This review did not find that rofecoxib 25 mg was the best choice for pain reduction at 2-hour, as it was the most widely used at the time of the study, but not at 24 hours. Soluble (sugar) formulations of the drug were better than standard tablets for pain control at 1 hour, although not 2 hours after the medicine was used. No adverse events were found.
We searched for randomised trials (studies in which a group of people is assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) of the use of OTC artificial tears for treating dry eye in adults. We found 43 trials (involving 3497 participants with dry eye. The evidence is up-to-date as of December 2015. The review found that, in general, we were not able to combine the results of the 43 trials as there were too few trials and too few events in the review to be able to draw a conclusion about whether or not one OTC ointment was better than any other. However, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears appear to be the best choice for reducing the severity of dry eye symptoms when compared with 1.4% polyvinyl acetate-based (PA) tears. All other included trials either found no difference in results or found no differences. We also found that OTC (polyvinyl alcohol-based) artificial tears appeared to be as good as other types of ointments. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low due to high risk of bias and inconsistencies in the methods used in the trials. Furthermore, we identified 18 trials that were reported on, but did not report on, the outcomes of the trial. These trials, for the most part, did not use a method that allowed us to assess the risk of publication bias. Therefore, we assessed the overall quality of evidence for our review as low.
The aim of this review was to assess the second-line treatment of patients with HIV who fail first-line antiretroviral therapy with the World Health Organization (WHO)-recommended regimen. We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared lamivudine in combination with other drugs to see if there was any difference in the effect on the amount of virus in the blood after six months. There was no evidence. We did not find any other randomised or quasi-randomised trials. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 133 randomised, double-blind, and quasi-blind studies, with 844,206 participants, that assessed the accuracy of all of these tests. All of the tests were assessed in adults. We found that all of the tested tests had relatively low sensitivity (i.e. only about 10% of the true answer is correct). For the most accurate test, the Mallampati test, which is most accurate, we found that it was the most reliable. For difficult tracheal intubation, the quality of the evidence was low, as we did not find any trials with a low risk of bias. For the other tested tests, the upper lip bite test provided the highest quality of evidence. For most of the assessed tests, there were too few reports to be able to give us a precise assessment of their accuracy. The results of the review should be viewed with caution, as they do not seem to be good screening tests. Given the lack of data, we are not able to make any conclusions at this time. We need to find out if there are other tests that can be used to determine if there is a risk of false alarms.
Sixty-three trials with a total of 8014 participants were included in this review. Fifty-six of the studies (56 of which were conducted in the UK, the other 21 in the USA, and the USA) involved both infants and children. The studies were done in a wide range of settings and in a range of probiotics tested, dosage sizes, as well as in the duration of the diarrhoea. Probiotics appear to be safe and have clear effects in shortening the length of time taken for the patient to get home from the hospital and the amount of stool consumed. However, the size of the effect in favour of probiotic regimens ranged from a mean of 24.76 hours to 33.6 hours, and from a median of 0.7 hours to 2.0 days. No adverse events were found.
We found only one study (with a total of 52 participants) that looked at the short-term (up to six months) and long term (between six to 12 months) effects of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care compared with standard care. We found that in the short term, participants who received nidotherapeutic-based care were more likely to be aware of their care (in both the short and the medium term) and were more willing to engage in non-inpatient services. We did not find any evidence for the same effect in the longer term, when we looked at both short- and long-term outcomes. We do not know if the same results would be found for the adverse effects/events of death (measured by 12-month follow-up), service use, or cost. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as we do not have any data on the effects of this new approach to care. More research is needed.
We searched for all randomised trials of pregabalin in adults with pain of at least 50 points on a 0 to 100 point scale. We included eight studies. Five (3283 adults) had a 'classical' design (in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to preigabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Studies had low risk of bias (i.e. there was a low risk that the last observation carried back (LOCF) method used to assess treatment effect could overestimate treatment effect. Pregabalin 300 to 600 mg was the most commonly used dose in adults, with about 9% more pain reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment compared with placebo (high quality evidence). Moderate- or very-low-titrated pain was experienced by about 28% of participants with placebo, but about 11% more with preopabalin. Withdrawals due to side-effect rates were about 10 more than with placebo with the 600 mg dose, but were about 6% less than with the control dose (high evidence). Side-side-side effects were more frequent than with control (high or very low quality evidence), in particular dizziness, somnolence (sleepiness), weight gain, and oedema (watery eyes, feeling sick). No side-side effect rates were reported in studies of other active comparators (e.g. placebo). Serious side-effects were uncommon (very low quality) and did not seem to be any worse than for those who did not have any side effects. In one study (177 adults) that used a once-a-day dose (nighttime), with a twice-daily dose (day), there was no difference in effect. In two studies (1492 adults), which used a 'double-blind (where the participants and those treating them knew which dose the patient had been assigned to) design, there was an EERW (where both the patient and the doctor knew the dose given), in which those with good pain relief after titration were assigned to continue using the usual dose (300 to 600mg per day) for 13 or 26 weeks, or to a short down-to-date low dose (with a range of 13 to 26 weeks). We found that the NNT was 5, which was about the same as for the outcome of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged from 7 to 14, and for most of the other outcomes, ranging from 7 and 14. The quality of the evidence was high for most outcomes, and very high for pain intensity reduction. The NNT for adverse events was about 10% higher with pregABalin than for placebo, and about 11%. For moderate- and very-high-rated pain reduction, we found moderate- or high-quality evidence. We found high- and high-certainty evidence for moderate-rated quality for pain reduction and very low-grade evidence for side effects, and low- or low-quality for side-events.
We found one study (involving 135 preterm women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that was at a low risk of bias (i.e. there was no bias in the conduct of the study). The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified main outcomes. There was no difference in Apgar score less than 7 at five minutes (risk ratio (RR) 0.51; 95% CI 0.05 to 5.46; 135 infants), nor gestational age at birth (MD -0.20 weeks; 95%; 95%CI 0.62 to 0.22; 135 newborns). There were more side effects (feeling warm and flush) in the magnesium sulphate group than in the placebo group. However, no severe side effect was found to be severe enough to stop treatment. There were no differences seen between groups in rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean birth. The quality of the trial was high.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We found four studies that met the criteria for the review. Two of the studies used a treatment consisting of a pharmacotherapy (drugs used to help the body to quit smoking) plus a cognitive/behavioural approach (where a group of adults is taught to learn how to use their hands to help each other to quit), whilst the other two used cognitive and behavioural therapy through counselling (one via text message and the other delivered by a doctor who was trained in the techniques used to support smokers. We were able to combine the results from all four studies and found that the interventions helped all four groups of people to quit at the same time. However, only one of the interventions (the counselling) helped all groups to quit, and this was delivered by text message. This means that we were not able to be able to analyse the results of the study in a way that would allow us to draw a conclusion about the effectiveness of the treatments. There is a great need for more research in this area.
We found 13 studies (involving 5686 patients) that assessed the use of PAC in critically ill adults in the ICU. We found that when a PAC was used we did not see an effect on the number of deaths (28-day, 30-day or ICU death), or the length of time patients were in the intensive care unit (ICU). We also found that PAC did not change the overall length of stay in ICU or hospital, or the cost of care. We did not find any evidence that PAC changed the risk of death or the need for ventilator support. Four of the 13 studies were conducted in the US and two in the UK. The use of a PAC does not seem to change the rate of death, ICU length of hospital stay or cost for adult patients in intensive care. Newer, less-invasive haemodynamic monitoring tools need to be assessed against PAC prior to clinical use in critical ill patients. We judged the quality of evidence for death and LOS to be high for mortality and LOM but low for cost analysis.
This review of six studies (involving 478 infants) found that venepuncture is a safe and safe method of blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet taste solution (salt solution made out of perforation of the skin) reduces the pain when used. The need for more than one skin puncture is lower when venepunctured by a skilled phlebotomist. Further research is needed to find out if veneputum is best used in conjunction with other methods.
This review aimed to assess whether there is evidence to support or refute the use of second sutured wounds for women with perineal wounds after childbirth. Only one study, which was of poor quality, reported data on the rate of wound healing at less than four weeks. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resutured group, although this difference was not statistically significant. Similarly, there was only one study reporting on the rates of dyspareunia (a very rare event) at two months and six months, which also did not show a difference between the two groups. This study did, however, show that more women in the secondary suturing group had resumed sex by two months later than in the first group (by six months), although by six months. There were no results on pain at any time interval; the woman's quality of life; the amount of time it took for the wounds to heal; the number of times the wounds had to be re-cleared; exclusive breastfeeding; women's anxiety or depression; and the cost of the treatment. There is a need for a large, well-conducted trial to assess the effects of both treatments.
We found 18 studies with 2521 people with flu. Most of the studies (17 out of 18) were of poor quality. Only three studies (involving 79%) found that compared with antiviral drugs, medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing flu and improving flu symptoms. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing flu symptoms and speed up recovery in one study (in which no adverse reactions were reported). There were no differences between 'E ShuY' capsules and ribavirin in treating flu, nor in the rate of adverse reactions. Ten of the 18 studies reported mild side effects. Most Chinese herbal herbs in the studies showed the same effects to influenza drugs in preventing or treating flu. Few were shown to be better than the drugs used to treat flu. No apparent side effect events were found in the trials. More high-quality research is needed.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials that compared any of these therapies to a control (placebo) in patients with HD catheters. We found eight studies (RCTs) with a total of 518 participants. Most studies included in this review were judged to have a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were carried out). We found that thrombolytic therapies such as fibrin sheath blockage, disruption of the catheter wall, or over-the-wedging (whereby the use of a drug to keep the catheter in place) seem to be effective in the short term (14 to 42 days) and in the long term (more than 42 days). There is not enough evidence to suggest which is the best way to manage the long-term problems of this type of catheter. Most of the studies were of low or very low quality in terms of how they were designed, how the results were analysed and how the outcomes were assessed and reported. We were not able to draw any conclusions regarding the best management of HD cathetters. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 17 trials (2674 patients randomised) that looked at the effect of adding a drug to the regimen for metastatic breast cancer. The risk of death from any cause was not increased with the use of one or more drugs. However, the risk of tumour response (i.e. shrinkage of the tumour) was higher with the addition of a drug. There were more side effects in the group treated with the drug, such as skin rash, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia (leukopenia) than with the group who did not receive the drug. We did not find any difference in the time taken for the cancer to progress.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of a nursing home for patients who are in the intensive care unit (NLU) for most of the time, but also for those who are cared for in the ICU. Ten random or quasi-randomised trials were found that compared a NLU with ICU care. There were no differences in the rates of death or in the length of stay in the NLU between the two groups. The NLU was better prepared than ICU for those patients who were discharged from ICU but this may be due to an increased risk of death. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised, double-blind, and quasi-blind studies that assessed the short- and long-term effect of therapeutic ultrasound in adults with CTS. We found 11 randomised or quasi-randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 participants. Most of the RCTs had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way in which participants and study staff were aware of which group the participants were assigned to, for example, the use of ultrasound in the first six to 12 weeks of the trial. We did not find any studies that looked at the effectiveness of one type of therapy over any other. One low quality study with 68 participants found that when compared with placebo, therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of experiencing short-term quality of life in the short term (up to the end of seven weeks), although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the difference in pain in the wrist in those with bilateral CTS in the study that used this measure suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low quality trial with 60 adults found that at three months post-treatment, when used as part of a multi-component therapy, the addition of ultrasound to the usual low-level laser therapy plus the standard low-dose laser treatment did not lead to any improvement in pain, although the quality of the study was low. No studies reported any side effects of the ultrasound, but this outcome was assessed in three studies. More research is needed to find out if therapeutic ultrasound is more or less safe than other non-surgical treatment for CTS, and if it is better or worse than no treatment. We do not have any information on the safety of the treatment. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015.
This is an update of the review that found that there is a trend to decrease the risk of stroke recurrence in those with a recent stroke or TIA but there is still a risk of death or death from any cause. There is a lack of evidence to support the routine use of statins in patients with a history of ischaemic stroke and TIA.
This is an overview of studies that have looked at the effectiveness of campaigns that have tried to change the use of smoking in adults. The aim of the review was to assess the effects of such campaigns on people's use of tobacco in order to help them to quit. We found eleven campaigns that had been carried out in a wide range of countries, in both in- and outpatients. Studies varied considerably in the types of campaigns, the length of the campaigns and the ways in which they were run and run. This made it hard to be sure that the results were valid and we were not able to analyse them in a way that would allow us to compare them with each other. However, we were able to combine the results from three large-scale campaigns of three of the three large campaigns and found that they reduced the number of people who smoked in the USA by some 50% up to eight years after the end of the campaign. Of the eight studies that did not show that the campaigns helped more adults than those who did not to quit, four showed some improvement in the rates of quit rates, although in one of them the effect was assessed for the rate of quitting and cutting down. One of the studies showed that the programmes led to more quit rates in people who were followed up for up to 12 months. Sixteen studies, most of which were done in the US, showed that they were successful in changing the amount of tobacco smoked by adults. One study showed that those who were part of a large, well-planned, multi-centre (wide) campaign showed that their use of a stop-smoking tool led to a reduction in the amount smoked by at least one per day. Six of nine studies, done in a range of areas in which the campaigns were carried out, showed some positive effects on the smoking habits of those who smoked. There is a need for more research in this area to find out how well these campaigns work.
We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. We found that when yoga was compared with no therapy, yoga was found to be able to improve the quality of life of people, and reduce tiredness and tiredness in the short term, as well as anxiety and fatigue in the long term, when compared with psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga was not shown to be as good as other exercise programmes. We did not find any evidence to suggest that yoga should be used as an add-on to other exercises. None of the studies looked at the effects of yoga on the risk of death, illness, or adverse events. The overall risk of bias of the trials was low. Most studies were well-conducted, with low risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a lack of bias due to the lack of blinding of the person assessing the effect of yoga). The risk of publication bias was low, as most studies did not use a high-risk of bias for the conduct of the yoga study. The certainty of the results for the outcomes ranged from moderate to very low. This means that the true results are likely to be close to what we found, although we do not yet know if yoga would be effective for the treatment of tiredness or tiredness.
We found one study (125 adults who had glioblastoma with a grade of 4 glioma) who underwent surgery to remove the tumour. Most of them had surgery to the brain. Imaging of the brain after surgery was done in the first 48 hours after surgery to see if there were any signs of tumour recurrence. Imaging after surgery did not seem to help them to live longer. However, it is not clear if it does not help them. We did not find any information on other imaging schedules. We found no information on the cost of imaging. We do not know from our search if there are any differences in how well the imaging schedule works. Our search is up-to-date as of April 2015.
This review aimed to find out if metiapine is better or worse than chlorpromazine. We found three randomised trials with a total of 161 people with schizophrenia. The search is up to date as of 15 April 2015. We did not find any evidence to assess the effects of chlorpromazine for any of our main outcomes. There were also no results for the other key outcome of improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Available evidence for most of the main outcomes was of very low or very low quality. There is a need for more research in this area.
Twenty-three studies were found for the review. The use of nitroimidazole, budesonide, tenovil and interleukukin-10 in combination with azathioprine/6-MP, mesalamine and immunosuppressive drugs all seem to be better than placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, the use of these drugs is associated with a greater risk of serious side effects. There is not enough evidence to be able to determine the best way to reduce the risk of recurrences.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any psychosocial intervention to any control group (placebo or usual care) that aimed to reduce the use of illicit drugs in adults. We found seven RCTs, with a total of 805 participants. The psychospecially the interventions that we looked at were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one, one study), brief intervention (three, three studies), motivational interviewing (two, two studies), and brief self-help (two studies) for people who used illicit drugs. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of the interventions on the amount of alcohol in the blood of the participants. We do not know if any of the strategies are better than any other. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as we do not have any data on the effects of the short-term interventions for reducing the number of people who use drug use. We recommend that more research is carried out to find out if the longer-term effects of these strategies are the same. We judged the quality of the evidence for the main outcomes to be low to very low. This means that we are uncertain about the results and that it is difficult to be sure that the true results are close to what we found.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of the studies were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dose was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg per day). The risk of bias in the trials was very high, with a range of 0% to 30% for most trials. We found no new trials when we searched in 2014. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but in only a few trials did not describe how the people were put in the treatment groups in a way that allowed us to assess whether the participants knew which treatment group they were in (i.e. the control group). We reran the search in December 2014 and found one new trial. The search for new trials, both drug- and non-drug-based, should be carried out. We did not find any new trial when we looked for new studies in November 2014. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to high across all outcomes, with low for cramp and cramp days. There is low quality of evidence that with use up to 60 days, the risk of serious adverse events is not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials, but because adverse events can be rarely fatal, in some countries the use of quinines for treating cramps is very limited. Low or theophylline-vitamin E/quinine-clothed powder is a relatively safe and easy way to treat cramp. We do not have enough evidence to judge the best dose, length of quine treatment, or length of treatment.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of magnesium in adults (over 18 years of age) with cramps caused by tiredness due to tiredness from tiredness caused by lack of exercise. We found seven trials (five parallel, two cross-over) enrolling a total of 406 adults with tired legs cramps. Three of the trials were of women with pregnant-associated leg cramps (in one) and four of those of idiopathic cramp sufferers (in four) (involving 322 with cramp. Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one. For women with the most severe cramps, we could not be able to determine whether or not magnesium reduced the number of cramps per week or the length of time it took for the cramp to get worse. For those pregnant with a cramp caused by rest rest rest, we were not able to draw any conclusions due to lack of reporting. For idiopatheic cramps the differences in the frequency of cramp per week and the time taken for cramps to recur were too small for us to be confident about them. For children with no cramps at all, we found no trials. For the rest of the results we were unable to draw conclusions as there were too few participants in the control group. The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was low or very low. This was mainly due to the lack of precision in the results for cramp frequency and the variation in the reporting.
We found one study (14 people with SMA type 3) that compared a six-month home-based strength and recumbent cycle ergometre (i.e. strength training) training program with usual care. The age range of participants ranged from 10 to 48 years, and most (93%) were female. The strength of the strength training was assessed on a range of tests, such as the six-minute walk test (which is used to assess the amount of weight that a person can walk in six to 12 weeks), the strength of muscle strength (measured on a scale of 0 to 80 kg per kg/min), and the body weight in kg/m2. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in the training group (9.4 mm/kg/min) was not different from the change in the usual care group (-0.14 mm) (mean difference (MD) 9.54 mm, 95% confidence interval (CI) -83.04 to 102.12; N = 12). Cardiopulmonary strength (VO2max), which is a measure of heart rate, was the same in both groups (MD 1.22 mL/kg permin and MD 2.04 mL/ kg permin). The changes in VO2max between the intervention and usual care groups did not make a difference to the number of people who walked 25 to 100 yards more than the control group (MD 2.00, 95%; CI -2.06 to 6.06). The change in muscle strength was measured on a test of strength (manual muscle test, which is used by the patient to assess their strength and strength of life (MD 6.8 mm/g/m1). The HFMSE score in the exercise group increased by 2 points from the start of the study (MD 5.14 cm/cm2) compared to 0.04 cm/g in the group of usual care (MD 11.94, 95%, CI -3.44 to 27.32). No serious adverse events or adverse events were reported in the study, but we were not able to draw any conclusions due to the very low risk of bias in the trial. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low. This means that we are uncertain as to whether or not strength and exercise training in SMA types 3 is beneficial or harmful. We need well-designed and large-scale, well-conducted studies to help us understand the effect of strength and fitness training on SMA-type 3 in adults.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We found one study (81 participants) that found that surgery in the short-term for pain, weakness or pain relief was better than either physiotherapy or hard collar (neck of the neck) in patients with cervical radiculopathy, but there was no difference in pain in the long term. One study (68 participants) found no difference between surgery and conservative treatment in three years of follow-up. There is low quality evidence that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapist-assessed treatment (e.g. hard collar immobilization), but there is little or no evidence on whether surgery is effective in improving pain, strength or pain in people with cervical spondylosis or myelopathia. In the short term, surgery is safe and may reduce the risk of some side-effects. However, there is a lack of long-term evidence on the use of surgery for the treatment of patients with myelopathy. Further research is very likely to have an impact on our estimate of the effect and our confidence in it.
This is a review of studies that have looked at the effects of the use of the telephone for the care of patients. Only a few studies have been done and they have shown mixed results. Six of the studies were done in the UK and one in the USA. In all six of them at least 50% of calls were dealt with the phone by telephone advice. In one of the other three, which was done by a nurse, there was no difference between the groups. In the nurse group, where the nurse provided some of the calls, there were no more than one visit made to the GP's. There were no deaths in either group.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of MI in reducing the use of alcohol in adults. We found 84 RCTs (22,872 participants) that met our criteria for the review. The results of the review indicate that, although we found some evidence that MI is able to reduce the amount and frequency of use of the alcohol in the short term, the size of the effect was too small, at four or more months follow-up, to be of relevance to policy or practice. None of the studies reported harms of MI.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies that assessed the effectiveness of an adult or child's inhaler technique up to April 2015. We found 29 studies with a total of 2210 children and adults. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of bias (i.e. at low risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out) and at high risk of imprecision (there was a risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions due to the lack of reporting of some of the outcomes (e.g. flare-ups (flare-ups) of asthma). Most of the evidence was of low or very low quality. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of our results, and that it is difficult to be sure that future research will not change them. For both adults and children, how and when inhaler techniques were assessed appeared to affect whether inhaler method was improved and by how much. For adults, we found that the use of enhanced face-to-face training and multi-media-delivered training appeared to help them to use their inhaler more often and to be more effective than use of checklists (although we were not able to assess quality of life). We found no evidence about harms. In this review, we have found that there are many ways to try to change the way doctors check for symptoms of asthma. We have not found any studies that have looked at ways to improve the way in which health care providers check for patients who may be at least once a day to see if they are not using their own inhaler. We classified studies into three main groups: (1) the 'expectant' group (studies where people are asked to check for their patients' symptoms; (2) the control group (where people are told to 'watch for symptoms) (whereby using a self-assessed risk of a flare-up); and (3) the group of people who were taught to use the 'preferably used' method (where by which method was best). We grouped the three groups into three groups using the GRADE method (GRADE). For the first group, we reran the search in February 2017. We will deal with studies when we next search for studies.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of mannitol in acute stroke. Three small trials, with a total of 226 participants, were included in the review. One of the three trials (involving 66 patients) included patients with ischaemic stroke, and the other two of the other trial (included in the meta-analyses) involved patients with ICH (i.e. bleeding in the brain). The risk of death was not assessed in any of the trials. The change in clinical condition was assessed in one of the studies, and there was no difference in the change in quality of life. Based on these three randomised trials, we were not able to prove or refute the beneficial or harmful side-effect rates in patients treated with mannitor in the acute stroke field. There is a need for more research in this area.
The objective of this review was to assess the effects of D-penicillamine for rheumatoid arthritis and to assess its effect on the disease activity of these patients. Six studies were found, with 425 of the 425 patients in the treatment group and 258 of the 258 in the control group. The results of the review indicate that, in all three three-dose ranges, the drug appears to be efficacious in terms of pain, tender joint counts, pain assessed by the physician and global assessment (estimates by the clinician). It also seems to be similar to that of other drugs that are used to treat arthritis, although with significantly more side effects. Its effects on long-term function (i.e. radiological (x-ray) changes in the amount of radium in the blood of the patients are not clear.
We found four randomised studies of low quality. All of them used a decoction (decoction containing Huangqi compounds) as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three of three studies were compared to a control group. The fourth study, which was the first to be included in the review, looked at the use of Chinese herbs in addition to chemotherapy. All four of the included studies were of low or very low methodological quality. None of the studies reported on the primary outcome of nausea & vomiting. There was a reduction in the rate of nausea when decoctions of Huangqi were used in combination with the chemotherapy. Also, there was a decrease in the occurrence of leucopenia (low white blood cell counts (leucocytes) and an increase in the number of T-lymphocyte subgroups (CD3; CD4 and CD8). There was no difference in the level of Immunoglobulins G, A or M. We found no evidence of harm due to using Chinese herbs. There is a need for more high quality research in this area.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared vitamin A and/or DHA for people with RP. We included three RCTs with a total of 866 adults (aged four to 55 years) who had RP of all forms of the same type. One of the trials looked at the use of vitamin A alone, and one of the other two looked at vitamin A/DHA in combination with DHA. All three of the studies were of low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to lack of reporting of the methods used to assign participants to the treatment groups). None of the three trials reported the mean change of the change in the size of the eye's eye after one year. No side effects or adverse events were reported in these three trials. No trial reported on the rate of loss of the eyes due to loss of vision. Based on the results of three trials, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamins A and DHA in terms of changes in the amount of light in the eye and in the ERG (emoglobin in the blood) at one year, and the changes in eye acuity at five years follow-up. The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was very low due to the lack of information provided by the trials. In future trials, since some of the findings in some studies in this review included unplanned subgroup (unplanned) sub-group (subgroup) meta-analysis (where results were pooled (pooled) of the study data (where data were pooled) that suggested differences between the treatment arms based on whether or not the study had been carried out correctly. This means that it is not clear whether vitamin A or DHA should be used as the main treatment for RP.
We found three RCTs with 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with rheumatology (i.e. inflammatory arthritis). The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by assessing work changes or changes to work tasks (e.g. assessment of work tasks by the work environment) and second by providing any advice or advice to the workers. The duration or dose of the interventions ranged from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, to six to eight individual or group sessions (six months) over six months. The Rheumatoid Arthritis-Work Instability Scale (RA-WIS) was used in one of the trials, which is a tool used by researchers to assess the effect of interventions on the management of work. We assessed the risk of bias in all three trials and judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for all the outcomes. The largest RCT (n = 242 participants) found a large reduction in job loss with the use of an intervention, while the other RCT in the other trial (involving 140 people) found similar effects in both groups. The quality of evidence from the other two trials was very low. The one RCT investigating job loss found that the intervention resulted in a large decrease in the rate of loss to work. The second RCT, which was of the same size and had a high risk of systematic error, found no effect. The third trial, which had a large size and was of high bias, found that an intervention led to a large improvement in work function. We found no adverse effects in the published reports of the three trials. The evidence is up to date to June 2015. We conclude that the results of this Cochrane review show that strategies aimed at preventing job loss in the workplace are likely to be effective.
We found three studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 of whom 140 received arginine) from three countries. We assessed the quality of the studies as good. We found that, on the basis of three randomised trials that included 285 infants, we found that the use of ARginine to prevent NEC in preterm neonates is based on data from moderate- to low- and low-risk groups. The most recent search for studies was carried out in January 2017. The results of this review indicate that, if given to infants born before term, the risk of NEC is reduced by 6 (95% CI 4 to 10) for each child who gets the drug. This means that for every child treated, one child will develop NEC. We did not find any difference in the number of deaths between the treatment group and the control group. No side-effects of the drug were found, and no severe side effects were found. No data were found on the incidence of NEC in the longer term (i.e. at two and three months), when given to preterm newborns. We conclude that, based on the available data, giving arginide to pre term infants may prevent NEC. However, we need more data to be able to be certain about this.
We found four trials with a total of 1943 adults with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind (i.e. we did not know which treatment group the patient was in) and looked at INCS for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials (involving 73% versus 66.4%) we found that those receiving INCS were more than twice as likely to be able to improve their symptoms (73% with INCS, 73% with placebo and 66% with higher dose of INCS) than those who were not given INCS. In the INCS group, mometasone furoate 400 µg was given at a dose of 200 µg more than with placebo (200 µg with RR 1.04; 95% with RR 0.98 to 1.11). No adverse events were reported and there was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for those who received higher doses of inocaproic acid. We conclude that we are uncertain as to whether INCS should be used as a single treatment or as an add-on to antibiotics for adults with moderate to severe sinus infection.
The use of vancomycin in low dose, preterm babies born before term, at low birth weight, when used as a preventive drug, reduces the rate of nosocomial sepsis in the neonatal and coagulase negative staphylococci in the blood. However, there is a concern about the risk of developing resistant organisms with the use of this drug. There are too few trials to be able to assess the risks and benefits of the drug in preterm infants weighing less than 1500 g at birth.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review on the use of gauze for the healing of wounds after an amputation. In this update, we found 14 studies on dressings or topical agents for healing wounds. We found only a single study on aloe vera and a total of 13 studies on gauze, foam and alginate. There is not enough evidence to be able to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the rate of healing of the wounds after surgery. There are also no studies on other types of dressings. In the short term, foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze.
In 2014, we added a new trial for a new total of 11 trials with 1482 women. Four of the trials looked at the use of birth control pills, and three looked at a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. Most of the studies were old (all from 2005 to 2014) and did not use a method that was used in the last 10 years. Most studies did not show a difference in the length of time it took to breastfeed, or the amount of breast milk breastfed each day. For breast milk volume, two of eight trials (with low risk of bias) showed no effect on lactation. One of the COCs studies (pills) showed a lower rate of lactation at 75 days than the IUD group at one year. The other COC study showed a higher rate of breastmilation at 16 weeks for the pill group. Of four trials that assessed the effect on infant growth, three showed no difference between groups. One trial showed greater weight gain with etonicestrel implants than with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks but less with DMPA at 24 weeks. In the other four trials, there did not seem to be any difference between the study groups in milk volume or body weight with two types of pills or an LNG- IUS. The quality of evidence was low for most methods. For most methods, we did not have enough data to be sure that they worked well.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies that assessed the impact of red-light cameras on death from any cause in adults. We found 10 studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover (i.e. the amount of time it took the cameras to adjust for the change in the range of the risk of death by any cause. For total deaths, we found that RTM was reduced by an average of 0.71 (95% CI to 0.55, 0.93). For the same reason, we pooled the pooled results from five of the studies with no changes in the rate of death due to any cause (0.74; 95% CI 0.53 to 1.03). For both total and right-angle (right-angle) deaths, the rates of RTM and loss of life were lower in the Red-light group. For the left-angle crash, the rate was 0.76 (95%). For the rest of the results, we were not able to draw any conclusions because most of them did not adjust for either RTM or the loss of lives due to the play of chance. For other types of deaths, such as those caused by loss of weight, we did not have enough information to draw conclusions. For most cases, the reduction in deaths was achieved with the use of the cameras. However, the quality of the evidence was low or very low.
We found four studies with 494 participants. Three of the studies, which included 383 participants, compared warfarin to a placebo (i.e. a fake drug) by day five. One study, which involved outpatients with venous thromboembolism aged 18 years and older, showed that the use of a 10-mg to 15 mg per day for the first five days of anticoagulant regimen led to an increase in INR by day 5. In one of the other three studies, in which inpatients received a 5-mg per day dose, an increased INR was achieved on the fifth day of treatment. In the other study, in participants who were in the first week of therapy, an increase was not seen in the rate of bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of stay in hospital. In all four of the trials, in terms of quality of life and recurrence of blood clots at 90 days, warfarins appeared to be as good as placebo. However, due to differences in the types of people in the study and the length of follow-up, we are uncertain as to which is the best way to determine the best starting dose. In terms of side-effects, we were not able to combine the data due to variation in the level of risk of bias in the analyses. We assessed the quality of the evidence for the primary and secondary outcomes using the GRADE method, which is a method that aims to assess the overall quality of evidence for each of the outcomes. We found that most of the included studies were of low or very low quality.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2017. We found seven RCTs with a total of 511 participants. All of the trials were performed in a range of countries (six from the USA, two from Australia, one from New Zealand and one from South Africa). All of them included participants over the age of 65 years. None of the studies were designed to evaluate the best way to care for people with a hip fracture. Two of the included trials looked at the use of an enhanced care model that provided care in the inpatient setting and at home after the patient had been discharged from hospital. One of the other trial looked at how best to best to treat patients who have had a hip injury. The evidence available for most of the outcomes was of low or very low quality. This means that we were not able to be sure that any of the results were valid. There was low-certainty that enhanced care and treatment in-hospital may reduce the rate of delirium (i.e. a state of tiredness and tiredness after surgery) and the length of time spent in hospital for those treated for hip fractures. However, the certainty of these results is low. There were no data from any study for our main measure of quality of life (a long-term measure of a patient's ability to live the way they wish). There was very low certainty for our other main outcome, activities of daily living (e.g. how well they could manage their daily life), and we were unable to draw any conclusions for this. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We searched for all published research on this topic in a wide-ranging way. After a wide search, we found seven randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with a total of 840 participants that met our criteria for the review. We did not find any evidence for a reduction in the length of stay in hospital for children with both acute and long-term illnesses who were cared for at home. Home care was assessed in a range of ways including by assessing children's health, parental anxiety, parental stress, parental coping and the child's ability to cope with their child's care and by assessing the cost of care. We found that home care was more expensive for healthcare providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two of the studies, while one study found no cost benefits for the child. We conclude that there is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of ICM in adults with schizophrenia. The search is up-to-date as of 26 February 2016. We found 40 trials with 7524 participants. The evidence is up to date as of 30 April 2016. The most recent search was carried out in December 2016. Most of the evidence was of low or very low quality. The main reasons for this were that most of the studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance that the results would be different from the truth). We found that when ICM was compared with standard care, we found that ICM probably makes little or no difference in the average number of days spent in hospital per month (n = 2220, 21 RCTs, moderate-quality evidence) or in the number of admissions to the intensive care unit (678, 678) when compared to non-ICM. ICM may make no clear impact on the risk of death by suicide (1456, 1456 participants) or on the rate of leaving the trial (1798, 1798 participants). For adverse events, we are uncertain about the effect of ICm due to very low- or low-certainty about the effects. We are very uncertain about whether ICM is better than standard care in terms of the rates of relapse (the rate at which a person relapses) or improvement in mental health (e.g. mental state). We are not sure if ICM reduces rates of unemployment (1 RCT, 73 people per 100 who were not able to work) or admissions to hospital (634 people per 1000 who were in the ICM group compared to 678 people in the control group). The quality of evidence for all outcomes ranged from very low to low.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials of box model training in adults (aged 18 years and above) who had no previous laparoscopy. We found 16 trials (464 participants) that provided data for the review. All the 16 trials in this review used video training. There were no studies of box models or cadaveric (i.e. the 'gold standard' of box training) models. Most of the trials (16) were at high risk of systematic errors (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way the trial was carried out) and risk of play of chance (there was a risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the design of the trial). The results of the meta-analysis showed that the time to complete the task was shorter in the box training group than in the control group (from 8 to 17.8 seconds quicker). The quality of the studies was very low as all but one of the 16 studies had a high or very low risk of bias. None of the other outcomes that we were looking at (e.g. death or morbidity) were reported in the trials. There appears to be no differences in the improvement of the technical skills of the trainees in terms of death, error in movements, and trainee quality of life. There is a need for more research in this area.
The objective of this review was to assess the effects of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. Only one study was found that compared bilevel lavage with hydrocortisone (salt solution) in 17 patients. Bilevel lansage was associated with a number of adverse events (pancreatitis with septicaemia, paranoid ideas, fluid retention). The trial did not show an effect on any of the assessed interventions.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of this intervention on survival and disability in low- and high-risk groups. A total of 11 trials were included in this review. Seven of the trials (284 participants) looked at the effect of the intervention on death and disability, and the other three trials (207 participants) assessed the effect on survival. The results of five of the studies (207 patients) showed that support for patients with low-risk disease (preferably in the form of parenteral nutrition) may help them to live longer. Only one of the seven trials (95 patients) reported on death, and there were no deaths in this group. Two studies (69 patients) that compared gastric (gastric) with enteral (enteral) feeds, and found no deaths. In one study (one patient) that investigated the use of gastric versus enteral feeds, no deaths were found. In summary, this review suggests that providing a meal for those who are at risk of ill-health may be a way to help them live longer and be more healthy. However, more research is needed to confirm this.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials (studies in which a group of participants is assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) that looked at the effects of using technology to change the way in which people drink the way people drink their drinking habits. We found 57 randomised studies (involving 34,390 participants) that investigated the effect of using technologies to change how much and how much people drink in the short to mid-term. Forty one studies (19,241 participants) showed that people who used technology to help them drink less than 23 g per week less than those who did not. Fifteen of the studies (10,862 participants) found that those who used the technology had less than one drinking day per month less than participants who were not using the technology at the end of follow-up. In 15 studies (9791 participants) those who use technology to make changes to how much or how often they drink were able to drink were less likely to drink than the control group. Five studies (390 people) looked at a face-to-face intervention. There was no difference in how much more and how often people drank than when they were using the computer. Only five of the 57 trials (390 adults) measured how much alcohol people drank each week. The BCTs of goal setting (B -43.94, 95% CI -78.59 to -9.30), quality of life (QoL) (B-52.52 g/week) and the BCT of the way much more than one drink per day per week showed no difference between the intervention group and the group that did not use the technology. In a multivariable model (B) with B > 23 in the unadjusted model (where the quality of the evidence was assessed in a way that allowed us to combine the results of all the comparisons, we found that B is a way to assess whether or not the use of technology is linked to the reduction in the amount and amount of alcohol people drink. In this review, we also found that there was a moderate- to low- or low-quality of evidence for the effect on the number of people who drank more than three drinks per week. This was mainly due to problems in the design of some of the trials (i.e. the methods used in the trial were not as well described as we would have liked and were not able to blind the participants to which group they were in.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies of benzodiazepine in the short-term for the treatment of panic disorder in adults. We found 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants. Two hundred and forty-two (2124) of the 4233 patients were randomised to benzodiazepam, and 1475 (1475) to a control group (placebo). The remaining 634 (634) patients were included in three-arm trials. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that our conclusions are uncertain as to how effective and well-tolerable benzodizine is compared to other active treatments. Our results do not allow us to draw any conclusions about the long-term effectiveness or side-effect rates. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019.
We found 13 studies with 1520 participants. All studies were short term (12 weeks or less), which meant that we were not able to analyse the effects of tai chi on death from any cause. We were able to combine results for systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and found that taichi reduces both, but not all of the risk factors for CVD. We also found that lipid and lipid levels are lower with tai Chi. We found that triglycerides (lipids) are lower as well as blood lipids. We did not find any long-term trials (where we could not analyse the risk of developing type 2 diabetes), so we do not know if there are any benefits or harms. None of the studies looked at adverse events, costs or the occurrence of type 2 blood sugar levels. There is a need for more research in this area. We do not have enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions at this time.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of a family-based programme on the number of people who smoked in the first year. We found 27 RCTs, most of which were conducted in the USA, two in Europe, one in the UK and one in India. The interventions were very diverse in the methods in which they focused, the other risk behaviours targeted, the age of the children at baseline and the length of follow-up. We were able to combine the results from nine of the studies (4810 participants) but we were not able to pool the findings from eight of these (about 5000 participants) as we could not be able to analyse them in a way that would allow us to combine them in our meta-analysis. Most of the interventions focused on the prevention of the use of tobacco in the home or in the school. We also found one RCT (1096 participants) that compared a family plus school programme to a school 'good behaviour programme. We did not find any evidence of any harmful (harmful) effects of the programmes. There were more studies of high quality for the intervention groups than there were for other control groups. This means that more research is likely to be needed to find out how well the interventions work. Based on this review, we found that when a group of adolescents and their parents were given a high level of education about the need to smoke, they were more likely to quit than those who were not. However, we did not have the data to be sure that this would be the case for all of the other interventions. The quality of the evidence for the main results was low. This was due to issues in the way the studies were carried out. We need more research in this area.
We found three studies (involving a total of 451 participants) that assessed the effect of corticosteroids on nausea and vomiting in adult cancer patients. Two of the studies (127 participants) compared dexamethasone (an anti-cancer drug) to a placebo (i.e. a fake drug). The third study (459 participants) assessed a range of other corticostimulants, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron (an antiepileptic drug), and dexametron. The duration of the three studies ranged from seven to 14 days. Corticosteroid use was not assessed in any of the trials. We found very low- or low-certainty data that did not allow us to be able to determine if corticostic drugs are effective in the control of nausea and nausea in adult cancers. We were not able to pool the results due to the very low quality of the evidence.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials (studies in which one of two or more treatment groups is compared) of high-risk or low-risk children (in this case, those with sickle cell disease, cancer or low birth weight neonates with underlying lung diseases) that assessed the effect of antibiotic prophylaxis to prevent LRTIs (i.e. the use of antibiotics to reduce the number of exacerbations (flare-ups) of lung disease in children. We found 10 trials (involving high- and low-quality) of four types of antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to be included in this review. We were not able to assess the quality of the evidence from three of the 10 trials due to the lack of data. In three studies, there was no increase in the rate of adverse events with azithromyin (two trials) or co-treatments with isonizid (one study). There was an increased risk of emergence of pathogenic (harmful) bacteria in two of the four trials. There was no difference in quality of life between the two groups. In the one study of the only high-certainty study of children who had sickle cells in their blood (pneumococcal septicaemia), there was a lower rate of admissions to the hospital per child-year of follow-up with the co-treatment group in one study. In two studies of children with cystic fibrosis, there were fewer exacerbations in the first year of life with antibiotics. In one of the two high-quality studies assessing the effect on growth, the effect was not clear. There were too few participants in the study to be able to determine if there was an effect on the growth of the children. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up-to-date to April 2015.
We found nine studies (involving 519 adults undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery. Three of the nine studies were at low risk of bias (i.e. there was no bias due to the use of nitrous oxide, helium, argon, nitrogen, or room air). Four of the studies (69 adults) were at high risk of systematic error (ie, there were too few participants in each group to be able to determine whether nitrous (oxide) or helium (pneumoperitoneum) was the best choice to use in the first few days after surgery. One study (70 adults) found that room air (where air is passed through the skin in a fine mist) was better than carbon dioxide (where carbon dioxide is pumped through the body in a press fit). We were not able to combine data from two studies (140 adults) which showed that the first day after surgery was the worst day of pain (based on a range of 1 to 10 with less pain) with nitrous. We were unable to combine results from four trials (69 participants) which did not state the number of patients in the control group. One trial (70 participants) found room air to be the best option (where the air in the room was very low). We are uncertain as to whether room air is as good as carbon dioxide because the quality of the evidence is very low. We are very uncertain about the effect of room air on cardiopulmonary failure (the heart rate of the heart), mortality (the number of deaths), and deaths), pain, and hospital costs after surgery (costs). Room air may be the most suitable choice for those who are at risk of low blood pressure due to poor blood pressure. The quality of evidence for most of the outcomes is very poor. We need more research on this topic. There is a need for more research to be done to find out which is the best way to provide the best level of pain and how to best to keep the airway open.
Fourteen studies were included in this review. Only RCTs investigating dexamethasone were identified. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants looked at the dose of corticosteroid used to treat BPD and found that the dose given ranged from a high dose to a low dose. Five of the 14 studies compared a high with a moderate dose and four of them looked at a lower dose. The quality of evidence for all comparisons was assessed as low or very low, due to the lack of long-term follow-up (up to six months) of most of the studies, small sample size, and differences in the design of the study.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of corticosteroids in patients with acute rheumatic fever. Eight studies were found that compared corticotrophins (prednisone, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulins) with aspirin, placebo or no treatment. Six studies were done between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. We did not find any new studies in this update. The use of corticsostimulants such as corticostimol (dilaudid), cortisone or methylprednisolone did not reduce the risk of heart disease after one year compared with aspirin. However, the quality of the evidence was very low due to the age of the trials and the poor methods used in most of the studies. Further research in this area is warranted.
This is an update of a review first published in 2012. We found six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. There is some evidence from one study that using an insecticide spray to control the growth of trachoma reduces the size of the tumour by 55% to 61% when used as a test of how well the insecticide works. However, this was not confirmed by a more recent study. One study found that the use of a latrine to provide latrine for people living in low- and high-risk areas has not shown an effect on the amount of blood in the urine. One of the studies found that education about how to use the latrine reduced the number of deaths. All six of the six studies had some problems in the way they were carried out. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as there is not a lot of data to assess the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation.
This review of 15 studies (1043 people with CFS) found that CBT is effective in reducing fatigue at post-treatment when used alone, or in combination with other psychosocial treatment. CBT does not seem to be as good as other treatments, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies. However, the quality of the evidence is very low. There is a lack of information on which to base recommendations about the best CBT treatment for CFS. There should be more research in this area.
We found one study with 46 people with sickle cell disease (HbSS, HbSC, HbrSβ+thal and HbSβ0thal) that was eligible for this review. The study randomised 20 adults (aged 18 years and above) who received a six-week (six-month) treatment with either cholecalciferol (vitamin D3) (n = 20) or a placebo (sugar pill) and followed up for six months. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Two participants from the placebo group have missing results of serum serum 25-hydroxyv Vitamin D (25(OH)D, which is the most commonly used vitamin in the world. At both 16 and 24 weeks, the level of vitamin D in the blood of the participants was higher than for those who were in the control group at eight weeks, at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks. However, this was not evident at either time point. There was no difference in adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin D and placebo groups, but the quality of the evidence was low. The number of days of pain days in the Vitamin D group was about 10 days less than in the group in which placebo was used as comparator (10.0 days less), but again, the results were not clear (14.0%). Vitamin D did not seem to cause more pain days than placebo, although again, we were not able to be sure of this. Vitamin D may cause more side effects (e.g. nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, headache and headache), but we were unable to be certain about this due to the low risk of bias in the study. The evidence is up to date as of June 2016. The quality of evidence for the outcomes of adverse events was very low. This means that we are uncertain as to whether or not the effects of Vitamin D are the same as if the risk of them is high. The results for the outcome of quality of life were not very good, but this was based on only one low quality study with a high dropout rate (many participants did not complete the six-month study) and a high risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a high rate of bias with regards to the design of the trial. We are unable to make any conclusions about the effects and the side effect rates in this study due to poor design and reporting of the one study that we found. We need more high quality, well-designed, randomised and well-conducted randomised controlled study to assess the effect and the safety of the use of the intervention in children and adults. This review is based on a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2013. We found only one study published in 2012, which found no new study in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in December 2015. This review includes one study with 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, who had mild to moderate symptoms of idiopathic cepacia. The study compared the effectiveness of the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions (reST) in children who received one treatment or the other, in one or more sessions, each week for one or two weeks. The evidence is up-to-date at one-month post-therapy. There is some evidence that, when given intensively, both NDP-3 and ReST may be effective in improving word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with cepacysomia (i.e. their understanding of the world around them) and their use of words. However, we are not able to say whether or not one treatment is better than the other. We are unable to assess whether either treatment is more effective than no treatment or treatment as usual. No formal analyses were carried out by the authors of the first study, and so we were not confident in the quality of the evidence provided by this review. No firm conclusions can be drawn from this review due to imprecision of the results. Further research is needed to find out if there are other treatments for children with Cepastomia.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2013. We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 268 participants. One of the RCTs was from the US in both adults and children and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to poor reporting of information. The other three studies were from the UK in children and adults and were assessed for four weeks. One study from the USA in adults compared pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks to no treatment and the fourth one from Brazil in adults looked at trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole for 12 months. The last study, all adults had active retinochoroiditis and were treated for 45 days with antibiotics (tricyclic or antifungal) compared to a control group (placebo). Only the study in Brazil reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. It found that over 20 months, the risk of re-infection of the eye was about one-fifth of the risk for the control group. This means that over the course of one year, the chance of having a new eye infection was about 1.0% less than for those who did not receive any treatment. In both the US and UK studies, there was an increased risk of side-effects in the treated group. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. In the UK and US, there were more side effects in the participants. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for most of the outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of a review published in 2012. We found 43 randomised controlled trials (involving 3749 participants) that compared various fixed angle plates for extracapsular and extramedullary fractures. Twenty-two of the 43 trials (3749 patients) compared the gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The gamma nail was associated with an increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and more reoperation rate compared with the SHS. Five trials (623 patients) looked at the 'implant' (i.e. the hip screw) for extrochanteric fractures. There were no differences in wound infection, death or the length of time spent in hospital for the proximal femoral nail (PFN) versus theSHS. None of the 10 trials (1491 patients) that looked at other nail-and-treatments compared with fixed nail plates. There was not enough evidence to be able to show that any of the implants were superior to each other. Two trials (124 patients) found that the fixed nail was better in terms of the rate of bone healing.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials that compared these two forms of treatment in women with ovarian cancer. We found only one study (involving 47 women) that met our criteria for the review. This study compared palliative surgery (n = 27) with medical management with cancer treatment with Octreotide, and found that women who had surgery survived longer than those who only had surgery. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Although six (22%) of the women who received surgery had serious complications of the surgery, and three (11%) of them died. We were not able to reach a conclusion about the quality of life of the two groups due to the lack of reporting. We assessed the risk of bias in the study as low. Further research is needed to find out if one form of treatment is better than the other.
This is an update of a review published in 2012. We found four randomised trials (involving 244 women with PCOS) that looked at the use of statins to treat the symptoms of PCOS. Two of the trials (184 women) looked at simvastatin (a drug used to treat hyperglycemia) and two trials (60 women) studied the effect of atorvastarin (a hormone pill). We did not find any good results for any of the comparisons. There was no good evidence that statins helped to reduce the rate of regularity of ovulation, hirsutism (scarring) or skin loss when used either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). There were no results for body weight (BMI) or blood lipids (lipids). Statins did not seem to have any effect on the body weight of the woman when used alone or with the OCP. No serious adverse events were reported in any study. There is a need for more research to be done with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTs to assess the effects of statin use.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials that assessed the effects of any of these treatments in women with cervical cancer. We last searched for these in 2013, but found no new studies. We searched for randomised controlled trials (studies in which a group of people (the control group) is assigned to the treatment group by a method that is not random (i.e. by chance) in order to assess whether or not any of the treatments are better or worse than the control group. We found none of the trials that compared the use of a palliative treatment with radiotherapy in this group. Therefore, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the best way to treat vaginal bleeding in this population. We need to find out from randomised trials whether any pallyapy method is best or not. We identified a need for a randomised trial to assess the effects and risks of palodysurgery for the control of vaginal blood loss in these women. We did not find any new studies for this review update. Since this review is the first, we have not found any new evidence since the last search in 2013.
The review of three trials found that when temozolomide is used in combination with other drugs to treat a glioblastoma multiforme, it improves the time taken for the tumour to recur and the time it takes for the cancer to come back. Although it does not seem to increase the risk of death, it does increase the rate of side effects. In patients with GBM, when given in both the pre- and post-phase of therapy, it seems to improve the time that the cancer comes back. It does not appear to cause more side effects overall.
The authors of this review assessed the effects of contracting-in (i.e. the use of funds from the public or charitable sources) for the management of health services in low- and high-risk districts. After a wide search for studies, they found only one study that met the criteria for the review. This study was performed in the late 1980s in the USA and was funded by the US Government. The study in the study from the USA found that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for district health systems management ('cumbent-in') may increase access to health care and use of the health system by 28% and the amount of use of public facilities by 14%. The use of contract-in was not found to have an effect on the health of the majority of the population. The other trial from the other study in Cambodia found low- to very low-certainty results for the performance of the education of health system managers. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive the intervention had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than those who received the training. No studies that aimed to find out how to best to keep the managers in place (e.g., by training them) were found. More research is needed.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomized studies that compared surgical treatment with non-surgical management in adults with COPD. We found three trials with a total of 123 participants. All three studies reported on deaths, and deaths occurred in two of them. The risk of death was pneumonia, lung embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. There was no clear evidence of a difference in death between the treatment groups. Among the participants who underwent surgery, there was some evidence that surgery reduced the risk of chest pain, tracheostomy (tumour of the airway), and the time spent on a ventilator. The length of time a person was on the breathing machine and the length of stay in the ICU were measured in the three trials. We were not able to combine the results of the analyses due to differences in the reporting of the results. Further well-designed studies with a large sample size are required to confirm the effects of surgery on death.
Cerivastatin is one of the most widely used drugs in the world. We found fifty randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on 12,877 participants who had their LDL blood lipids assessed. The participants were of any age with and without heart disease and the trials were three to 12 weeks long. We did not find any RCTs on the use of cetiedil. The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 June 2015. In the short term, we found that when we looked at the long-term effects of this drug in terms of LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, and triglyceride (a type of lipid) levels, our results showed that the drug was about 25 to 30 times more effective than the atorvastatin. We also found that the effect of the drug on lipid levels in the blood was based on the dose range of 2.5 mg to 80 mg. This means that our results are likely to be close to the truth. In terms of side effects, we do not know if the drug is safe because we did not see any side effects in 42% of the trials. We judged the evidence for these effects to be high.
We found 28 studies with 6851 patients. Most of the studies were of low to high risk of bias (i.e. there was a low risk of systematic bias for most studies). For most of the outcomes we did not have enough information to be certain about the effect of remote ischaemic preconditioning. Based on high quality evidence, we found that in patients with heart and vascular surgery where renal ischaemia reperfusion injury was the main cause of death, we were able to combine the results from 14 studies (1022 patients) and six (6 studies (417 patients) to show that the need for dialysis was the same in the group of patients who were treated with the device compared to the control group (13 studies, 2417 patients). We were not able to confirm whether the use of the device by cuff inflation increased the risk of death or the rate of adverse events in this group (15 studies, 3993 patients). Only two of 15 studies (6/1999 and 1/1994) indicated that there were any adverse effects in the groups. In the remaining 13 studies (4931 patients) no adverse effects were observed in either group. We assessed the quality of the evidence for most outcomes as high for adverse events, low for serum creatinine, and very low for all-cause death and need for haemodialysis.
We found 12 trials (three from the 2008 search and nine from the 2014 search) with 703 participants. Eight of the 12 studies (with a total of 244 participants) looked at the effect of the intervention on tiredness after stroke. Sixteen of the studies were on the use of medicines (fluoxetine, erythropoietin, fumaric acid, citicoline, tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from long-term diseases). Four studies (248 participants) did not look at tiredness but other symptoms after stroke (e.g. headache, nausea, headache, headache). None of the interventions showed any effect on the severity of tiredness. There were too few studies to be able to draw any conclusions on the efficacy of any of the treatments described. There is a need for more research in this area. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way they were conducted).
We found three small studies (involving 74 preterm infants) that looked at interventions for low blood sugar levels in babies born too preterm. We were not able to assess the effect of the interventions on the health of the babies. One study (Malone 1991) found that the use of an insulin and glucose and albuterol inhalation reduced the risk of death in infants born too soon after receiving rectal cation-resin for high blood glucose levels. The other study (Hu 1999) showed that the addition of glucose and insulin reduced the rate of death by an average of 2.2 deaths per 1000 babies when used to treat high blood sugars. No serious side effects were found. No firm conclusions can be made at this time.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which showed that IVIg can speed up recovery when used in conjunction with PE in adults with severe disease. There were no trials in adults, but this review shows that, in patients with moderate or severe acute and/or acute leukaemia of the skin and blood. There are too few adverse events to be able to make a clear assessment of adverse events in this group. There is a need for more research in this area. More research is needed in mild disease and in those whose treatment starts more than one week after the onset of the disease.
We found 28 trials with a total of 9330 participants. We found that a high dose of oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery was not associated with an increase in the risk of death. We did not find evidence for a benefit of a high oxygen dose on any of the following outcomes: death, adverse events, serious adverse events or length of stay in the emergency room. In addition, we found that preoperatively, a high rate of inspirations (i.e. 60% or more) during surgery was associated with a decrease in the rate of surgical site infections. However, we did not see an effect on the incidence of death or adverse events. As the quality of the evidence was low, we were not able to draw any conclusions as to the use of a large number of patients in this review.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies of the use of oral antibiotics to treat children with OME up to 16 years of age. We found 25 trials (with 3258 children) that met our criteria for the review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 7 June 2015. We included 23 trials (3258 participants) that covered a range of different types of antibiotics, length of the treatment (from 10 to 14 days) and time points for assessment of the effects of the intervention (from 3 to 6 months). Most of the trials (23) were at low to moderate risk of bias (i.e. at low risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was carried out). We found that children who had an OME of two to three months were more likely to have their OME cleared from the nose and throat at six months than those who did not. However, we found that they also had more skin rash and diarrhoea. We did not find any information on the effect of the antibiotics on short-term hearing (two to four weeks). None of the studies reported on speech, language or cognitive (cognition) development or quality of life (QoL) (a measure of a child's ability to use their voice). We also found no data on the impact of the antibiotic use on other important outcomes (e.g. speech, learning to use the mouth to give sound answers to questionnaires (a sign for their breath), speech or the rate of removal of the tube from the eardrum from the ear due to improve their voice. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The main reasons for downgrading the quality were imprecision in the results for most of the outcomes.
We found 12 studies, nine RCTs and three pre- and after (before and after) study on both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. We found that LPDs reduced the rate of GFR by 0.1 ml/min (95% CI -0.1 to 0.3) in the LPD group. In patients with type 1 diabetes, we found that the GFR (the amount of protein in their blood) was 0.2 ml/kg/month lower in the control group. One study found that protein intake in the low LPD groups ranged from 0.7 to 1.1 g/kg per kg/day. We did not find any information on the effect of LPD on the quality of life of the patients or on the cost of care. We conclude that the results of this review show that low protein intake appears to slow down the progression to kidney failure, although the effect on death rates is uncertain. Further longer-term research is needed on this topic.
We found 19 studies with 3480 participants. Twelve of the studies were of good quality, and the other seven were of low or very good quality. We found that'strong evidence' suggests that most of the participants in the in-patient group make a good recovery when they are provided with information and advice about how to cope when provided with the care they need.'strong results' also suggest that those with moderate to severe brain injury who are still in the emergency and acute care unit make greater gains when they receive treatment in the short term (up to three months after the injury).'strong findings' also indicate that those who are already in the ABI group make gains earlier than those who receive care in the later stages of recovery when assessed by a clinician. We also found that those patients who are in hospital with mild brain injury, who receive follow-up for up to six months after their injury, do not need to be assessed for recovery. Not all of the questions we have about the best way to treat patients with ABI can be assessed by trials. For example, the literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term (over the next three to 12 months). We need to find out in the next update of this review which type of treatment works best.
We found one trial (involving 176 women) that compared full mother-infant rooming-in (where the mother attends the breastfeed at home with the child in a fixed schedule of seven times per day) with partial rooming in (where infants were breastfed on the first day of life). The evidence is up to date as of 26 November 2018. The trial did not report on any of the other outcomes that we had planned to assess. Only one of the four groups (the 'control group') was included in the meta-analysis, which means that we were not able to combine the results of the two groups. Babies who were roomed-in were more likely to breastfeed on the day after birth (on the day four postpartum) than those who were separate from their mother (on average 8.3 breastfeeds per day more than in the separate care group). Babies in the control group breastfed at the same time as those in the room (i.e. seven times a day) did not receive any help with breastfeedting at six months of age. There was no difference found between the groups in the number of babies who were still breastfed six months later. The quality of the evidence was low. Further well-designed, well-conducted studies are needed to find out which is the best way to keep a mother and her child in the same room.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of sanchi for acute ischaemic stroke in adults. Eight randomised trials were included in the review. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality and the follow-up time was less than one month in six of the trials. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% (range 0.5 to 5.0%). The risk of death and dependency rate at the end of 28 days was lower in participants who received schani than in those who did not (relative risk (RR) 0.63, range 0.45 to 0.88). One trial reported higher Barthel (Bolton/Bolter/Parker/Percotrimm (a measure of brain function) in those participants who had schaniolei. Pooled results from seven of eight trials suggested that those who were treated with schanic may have improved their brain function more than those who received control (RR 0.29, risk 0.47). Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in respect of the risk of stroke recurrence and quality of life. Schani does not seem to be safe for the prevention of stroke. More well-designed trials are required.
This review aimed to find out if there are any advantages or harms from the use of these types of implants. There were 14 eligible RCTs but not all could be included in the review and only 7 of the 14 were of high risk of bias (i.e. there were problems with the methods used in some of the trials) and there were a lot of imprecision in the results. There is not enough evidence to be able to decide whether there is any advantage or disadvantage of using quick to use, or whether any of the augmentation techniques is superior to the others. There should be more research in this area.
The aim of this review was to see if clioquinol (a drug used to treat Alzheimer's disease) is safe and if it is safe to use in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. We found only one study of PBT1, which compared it to a placebo (i.e. a dummy drug) in 36 participants. The drug did not show any effect on cognition (measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment (ADAS-Cog) scores at 36 weeks. There was no effect on non-cognition (such as non-sightedness or poor co-ordination) or global impression at 24 and 36 weeks in the PBT2 group. However, after 12 weeks the drug appeared to be safe and well-treatable. There is a need for more research in this area. We have some concerns about the design of the first study. The planned phase II clinical trial of the drug has been stopped due to lack of data and so we do not know if the drug will be used in the next stage of treatment.
We found 36 studies with 2999 participants (with high blood pressure from all causes), most of whom were in their late 60s and most were in the UK. Most of the trials (19 out of 24) were in adults. Two studies were in children. We found that in adults, those with high blood blood pressure due to lung disease were more likely to be able to walk up to 48 metres further in six weeks, and 22% less likely to die. There was an increased risk of adverse events with PDE5 inhibitors, such as headache, stomach upset, flushing, and joint pain. We did not find any difference in the risk of death. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all safe and all efficacious in this group of trials. We do not know if they would have had the same effect in the other group of studies as we did not have enough evidence to be certain about them. There is a need for more research in this area. We judged the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes to be low due to imprecision (i.e. not similar across trials) and inconsistency (variation in results across trials).
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. We found one new study in a search of the published literature in February 2015. In total we found 22 trials involving a total of 2193 adults who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015. The quality of the evidence ranged from high to very high. The most important reasons for the high quality were for the use of multiple-injections for axillary plexus block and for the fact that the effect size was greater when the neurostimulation method was used rather than the transarterial method. We also found that the time for block performance was shorter for a single and a two-injection method, although there was no difference in the time taken for the patients to be ready for surgery. There was not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about differences in other outcomes, such as adverse effects.
We found three studies that met our criteria for the review. All three studies, which all used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma, lasted 7-12 months. We are not able to comment on the growth of other inhaled corticosteroids that have been used to treat asthma. If inhaled steroids are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend the minimum dose that we can use to make sure that the child's airway is open and close to the target.
The review of trials found that APD has not been shown to be more efficacious than CAPD with respect to death, risk of peritonitis, hernias, loss of blood, leakage of the peritoneum and the need for the catheter to be removed. APD may be better in some groups of patients (e.g. those in the younger PD group and those in employment) due to its psychosocial advantages. There is a need for a large randomised trial comparing APD with CAPD.
We found 37 trials (9312 patients) comparing CRT to IF-RT. We found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS), time to death from any cause, time to disease recurrence and time to relapse. This was mainly due to an increase in the need for salvage therapy after RT. However, we also found that when we looked at earlier stages (i.e. IIIA and IV), CRT seemed to be the best choice for most early stage (I-II) HD patients. For advanced stages (III to IV), we found that in most patients, CRT is the best first choice for first-line (at least six months) treatment. We did not find enough long-term data to compare RT to CT.
We found 26 studies with 4893 participants. Twenty five of the 26 studies were case series or unblinded long-term studies (studies in which a group of people is assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) and the other study was an RCT (randomized, double-blind, and quasi-randomized study). Opioids were administered in a range of ways, such as by mouth (oral, transdermally, or intrathecally (i.e. under the skin). All three modes of use of the drugs led to a small reduction in pain, although the amount of pain relief provided by one method over the long term ranged from a modest amount to a large amount. We were not able to assess quality of life of the patients due to a lack of evidence due to lack of data for the transdermal (skin) and intrathectomy (intravenous (involving a skin patch placed over the skin) studies. Side-effect rates were low, with only a few cases of minor side-effect such as nausea and headache. Serious side-effects were rare, and very rare were those that caused participants to stop treatment. We found that many patients stop long-lasting opioid use due to side effects or due to adverse events. However, we found weak evidence that patients who are able to use the drugs for pain relief in the short-term (over six months) may be able to continue using them over the next six to 12 months.
We found only one study with 212 adults (98.2%, 106/108) with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage II and IV. The participants were all male (mean age 58.4 years, 104/104) with a mean age of 57.3 years in the oxandrolone group and 57.2 years (58.4%) in the control group (placebo group). The participants received 20 mg per day (20 mg/day, administered orally) of the anabolic anabolic dexamethasone (a substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and were followed up for 24 weeks. We are very uncertain about the results of this study as the quality of the evidence was very low due to imprecision (i.e. the size of the results were imprecise) and the low number of events reported (very low). This means that we are uncertain as to whether the use of anabolic corticosteroids in treating the pressure ulcer results in better ulcer healing. There was low-certainty evidence on the risk of non-serious adverse events (side effects) reported in participants who received ox androlone. Thus, we are very unsure about the effect of anogenic corticostomies on the rate of complete healing of ulcers. Further well-designed, multicentre trials are required to assess the effects of anabolite on pain, length of time spent in hospital, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. The evidence in this study was of very low quality.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of the use of email for the prevention or prevention of disease in adults. We found six randomised trials with 8372 people. All six trials were judged to be at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias in at least one aspect of the methods used in each of the trials). Four of the six trials (8372 people) looked at the effects of email compared to standard mail and two of them (983 people) compared email to usual care. We did not find any data on the effect of email on the uptake of preventive screening (the use of which includes screening for diseases such as heart disease or stroke), or on patient or caregiver behaviour (such as the amount of time and effort required for the patient to return to work). For the primary health service (outcomes of patient health status and well-being) there was no difference between the groups. For both of the comparisons (email compared to usual mail and email versus usual care) there were no differences between groups for understanding and support. We were not able to combine the results of the two comparisons due to the quality of the evidence being low. No data were found on the harms of the emails used by the trial. We conclude that there is a need for more high-quality research in this area.
This review of trials found that the use of post-Epley postural restrictions in the Epley manoeuvre reduced the rate of Dix-Hallpike (i.e. the rate at which the dizziness comes back) by a small amount when used as a measure of how well the manoeuvre works. However, this was not shown by the included trials. There was no evidence to suggest that the addition of mastoid oscillation (where the head rotates in one direction while the other is held in the other) was of any benefit. No serious side effects were reported in the trials. Only three of the trials (involving a total of 855 participants) reported on adverse effects, and they described some minor side effects such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium (dyspepsia) in some of the patients. There were no reports of adverse effects in the control group. There is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mastoids oscillation to increase the amount of time that the neck rotations take to move the head from the front of the chair to the back.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We found four studies (231 adults with nasal polyps of which three were at low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way in which the studies were carried out). One of the studies (109 adults) looked at the use of an endoscopic sinus surgery (where the nose is opened to see the sinus) and found that it did not make a difference to the quality of life of the patients. One study (35 adults) compared an endoscopy with a high-dose antibiotic. There were no differences between the groups in the scores for the patient-reported symptoms of disease or the health-level of life scores. Two studies (one of which (124 adults) found that an endoscope made for the nose to look through (endoscopy) made it easier to assess the amount of plaque in the nose. None of the other studies found that sinus polyps were less likely to come back in the next three years than when they were assessed by the clinician. No differences were found for any objective tests of the nose (oscopy, olfactory test (which are used to assess how well the nose worked to see if there is no polyps) in those studies in which they were measured. The quality of the evidence is low or very low for all of the outcomes. As the overall quality of evidence was very low, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions. More research is needed to find out which type of surgery is best.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of foods with zinc as the main micronutrient used to fortify them. We found eight trials with a total of 709 adults and children. Seven of the eight trials were from middle-income countries in Africa, Africa, Europe, and Latin America. The interventions ranged from one to nine months in length. Four of the trials (comparison 1) looked at the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods compared with unfortified foods, and four of them (comarison 2) assessed the use of zinc in combination with other nutrients/factors compared with the same foods containing other vitamins and/or foods without zinc. Most of the studies were of poor or unclear or at low risk of bias, which means that it is possible that their results may not be valid. We did not find any trials that assessed the effects of adding zinc to wheat flour. There was no evidence to suggest that the addition of zinc to flour reduced the risk of underweight or the rate of stunting (i.e. the rate at which a child grows taller than five to 10 centimeters per year). There were no reported adverse effects on iron or iron content in the food. The effects of using zinc to fortise foods with iron or copper are not clear. If zinc is added to foods, it may make little or no difference to the serum zinc levels. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the review published in 2013. We found eleven studies with 3060 participants that compared non-steroidal anti-androgens with castration for men with metastatic prostate cancer. We did not find any new studies at this time. The quality of evidence is low to very low. Evidence was limited by risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out) and imprecision (due to the lack of precision of the results). We found that men who had metastatic cancer who were treated with non-teroidal antiandrogens did not live longer, and their cancer did not progress as much as men who received castration (at one year, 70 weeks, two years). However, men who were used to treat the tumour did not have more side effects (such as breast pain, gynaecomastia (joint pain), tiredness, tiredness and loss of sex). We also found that use of the drug did not increase the risk of death or the risk that the cancer would come back in the next six to 12 months. The risk of adverse events was high in both groups. We rated the quality of the evidence for survival, cancer-specific survival and the rate of tumour recurrence as low to moderate.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials of screening for breast cancer in the last 10 years. We found eight randomised trials with 600,000 women in the meta-analysis in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three of the eight trials with good risk of bias did not show an effect of screening on death from breast cancer at 13 years; four of the trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a reduction in breast cancer mortality with a risk of 0.75 (95% CI 95% CI 0.67 to 0.83). The risk of death from any cause was not reduced by any amount after 13 years (RR 0.99). Breast cancer deaths in the screened groups were twice as high as in the control groups (RR 1.31; RR 1.22; RR 0.42). The number of lumpectomies and mastectomies (i.e. soft tumours of breast cancer) were more than twice as large in the group of women who were screened. The use of chemotherapy was similar in both groups (RCTs). If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women screened, one will avoid death from a breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been detected if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 of the 200 women who will be screened will be assessed for a long time after the screening has been done. To help ensure that the women are well informed about whether or not to undergo screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for them that is available in a range of language.
We found four studies, with a total of 522 women, that compared hCG priming to no priming in IVM. Three of the studies looked at 10,000 units hCG, and one of them looked at 20,000 unit hCG. All four of the trials (involving 400 women) had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were carried out). When hCG was compared to no hCG (no priming), we found no evidence that hCG had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates. There was some low quality evidence from one of the three studies (82 women) to suggest that women who received hCG may be less likely to have a live birth (22% in the hCG group, compared with 23%) than those who did not. No data were available on side effects (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions (such as adverse events such as nausea or skin rash), so we were not able to assess the side effect rates. We need further well-designed randomised controlled trial (RCTs) before we can be certain about the best use of hCG and the best time to use it. The quality of the evidence was low, as we did not find any RCTs, and most of the results were imprecise.
The aim of this review was to assess whether ERT or HRT, when used as short-term or long-term (up to five years) therapy for older postmenopausal women, can help them to cope with their daily life tasks in the short term and long term. Twenty-four studies were found, but only 16 (10,114 women) could be used in the meta-analysis. The analyses showed that both ERT and HRT do not seem to help to reduce the risk of a woman’s cognitive decline when used to treat symptoms of postmenopause. There is not clear evidence to show whether specific types of HRT or ERT are helpful in subgroups of women. However, there is a growing body of research in this area.
We searched for all randomised trials of inhaled inhaled corticosteroids and LAMA in adults with COPD. We found only one study with 880 participants. Both of them compared inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) with LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). We are uncertain as to whether once-per-day inhaled intubation is better or worse than LAMA. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time due to the very low quality of the evidence available. We need more and longer-term trials to be sure that once-daily inhaled steroid inhalers are as good as LAMA for the treatment of COPD in adults. We did not find any trials with a low risk of bias.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of SRIs and CBT in the treatment of BDD. Four short-term RCTs (169 participants) were found that compared SRIs or CBT to a control group (placebo). Results from one RCT of fluoxetine showed that the drug was superior to placebo in terms of the rate of response (i.e. the rate at which the drug works in the short term), as well as in the two CBT trials. CBT is a type of cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) that aims to change the way in which a person views his or her thoughts and behaviours. One trial of CBT showed that relapse rate (recurrence rate) was lower in the CBT group than in the control group. There is a need for more research in this area.
The review of three randomised trials found that cotrimoxazole is a drug used to treat a wide range of viral and fungal infections. The review found that the use of a desensitization protocol may be more effective than a re-challenge protocol for reducing the rate of the drug’s use for the treatment of infections caused by human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) in the short term. There is a need for more research in children.
We searched for evidence on 30 June 2016. We found three studies (enrolling 148 preterm infants) that compared midazolam to a placebo (sugar pill) in infants in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) up to 28 days of age. We identified no new trials for this update. We assessed the effects of midazodam on death in the first 28 days after birth, the babies' quality of life, their pain and their neurological outcomes at 28 days' postnatal age. In one of the studies (43 infants), the babies had less pain (measured on the Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) (meased up to 24 weeks of age) during midazoprostolam infusion than during dextrose (placebo) infusion. In the other study (46 infants), adverse events such as death, grade II or IV IVH or PVL occurred more often in infants who were in the midazolinam group than in those in the placebo group. We judged the evidence for most of the outcomes (death, grade IVH and PVL) to be of low quality due to the low numbers of infants enrolled and the short length of time babies spent in the NICU. We are not able to assess the effects and the side-effect rates in preterm neonates because none of the sedation scales used have been validated for this group.
We found 12 trials with a total of 767 participants. We are uncertain of the effects of the use of antibiotics in people with diarrhoea due to the lack of fibre in their food. There were more side-effects in those who received the treatment. The most common side-effect is a rash, rash rash and nausea. Most of the side effects are mild, such as nausea, vomiting, headache and diarrhea. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up to date as of December 2013.
We found 23 studies (involving 4192 adults) that assessed the accuracy of interleukin-6 for the assessment of sepsis in critically ill adults. We were able to combine data from 21 studies (3650 adults) and found that if we test a group of 1000 adults with sepsitis to be sure that they are infected, we will find that 330 of them would be assessed by the blood test, while 130 would be wrongly assessed as not being infected. If we assess the risk of bias, we found that not all of the studies were at high risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the lack of reporting of some of the results). If we test the blood of 1000 patients who are suspected of a blood test for sepsic, we would find that they would be correctly assessed as being infected, while they would not receive antibiotics. We would not be able to determine how accurate the blood tests are for the main results of the blood sample for the test for the blood serum level of serum blood in the blood. This is based on a very wide range of results (from 12% to 78%), which meant that we were not able to pool the results. If the blood blood serum blood levels of the antibody in the urine of the patient are low (50%), we will not be certain that they will be accurate. If they are high (74%), then we will be uncertain about whether they are accurate (from 74% to 95%).
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of dressing for wounds after surgery. We found 29 studies with a total of 5718 participants. There were 16 studies that compared dressing with no dressing, 16 of which included only'clean' wounds, and five of which were at a high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way they were run and reported). Four studies compared wound dressings with no wound dressing, and the rest of the remaining 25 looked at alternative dressing types (film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings). We are uncertain whether wound exposure or any dressing reduces or increases the risk of SSI when used to dress wounds following surgery. It is not clear whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than any other. There was very low or very low certainty of evidence for most comparisons. This means that we are uncertain as to which dressing is the best to use. We are very uncertain about the effects of wound dressing on other outcomes such as scarring, pain, and how well they work to remove the skin from wounds. There is very low to very low quality evidence for the comparison of dressing with film dressments, and we are not certain about the effect of dressing on the other outcomes.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found one trial (involving 179 women) that compared selenium, DHA and eicosapentaenoic acid (a type of fish oil) to a control group (placebo). We did not find any new trial for this update. Sixty-one (44%) women completed the self-report of an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS, which is used to assess if a person is depressed after birth, and 41 (41%) of them completed an EPDS. There was a high risk of bias due to a large number of participants in the control group who did not take part in the study (41%), 41 of whom were lost to follow-up. This study did not report on any of the other main outcomes of this review. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid, a type of omega-3 amino acid (which is thought to be the best amino acid for improving blood loss, to a placebo (sugar tablet). We found no new trial. We do not know from this update whether selenement, DDA or EPA are helpful in the prevention of postnatal depression. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other type of diet for preventing postatal depression.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of anthracycline given for at least six hours a day for six weeks. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 811 participants. All of the participants included in the studies were adults who had a solid tumour of the heart (leukaemia or leukaemia). We found that giving doxorubicin for six hours less than 60 mg/m2 a day less often (six hours less) reduced the risk of heart failure when compared to giving the drug at a shorter dose (five studies; 557 adults). We did not find a difference in the rate of heart disease in people who received the drug for less than six hours per day. We also found that when the dose of the drug was used for a longer time, the number of heart attacks (i.e. those caused by heart attack or stroke) was the same in both groups. We do not know whether the use of a higher dose of doxorbicin is better or worse than the lower dose because there was one RCT with 5280 adults with a high risk of bias. However, we do not have enough high-quality evidence to be certain about this. We need more high-level research to find out if using a longer or a shorter time to give the drug is beneficial or not. This review is up-to-date as of April 2015.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 adults and children with TBI. Most of the people in the studies received treatment for at least 24 hours and most of the participants were alive at the end of the study. We did not combine the results of the studies as we were not able to pool the results for all of the outcomes. We used the GRADE method to assess the risk of bias in each study and assessed each outcome for each outcome. We found no evidence for the use of hypothermia in the management of TBI in adults or in children. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for death and unfavourable outcomes from high to very low. This means that we are uncertain about the effect of hypotherapy for TBI due to differences in the direction of effect. Further research is required in this field to establish the effects of hypostimulants on TBI outcomes.
We found three high-quality and three low-quality studies, with a total of 519 participants, that looked at the effects of psychosocial interventions for depression in adults. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, participants, and the way they measured the outcomes. We were not able to combine the results of the studies, but some of the findings from the non-combined results from three studies, which we were able to include in the meta-analyses, showed that, compared with no treatment or on a waiting list, family therapy was better in the short term (three months or less), in reducing the level of depression, and in the long term (six months or more). We were unable to draw conclusions about the overall effectiveness of family therapy in the treatment of depression. At the present time, we do not have enough evidence to be able to say whether or not this form of therapy works better than no therapy or on its own. More research is needed.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of Duxil for people with Alzheimer's disease. Only three trials were found that included a total of 206 people. All three of the studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way the trial was run and reported). No data on death from any cause were available from the three trials. Duxul appeared to be well-treatable with respect to the development of a wide range of activities of daily living (ADL) and cognitive (cognition and reasoning) in the short term. There were no data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up. Behaviour, quality of life, caregiver burden and adverse events were not assessed in the trials. Due to the low quality of the three included trials, small size of the trials and the possibility of bias due to their design, this review did not find enough evidence to be able to support the routine use of duxil to treat the symptoms of Alzheimer's in the long term. High-quality and large-scale trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
The evidence is current to August 2013. We found a total of 7 randomised controlled trial (RCT) with a number of high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to lack of blinding of participants and staff). We found that after axillary lymphadenectomy there is a reduced risk of developing a seroma in those who have a drain after lymphodial lymphadenotomy. There is a reduction in the number of post-surgery symptoms and the length of time spent in the drained population. However, the cost of the drains is increased when they are used. There was no difference in the risk of lymphoedema (blood loss) between those who had a drain and those who did not. We did not find any evidence to suggest that drains reduce the rate of death or the amount of haematoma found in the blood. The quality of the evidence was low.
We found eight studies with 390,769 people with colorectal cancer and adenomas. Five of the eight studies used a cohort design, two were case-control (i.e. a control group that did not receive the intervention) and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The quality of the studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS, which is used to assess if a study is of high or low quality. The results form the studies assessing the effect of flavonoids, Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones were mixed. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from three prospective cohort studies were of high quality, and two were of medium quality. Both case-controlled and case-based, which were of moderate quality, found that increasing the amount of flavonoids reduced the risk of colon cancer growth. For epicatechin, a drug used to treat high blood lipids, there was evidence that it decreased the risk. There was no evidence that the use of procyanidin or phytoestrogen could reduce the rate of colon cancers. We did not find evidence that high levels of anthocyanin (a type of amino acid used in the diet) had an effect on the risk for colon cancer. We concluded that there is not enough evidence to say whether or not there is a beneficial or a harmful effect of the flavonoid intake.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomized trials that assessed the effect of extending the duration of treatment to 72 weeks in people infected with HCV from 48 weeks to 48 weeks. We found seven trials with a total of 1369 participants. All trials had high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way in which the trial was run and reported). We found that the length of treatment with peginterferon and ribavirin (a drug used to treat human chorionidomatisorNeisseria gonorrhoeaeae) did not change the rate of response after 72 weeks. There were no deaths or adverse events in the trials. There was no difference in the number of people who relapsed after four weeks of treatment between the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions. In the one trial that reported adverse events, no difference was seen in the rates of adverse events between the treatment groups. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found only one study (involving 34 participants) that met the criteria for this review. Both studies assessed the accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intention in pancreatic cancers. There was low risk of bias for most aspects of the methods used in both studies. The quality of the study was high in one study and unclear or high in the other. The mean age of the participants ranged from 55 to 66 years old and the mean follow-up time in both study was 12.5 years in one of the studies. In the other study, the age of patients ranged from 19.9 years in the first study and 18.6 years in both of them. In one study, all participants were alive at the end of the second stage of surgery. In both studies, all patients were alive after the surgery and the other was not. EUS is a test that is used to assess the ability of a tumour to be surgically removed when it is found to be unresectable by CT scan. We found that in people with pancreatic cancer found to have potentially resectable cancer on CT scan, 13% of people (95% CI 3% to 39%) with positive EUS will be detected as not having cancer and 20% (5% to 53%) will be missed and will not have cancer detected by EUS. In people with periampullary cancer, we found no evidence to suggest that EUS should be used.
We found 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) to include in this review. We found 20 studies (14 RCTs and 6 CCTs) that included 1661 adults with the blepstomies of the eye, and 14 studies (12 trials and 2 controlled trials) that involved 508 adults with either the eye or the nose bleeds of the nose. We were not able to combine the results of the studies as we were able to analyse them in a way that would allow us to pool them. Topical antibiotic use was shown to provide some symptomatic relief for both the eyes in terms of the clearance of bacteria from the eyelid and the skin from the skin. However, the evidence for the use of other treatments, such as topical corticosteroids and oral antibiotics, was weak. There is no strong evidence for any of these treatments in curing long-term bleeds from the eyes. In the present day, there are many products that are available that are used to treat bleeds, but we did not find any trials that were of high quality. More research is needed to find out if any of the products shown to be effective are of the same use as those that are prescribed to patients.
We found one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way the trial was run and reported). We did not find any results for all of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduced volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was assessed in the study. There was no difference between the groups. Side-effect rates were very low (very low quality). The most common side-effect was swelling of the airway that required the use of an intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after treatment. We do not know from this one study whether photodynamic therapies alter the course of disease or provide an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent lung cancer. There is a need for more research in this area. Multicentre studies with long-term follow-up are required to find out if photodynamic therapy is of benefit. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be assessed in future trials.
We found 42 studies with 4220 participants. Most of the studies were of moderate to low quality. Sixteen studies assessed the accuracy of CDUS. We found that in an endoleak surveillance programme CE-CDUS is superior to CDUS in terms of the accuracy in identifying those with an abnormal scan. The accuracy of the results for CDUS was higher than that of the CE-DUS test. We also found that the use of contrast was better than the CDUS test in the detection of endoleaks. However, the quality of the evidence for both of these tests was low or very low due to issues in the way they were designed and performed.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomized studies of the use of sterile water to treat low back pain in labour. We found seven studies, with a total of 766 women. All of the studies reported pain relief in labour only. Methodology was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. small size of the treatment groups, small sample size, and results were imprecise). We found that the pain relief was greater in the group of women who received sterile water (from 50% to 60%) than in those who had saline (from 20% to 25%). There was no difference in the rates of caesarean section, forceps or ventouse used to treat pain (forceps or syringe), forceps used to help the baby breathe easier, or use of rescue analgesia (medicines to help with pain relief). No adverse events were reported other than short-term pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. No study reported on women's quality of life, women's sense of control in labour, satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, infant health, or costs of care. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies that investigated the use of sutures for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia. We found 12 trials with a total of 1932 participants. The evidence is up to date as of 26 February 2019. The overall pain in the glue group was lower than in the suture group by 37% (from 10 studies, 1418 participants) and the rate of recurrence of hernia was about the same (from 12 studies, 1932 participants). However, the results changed when we looked at the type of mesh used in the studies. We also found that mesh fixation with glue was better than sutured (sutured) mesh in terms of pain, length of time taken for the mesh to heal, and rate of recovery time from surgery. We did not find any difference in adverse events between the two groups. There were too few data available to be able to draw a clear conclusion on the effects of the two types of mesh. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence for each outcome ranged from low to high. The risk of bias for most of the results was high. This means that many of the studies were at high risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way they were carried out) and bias was high for some of the outcomes. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' table, the quality of evidence (GRADE) for the outcomes is moderate to low. Based on the short-term results, glue may be the best choice to replace suture for mesh for hernia repair. Glue may be a safe and safe choice.
This review found that there is a great deal of bias in most of the studies that have been done in this area. Most of them have been carried out in a way that makes it hard to be sure that their results are valid. However there is some evidence that using a 'package' of the many processes used in the preparation of many of the papers that are used in a wide range of journals does improve their use of the information on which they are used. There is not yet a clear answer as to which method is best to use.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of codeine in adults with cancer pain due to a wide range of types of cancer. We found 15 randomised, double-blind, short-term, and most of them were of short duration (from one to 21 days). There were three deaths, in all cases due to the cause of cancer pain. Most of the 15 studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. Most studies used a dose range of 30 mg to 120 mg. Most used codeine at a dose of 25 mg to 30 mg per day, and three used paracetamol (a strong pain killer that is used to treat constipation). Ten studies compared codeine to a placebo (i.e. a fake medicine made to look and taste the same as the active drug) and 14 used one or more of 16 other active drug comparators (e.g. a tablet or a tablet with no active drug). Most studies looked at the effect of a single dose of medicine, and five used treatment times of one, seven or 21 days. We did not find any data for any pooling of data. Only two studies reported our preferred measure of pain response (participants with at least 50% reduction in pain), and only one reported 'participant with no worse than mild pain'. We found that when we looked at all of the outcomes, we found that using codeine or codeine plus paracetomol was the best way to assess whether people had pain relief from cancer pain, although we did not have enough evidence to be sure of this. We also found that taking codeine was associated with increased risk of side effects such as nausea, vomiting, and pain, with somnolence and dizziness often seen in the 21-day study. We only found a small amount of evidence, which was of good quality, but small. We do not know if codeine is better or worse than placebo for pain relief for cancer pain in the long term. We need more research to find out if it is safe and well-tolerable in the longer term.
We found 12 randomised trials (studies in which a group of people is assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with a total of 563 people with sickle cell disease and HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. Most of the participants were African-American. The interventions ranged from one hour to eight weeks in length and the assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion of the program. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. There were two main outcomes that we looked at. First, there was a reduction in the rate of patients' and caregivers' knowledge of sickled red blood cell disease. Second, there were changes in the use of health services. We also looked at the number of children who used the health services and their use of the health service. We found that education programs appeared to be able to change the way in which patients and their carers cope and the way they use the health care system. We did not find any difference in the rates of people who were able to cope with their care. No study looked at whether people were more or less likely to be aware of signs and/or signs of disease-related morbidity. None of the studies looked at if people were less or the same as those who were not able to recognise signs and signs of illness in terms of self-management (i.e. when asked about their illness by the patient or caregiver). We also found that people who received the intervention were more aware of their sickle cells, and their caregivers were more likely to recognise those signs and symptoms. We do not know if education is of any benefit to patients or their caregivers. There is a need for more research in this area. We judged that the overall risk of bias was low for the reporting of study methods, unclear for the design of the study, low for whether staff knew which group the patient would be in (e.g. the control group) and unclear for whether those who assessed the outcome were aware of the group to which group (or both) and whether staff were aware that the patient and caregiver were in the intervention group. We rated the overall quality of evidence for all of the outcomes as low for patient knowledge, moderate for knowledge and low for depression.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of brivaracetam in adults with epilepsy. We found six studies with 2411 adults (aged 16 to 80 years old) who also had epilepsy that was resistant to antiepileptic drugs. All six of the trials (involving 2411 participants) were short-term (from 7 to 16 weeks) and of short duration (from 4 to 12 weeks). Only one of the six included participants with both focal (focal) and generalised (generised) seizures; the other five of the studies only looked at focal seizures. The mean age of the participants ranged from 16 to 21 years old. We judged two studies to be at low risk of bias (i.e. the true results are likely to be close to the truth), and four to have unclear risk (there was a lack of reporting of some of the results). One study failed to provide details on the method used to decide whether participants knew which treatment they were receiving (called blinding), and one study did not report all outcomes that we had planned to assess in the study plan. One of the study reports did not explain how the participants were masked from knowing which treatment group they were in (called the 'blinded group), and in one study it was not clear whether the participants and their carers knew which group the next participant would be in (known as the 'play of chance). We judged the quality of the evidence for the main outcome (seizure frequency) to be low for the reduction of 50% or greater, and moderate for the rate of freedom from seizures (the rate of participants having one or more adverse events) and the number of people who stopped treatment due to adverse events (side effects). However, when used as add-on treatment for patients with drug-resistant epilepsy, brivaretam is effective in reducing seizure frequency and can help them to be free from seizures. However, the side effect rate was much higher than the rate for those who did not have any side-effects. The side-effect rate was very high in those who received brivarateam. None of the included children under the age of 16 years old, and all six studies were of short length of study (from seven to eight weeks). This means that our findings are only applicable to adult patients with epilepsy that is not able to get out of bed when taking drugs.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomized trials of this type in any time of day or night. We found 38 studies, most of which were conducted in high-income countries. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rub virus) vaccine. We have high or high confidence in most of the results. We also have high and low confidence in some of the findings where we had low or very low confidence. This means that we are uncertain about the strength of the evidence, and that it could change if more and/or better informed parents are found. However, we have high certainty in the results where we found high certainty.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2012. We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults and adolescents with anorexia nervosa. We found 10 RCTs with a total of 599 participants. Two of the 10 trials (involving children) were small and of poor quality. The results of the review suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than treatment by focal psychodynamic therapy. This is based on only one trial. There was a suggestion in one trial that focal psychogenic therapy might be better than TAU, but this was based on just one study. There were no differences in the dropout rates (the percentage of participants who dropped out of the study) between the intervention group and the control group. No side effects of the treatments were found. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. This was due to the small size of most of the trials, the short duration of treatment and the low number of events in most trials.
We found three trials with a total of 516 participants. One of the trials was from the USA and was funded by the US National Eye Institute. The other trial, which included 94 adults, was conducted in the USA. The first trial included 151 adults who were assigned to one of two groups: the first included 151 participants who were allocated to the first group (saline or perfluoropropane gas) and the other group (involving 271 adults) was assigned to the second group (perfluropropane gas, which consisted of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil. Both of the studies were at low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to a lack of blinding of the patient and the clinician, as well as the outcome assessors, as the first study did not use a method of masking of participants and the second study used a method where both the participant and clinician knew which group the patient was in (called blinding). The use of either perfluro propane or standard silicone oil for the treatment of RPVR in most people with RPVRs was not shown to be any more or less effective than the use of heavy silicone oil (which is not available for use in the current day). Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrences of retinopathy, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis (scarring), which is a problem in the centre of the macula. Adverse events were not reported for the first two trials. For the third trial, only the total number of adverse events was reported, and adverse events for each group was not specified. The quality of the three trials was high. All three of the included in the review was high, except for one trial, in which the results of the analysis were masked from the assessors (surgeons) and participants (e.g. there were no blind eyes in the control group). The first two studies were well-conducted, and the third study was well-planned and well-run (low risk of reporting bias). We found that all three trials appeared to be free of bias. However, the first and second trials did not have a high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a high chance that the results would not be the same as the true effect would be found if the outcome was assessed in a way that did not blind the assessor) and that the second and third study were well conducted (i, e. e. they did not mask the surgeon and the patient to the group to which group each person was in; the third, in this case, we were not able to determine whether the outcomes were the same for both groups. We found no trial that used heavy or low-cost or high-cost silicone oil to treat RPVR.
We found five studies (involving 1819 women and their babies) up to date. Three of the studies were of high quality, with a low risk of bias (i.e. there was a low chance of bias due to the design of the study), while the other three were of low or very low quality. The quality of the evidence was assessed as high for the outcomes of death of the mother and the baby, and moderate for the outcome of the baby. The risk of death for the baby was low as there was not a clear difference in the death rate for the babies. The baby born to a woman who had high blood pressure at 34 weeks' postmenstrual age and who were at high risk of preterm birth (at 34 weeks) was not affected by death (from any cause) or the length of time the babies were in hospital (from birth to 12 months). However, babies born to mothers who were planned to have a caesarean birth after 34 weeks were less likely to have problems with their breathing (from three studies with 1511 babies) and to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) (from four of the five trials with 1585 babies). There was no clear difference between groups in the rate of the babies' birth, or in the time babies were cared for in hospital after birth (from one study with 756 babies). The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal mortality and morbidity), moderate (caesaren birth, time spent in hospital for the mother, and low (death and illness for the infant) for the infants.
We found six trials with a total of 142 adults and children with hemophilia. Two of the six trials (involving 179 adults) compared three-times-a-week prophylactic administration with on-demand treatment. Pooled results from these trials showed a rate ratio of 0.30 (95% confidence interval; 0.12 to 0.76) for all bleedings and 0.22 (95%), which was the best result to date, for joint bleeds. We were not able to pool the results of these trials due to differences in the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up. Three of the remaining four studies assessed hemophileptic A and B and failed to show an advantage of one regimen over the other in terms of the rate of blood loss. The fourth of the four studies evaluated hemophiliitis B and showed a lower rate of bleeds with weekly (three times a week) compared to bi-weekly (four times per week). We were unable to find out which prophilator provides the best way to prevent blood loss in adults. Prophylaxis is best in adults due to a trend to a higher rate of adverse events when used for long-term venous access. There is not yet a clear answer as to which is the best regimen.
This is an update of the original review published in 2012. We found one new study in a search of the published literature in February 2015. We included 13 studies in this update. In total, we found 13 studies (1824 participants) that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Ten of the studies (732 participants) were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s. We were not able to pool data for any of the outcomes due to differences in the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight of the 13 studies aimed to induce remission (i.e. the use of a drug to stop the growth of new lesions) of the cancer. Five of the trials aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not significant. Less aggressive treatment schedules for patients with low risk of adverse events (e.g. nausea/vomiting) seem to be the best way to manage this condition. However, we are not sure if they are the best as studies were small, underpowered and prone to bias due to the way they were carried out. We would like to see more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomized studies that compared the use of immunosuppressive drugs to prevent Rhophylac in women with RhD. We found two randomised studies (involving 447 non-pregnant women) that compared intramuscular (injection) and intravenous (IV) anti-D. One of the studies found that the mean antigens of the RhD antibody after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) IgG and 19.8 (8.7) ng/mL IM on day 7). However, from two to three weeks post-treatment, the concentrations for both routes of administration were the same for both. None of the participants in the study developed antibodies to RhD (i.e. they were given a dose of 1500 IU (300 microgram) during week 28 of pregnancy. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the trials, as the sample size was not large enough for us to be able to make a meaningful comparison of this rare event. The number of included studies and the number of participants were not large, and we were not able to assess whether there are any differences. The choice of whether the drug was used and the route used will be based on the amount of available preparations, the dose to be used, the time to give the drug and the preference of the patient. The evidence is up to date to April 2015.
Eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with type 2 or 3 diabetes mellitus were included in this review. The mean age of the patients ranged from 63 to 74 years, and the mean follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All the trials were at low risk of bias (i.e. there was a low chance of making the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was carried out). Three of the trials (involving 355 patients) compared ticlopidine to placebo (dummy pill) or aspirin (aspirin and dipyridamole). Five of the eight included trials compared clopidogrel to aspirin or aspirin and aspirin in combination with another antiplatelet drug, or aspirin with aspirin alone. All trials were of high risk of systematic error (ie, there were differences in the methods used in each trial). None of the studies reported any adverse effects of the drugs. There were no data available from any of the included trials on the effects of ADP receptor antagonist drugs on the risk of death from any cause, heart attack (from any cause), quality of life (quality of life was not assessed, or costs (costs were not assessed in any trial). Aspirin is one of the most widely used anticoagulants and so the ADP antagonist drugs are likely to be the best choice for the prevention of heart attack and stroke in patients with diabetes. However, most trials do not report outcomes for patients with blood pressure and blood sugar levels. Therefore, recommendations for the use ADP blocker drugs for the treatment of CVD in people with diabetes should be based on evidence from randomised trials.
We found 10 trials with a total of 191 adults with cystic fibrosis who were able to breathe on their own. We are not aware of any funding source as we did not find any research on this topic. We found that non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance may improve sputum clearance in adults. We were not able to find any evidence that it makes a person breathe easier to breathe at night. We also found that it may make people breathe easier at night, but we are not sure if it increases the risk of a flare-up (flare-up) of their asthma. We did find some evidence that using nasal masks to keep the airway open at night may increase the amount of air that can be breathed out during the night. However, we do not know if it reduces the rate of flare-ups or the length of time it takes for the lungs to clear the air from the lungs. One study (13 adults) found that people who used a nasal mask (mask) did not breathe as well as those who did not. One trial (27 adults) looked at the use of nasal masks for breathing at night and found that using them did not make a difference to the level of air in the lungs compared to using oxygen or room air. The quality of the evidence for most of the results was assessed by the RevMan review. Most of the studies were of low or very low due to the way they were carried out. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the findings. Some of the trials did not describe how they were run or were not well described.
This is an update of the review on nocturnal-NIPPV in COPD published in 2002. We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies on this topic in a wide-ranging way. We found seven studies on 245 people with COPD. The mean age of the participants ranged from 55 to 71 years old. The evidence is up to date as of 26 February 2015. The most recent search for studies was carried out in December 2015. We identified three new long-term studies, which we assessed in a meta-analysis. We did not find any evidence for the use of NIPPV for the treatment of patients with stable COPD at home for at least three months. The effect of NCP on the amount of air in the six-minute walk distance (6MWD) was small at 27.7 metres, and we were not able to be sure that NCP had an effect on 6MWD. However, we were able to combine the results of the other three studies and they did not show a difference between NCP at home and NMWD at any time of day or night. We were unable to find any difference in other outcome measures that we were interested in (e.g. exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, lung function, lung strength or sleep efficiency). The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was very low to low. This means that we are uncertain about the results.
We found four randomised trials, with a total of 1190 women. We were not able to blind women and staff to the induction of labour, but for other 'Risk of bias' domains these studies were assessed as low or unclear risk of bias. We found that there was no clear effect of the intervention on the rate of caesarean birth (four trials, 1190 participants) or the frequency of instrumental (forceps or forceps) delivery (four randomised controlled study involving 1190 infants). However, there was a reduction in the incidence of forceps or ventouse (shin bone) in the induction group. There was no difference between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia, low five-minute birthweight, or low arterial cord blood pH. In one study with 818 infants, perineal tears were more likely in the intervention group. The results of the GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment) tool showed that the risk of having a brachial plexus (brachial injury) was similar in both groups, although the strength of the evidence was low. There were no clear differences in the rates of adverse (unfatal) events between groups. Birthweight (mean birthweight) was lower in the induced group, and there was considerable heterogeneity in the findings for birth fractures and shoulder dystocia. Induction of labour has not been shown to change the number of women who have one baby that has an injury to the placenta due to perineum. For babies with a low Apgar (a measure of infant weight) or Apgar of less than 7.0 (which is used to assess the body weight of the baby) there was low- or very low (only two studies with 858 infants) for Apgar, and low (very low) for umbilical cord blood acid (which was assessed in one of the studies). In one small study with data for 818 babies, tears were reported more often in the control group. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of babies' weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or around the time of birth for babies with macrosomia should be discussed with parents. Although some parents and doctors may feel the use of induction is justified, others may justifitate and justifiate it. More research is required to show if induction is beneficial or not.
We found 56 randomised trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most of the participants were older than 70 years. The mean age of the trials was 77 years. Forty-eight of the studies included 94,491 healthy adults, nine of which were postmenopausal (postmenopausal) and 35 of them included older adults living on their own or in hospital. The other eight included 795 adults with a wide range of diseases (e.g. brain, heart, lung, lung and rheumatoid) and cancer. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. More than half of the included trials had a low risk of bias (i.e. less than 20 ng/mL). We did not find any difference in the effect of Vitamin D on death in subgroup analyses of trials at low risk (low risk of systematic error) or at high risk (high risk of random error) compared with those at high or high risk of error. When we pooled the results of all 56 studies, we found that Vitamin D could lead to a dramatic increase or decrease in the risk of death. Vitamin D, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not seem to have an effect on death. However, vitamin D may increase the number of deaths when used in combination (vitamin D3) when used alone (4,153/37,817 (11.0%) or 5,077/47,814 (12.7%); more than 8% of participants dropped out of the trial (8%). Vitamin D used in conjunction with calcium increased the risk for new deaths (14.0%). We found no evidence for the effects of vitamin D on cancer deaths (4 deaths per 1000 participants). Vitamin D3 is most likely to be associated with an increased risk of mortality when used as an add-on (vic D2) to increase the rate of death (1 death per 1000 people per 1000). We also found that when Vitamin D was used alone, Vitamin D seemed to increase mortality (4.4% versus 11.4%), but this may have been due to bias. We do not know if Vitamin D is beneficial for the prevention of new deaths in the next five years.
In this review, we found that fluoxetine, sibutramine, orlistat, or both were shown to be able to lose weight modestly over 12 to 57 weeks. However, the magnitude of weight loss was modest, and the long-term risks are not clear. There is a lack of data on other drugs used for weight loss in people with type 2 diabetes.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found five studies (involving a total of 734 participants) that compared VGB with CBZ for the treatment of epilepsy. We were not able to combine the results of the studies, which meant that we were unable to analyse them in the same way as we had planned. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. VGB was found to be better than CBZ in terms of the time to the first seizure, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after the use of antiepileptic drugs. In terms of side effects, VGB caused more skin rash and drowsiness, while CBZ caused more weight gain and skin rash. No difference in the risk of vision between VGB and CBZ was found. We are unable to determine whether VGB or CBZ should be used as the first choice for the prevention of seizures in epilepsy.
We found four RCTs that compared plerixafor to G-CSF in people with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these trials (involving 600 participants) were completed but did not provide any results. The other trial (included in the meta-analysis) had a high risk of bias due to not recruiting a large number of participants. In both of these studies, the participants were allocated to a group that was assigned to a treatment with platelet transfusions and a control group that received a placebo (pretend treatment). In one of the studies, 95.9% (142 participants) in the plerizafor arm and 88.3% (136) in placebo arm received a stem cell transfusion. In the other study, 90.4% (135) of (124) of the participants who had a transplant group could be used to make a platelet. None of the trials reported on quality of life of the patient or the length of time until the next treatment. The results of the analyses for all of the outcomes showed that more plersiotomies (i.e. more white blood cell transfusions) were made in the group of participants who were able to make more platelets and neutrophils in a shorter time after the donor cells were made. There was not enough information to be able to assess whether the use of plersotomies to make platelets or white blood cells increased the risk of death or adverse events. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of a review first published in 2012. We found 23 randomised studies (involving 1806 women with SUI, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both the treatment and control groups. Cones were better than no treatment, and may be as good as PFMT and electrostimulation. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Most of the studies did not look at quality of life, and no study looked at the cost of treatment.
We found eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that assessed the effects of OAT in patients with long-term anticoagulant levels in the blood. We found that OAT may have a positive effect on anxiety and depression in AF patients. The effect of self-monitoring plus education on TTR was not clear. The effect of the use of decision aids on the choice of care was uncertain. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. There is not a clear answer as to whether OAT is beneficial or not for TTR in AF participants. This is due to the low quality of evidence. Therefore, there is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found 78 trials (11,487 women) that compared prostaglandin E2 tablets, gels and pessaries (pessaries) with placebo (dummy pill) or no treatment. In this update, we added seven new trials (778 women). Two of these new trials compared PGE2 with no intervention (placebo or no intervention), four of the trials looked at the effect on the birth rates of the mother and her child, and one compared PGF2a (prostaglandins made for birth) with a control group. The review of trials found that, when given to 11,487 pregnant women with a low risk of having a caesarean birth, the chance of achieving vaginal birth was about 10% more (13.5% versus 14.8%), and the risk of the woman having a very high heart rate (4.8% compared to 1.0%) was about 4.0% (15 trials, 1359 women). The effect of the drugs on improving the health of the mothers and their babies (both in terms of birth and birth rates) is not clear. They do, in theory, increase the chances of the birth rate if they are given to women who are given the drug. However, there is a lot of variation in the methods used in the trials so we are not sure if this makes it more or less clear. The most important message is that the drugs that are used for birth control should be used with care.
This review of five trials, with a total of 247 infants, found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled bed is as good as incubator care with the same effect on body temperature and weight gain. In one of the trials that looked at the use of a heated (hot) bed, there were more episodes of high blood temperatures in the incubator group. There were no differences in the rates of breast fed on the first day of life. In the second and third week of life, there was no difference in the rate of weight gain between the two groups. However, the first week was the best time to assess if the body temperature was high, when compared to the second week. The second week when compared with the third week, the body temperatures of the babies who were cared for in the cot bed were 0.02°C warmer and 5.0°C cold. The third week when the babies cared for on a heated bed were 5.9°C hot. The fourth week when infants cared for the babies in a hot and cold room did not show any difference in body temperature. The fifth week when babies were treated in a heat-filled room with a heated mattress was the only time to evaluate if there were any differences in weight gain and death rates. None of the studies were done in developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are most likely to be seen.
This is an update of the review published in 2013. We found three studies, involving 146 participants, that compared open and closed surgery for the treatment of teeth that have been cut out of the mouth to see if there are any differences between them. The evidence is up to date as of 15 June 2015. The main findings of the study were that the open and open surgical techniques for the removal of the diseased teeth from the palate were similar in terms of how well the teeth were exposed and how well they looked after themselves. Only one of the three studies reported on the safety of the surgery. One of the studies found that surgery was not as good as the open method. One study found that the closed method was more painful for the patient. We were not able to pool data for any of the other outcomes that we were looking at (e.g. how the teeth looked, how much pain and discomfort they caused the patient), or how long it took for the teeth to heal and how they took to heal. The quality of the evidence was low. This means that we are uncertain as to whether one method is better than the other. There is a need for more high-quality research in this area. Three studies are in progress.
We found three trials, involving 244 women, that compared prostaglandins for the management of a placenta after birth to a placebo (sugar pill) for up to 12 weeks. We did not find any data on death of the mother or the need to add a drug to her uterotomies. The included studies were considered to be at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). The evidence is up to date as of 12 June 2016. The review found that there is currently too limited, very low quality, data to be able to make any conclusions about the use of prostaglanins in the treatment of a placentum after birth of a woman with a stillborn baby. There is a need for more high-quality research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomized trials of CPAP in preterm neonates up to 14 years of age. We found six studies (involving 355 infants) that compared CPAP as CPAP or CPAP applied to babies' airways. We did not find any new trials for this review update. The use of CDP in babies born before 1500 g when CPAP was used to help them breathe easier and to breathe easier when compared to babies born at 1500 g. Babies born at less than 1500 g at 28 days were less likely to be dead or to be alive at 14 years. In babies born above 1500 g, CPAP reduced the risk of death and the rate of pneumothorax (bronchopulmonary dysplasia (air in the lungs). We found no evidence that CPAP helped babies breathe when used to treat their own lungs. We do not know if CPAP is better or worse than CPAP because most of the studies were done in the 1970s. We need to find out which CPAP method works best.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found six small and/or had limited follow-up times. We did not find any new studies for the update. There are no trials in the field at the present time. The review found that foam dressings do not seem to be more effective in healing foot ulcers in the long term than other types of dressing. There is a need for more research in the area.
This is an update of the review published in 2013. We found three trials with a total of 111 participants. Two of the trials (involving 55 in the endoscopy group and 56 in the surgery group) showed that surgery is superior to the endoscopic method in terms of pain relief. One of the studies showed that surgical intervention resulted in a greater percentage of participants with pain relief and better survival of the pancreas. No differences were found between the surgical group and the endoscope group in the rate of death or in the number of deaths after surgery. Soperic surgery resulted in better quality of life and a longer time to live.
We found only one study (involving 857 patients) that was at a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and reported). The wounds were sutured after the removal of the skin and were washed and dressed before the skin was washed. There were no differences in the rate of wound infections (8.5% in the treatment group and 8.8%) between the two groups. There was no difference in the incidence of surgical site infection (SSI) between the groups. The rate of patients who developed SSIs in the first six months after surgery was 8.5%, as assessed by the GRADE method (GRADE). This means that in a group of 1000 patients who had their wounds washed and bathed at least once a day for at least 48 hours, there would be 493 patients who would develop SSIs, as compared with 442 who would have been washed at least twice a day if their wounds were washed at the same time as in the control group (Risk of bias). There is currently no evidence to show whether or not there are any benefits or harms of early or late post-sutured wounds after skin excision surgery. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found one study (involving 35 participants) that compared prednisone with no treatment. This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral dexamethasone for neuropathy Impairment Scale (a tool used to assess the effect of corticosteroids on pain) in adults. We found only one study, which did not measure the main outcome for this review (neuromodialysis. We also found one death, which was not reported in detail in the trial. After 12 weeks, 12 out of 19 people who received prednisolone and five out of 16 people who did not had any treatment (12/19) had their pain pain after 12 weeks. There was little or no difference in the number of participants who achieved remission (i.e. the rate of disability or impairment after one year), or in the change in disability or disability after 12 months (low- or very low-quality evidence). There was no difference between groups for grip strength (measured by the strength of the hands). Side effects were similar with each dose of prednison, except that sleeplessness (night sweats) was less common with the high-dose dose. We know from non-randomised studies that corticostomies are used in practice, and that long-term use can cause serious side effects. We need to know from large, well-conducted, non-blinded trials to find out which is the best way to treat neuropathy impairments.
We found six studies with a total of 2100 adults with COPD. Four of the six studies (1213 adults) compared remote check-up to face-to-face, and one study (95 adults) looked at the use of the same type of check up but in a different way. We could not say whether more adults who had a remote check up needed oral corticosteroids for an asthma flare-up than those who were seen in person when we brought up the question in one of the four studies (278 adults) that compared the two ways of checking for flare-ups (i.e. when they are seen from home or in the hospital). In the other study (1000 adults), 21 out of 1000 adults had an exacerbation that required oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 out of 100 adults who were assessed in person (95% CI nine to 139). However, we could not be sure whether the number of people who needed oral steroids was higher in the remote group because the quality of the evidence was very low (OR 1.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 7.44). There was no difference in quality of life (QoL) between the two groups. We do not know whether the more people who had the remote checked-up had more adverse events, but we cannot be sure that this would be the case because we did not see them. The quality of evidence for most of the outcomes was low or very low. This was due to a high risk of bias and a high dropout rate in four of the studies.
We found three studies with a total of 212 people with JIA. The evidence is up to date as of 15 April 2015. The studies were of mixed quality and ranged from very low quality (very low) to high quality (high) in terms of the reporting of the outcomes. The findings of the review suggest that there is a short-term benefit from exercise in the short term; exercise does not seem to cause any long-term harm. However, due to the low quality of the studies and the lack of evidence, we are not able to be sure about this. There is a need for further research in this area. The results of this review should be viewed with some caution as the results of the present review are based on only three studies, which do not have a high risk of bias.
We found 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients (inpatients), and one with ICU patients). We found low- or very low-certainty results for most of the results (i.e. we were not able to combine the results due to variation in reporting and/or reporting). We were unable to combine results for some outcomes (treatment failure, death, length of stay in the ICU), due to inconsistency in the results. We were able to pool the results of one trial (involving 93 participants) and found that the use of antibiotic in the first seven days after treatment (up to one month after treatment) reduced the rate of treatment failure from 295 to 212 per 1000, from 295 out of 212 (95% CI 165 to 277) of the inpatient group, and from 565 out of 107 (95%) of the control group (5% CI 45 to 254). There was no difference in the risk of death between the two groups. There were too few data available to be able to assess the effects of antibiotic use on health-related quality of life (a measure of a patient's well-being that is used to assess if they are well-treated). Only one of the trials (in the form of a trial) looked at the effect on the overall risk of adverse events, and found no increased risk of side effects. We assessed the quality of the evidence for each of these outcomes using the GRADE method, and we found that most of them to be of low or low. This means that we are uncertain about the results, and that it is difficult to be certain about them.
We found nine RCTs (involving 141414 adults (aged 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59) who were able to eat whole grain cereals for at least six months. We did not find any studies that assessed the effects of whole grain diets on death from any cause (heart attack, stroke, heart attack, heart surgery, or heart failure), blood lipids (cholesterol in the blood (cholesterolemia), or blood pressure (hypoglycaemia). We found no studies that compared whole grain with lower whole grain regimens. There is not enough evidence to show if whole grain is beneficial for the health of adults with heart disease. There should be more research in this area. We assessed the risk of bias of the studies using GRADE, which is a method to assess the quality of the evidence for each of the main outcomes. We found that most studies were at unclear or high risk of systematic bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was designed and reported) and were short-term (from 12 to 16 weeks). We assessed our results for the risk factors for heart disease (blood lipids and blood pressure) as low quality.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. In this update, we found one new study, which found that the use of an air-stirrup (shortwave diathermy) in the short term reduced pain and improved range of range of motion in the long term. However, it also led to more adverse events than in the control group. The use of a removable (removal of the ankle) device to allow exercise in patients with orthopaedic surgery did not seem to increase the risk of pain or increase the number of people who had pain at the long-term. There was no evidence to suggest that using an electrotherapy modality in combination with exercise was the best way to reduce pain and improve the range of movement after surgery. One study found no improvement in ankle dorsiflexion range of function after non-thermal skin skin patching. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015.
We found four randomised or quasi-randomised studies that assessed a range of strategies to increase the use of antiretroviral drugs in children and adolescents. Only one study of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. A second study of caregiver medication diaries showed that the intervention group had less missed doses (85% vs. 92%) than the control group (92% with control group, and 92% with intervention group, respectively), although this difference was not significant. The intervention did not have an effect on the CD4 or viral load of the study. A non-involving study of peer support group therapy for adolescents showed no change in self-reported adherence, but showed an increase in viral load from 30% to 80% in the group on the lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimens. A third non-participant trial found that the percentage of children with decreased viral load was greater in children on a lopinir-ripephrine-rich enzyme (LOPV) regimen than in those on the non-nucleoside (NNRTI) regimen. A fourth non-clinical study of an LOPV/R regimens for children showed no difference in adherence. However, children on an Lopinaviral regimens showed greater reduction in the amount of virus in their blood than those on an NRTI regimens, but did not show an impact on the quality of life of the children. We conclude that a home education programme for children may be able to increase their use of antiviral drugs, but more evidence is needed. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review found that fenoprofen 200 mg provided pain relief for at least 50% over 4 to 6 hours for one in six (24%) participants, and one in eight (23%) participants (17%) with moderate to severe acute pain after minor day surgery. There were too few data to be able to analyse other doses or active comparators, the time to use of rescue medication, or the quality of the trials. There was no difference in the occurrence of any adverse events. No serious adverse events or withdrawals due to adverse events were reported in the studies. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of a review first published in 2012. We found six randomised trials, three of which we found in a wide search of the literature in February 2015. Four were small (less than 25 women per arm) and three of them were of moderate to high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions). Four of the six trials were of low quality (involving less than 25 participants per arm), and the largest (the largest) found that PFMT reduced prolapse stage by 17% in the short term (up to six months) compared to no PFMT. Two of the two trials which assessed pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group. Two out of three studies which assessed urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) in favour of the PFPTM group. One of the studies showed that women who had pelvic floor muscles were stronger than those who did not have any improvement in strength. One study showed that there was no difference in the change in symptom score between groups. The other study found that pelvic floor strength was better in the pelvic floor group than in the non-pregnant group. We could not be certain about the effect of PFMT on the amount of prolapse in the longer term (six months or more), as the results of two of the trials were very imprecise and the size of the trial was too small for us to be confident about them. We need a large trial of pelvic floor exercises for prolapse to find out if they are beneficial. We also need to know if PFMT is safe to use in the long term (over six months). We found that there is a lack of information about the best way to treat prolapse and how best to best to give the best treatment. There is a need for more research in this area.
Fourteen trials (1,724 analysed participants or ears) were found that compared quinolone antibiotics with no drug or antiseptics for the treatment of patients with CSOM. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high, with most of the trials being of low or very low quality. The main reasons for this were poor reporting of the methods used in some of the studies, and not all of the outcomes reported in the same way in all trials. For example, in some trials, it was not clear if the participants knew which treatment group they were in (i.e. the control group), and in some, the participants and their doctors knew which group the participants were in. This made it hard to compare the results of the two groups. Evidence about side effects was generally weak. The most common side effect was hearing loss, which was seen in about 1 in 4 (24%) of the 14 included trials. Evidence for the use of other types of treatment (antibiotics) for CSOM was weak.
This is an update of the original Cochrane Schizophrenia test used in 2004. We reran the search in February 2015 and found one new trial. We found 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 of whom 5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of them conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's and most of them were of poor quality. Most studies did not adequately assess the methods of the FRS test (i.e. not well described) and many had high concerns about their methods. In 20 of the 21 studies, FRS was used to decide whether a person had schizophrenia or not based on their behaviour and/or their mental state. In seven of the studies, we classified the accuracy of FRS as 81.4% (80% to 87.4%) and in 16 studies as 74.7% (74% to 82.3%). In the last, but not all of the trials, we found that FRS were used to determine whether a specific group of patients with schizophrenia or a group of people with other types of psychosis would be classified as 'disease-free'. This means that around 5 out of 19 people in every 100 who used FRS in triage will be missed and will not be assessed by psychiatrists. These people will still need to be assessed and assessed by their mental health care providers. In the first, when FRS is used, around 40% of those who use FRS will be wrong, and around 40 out of every 100 people will not receive the treatment they need. Some of the people with schizophrenia will not get their planned treatment. Others, whom psychiatrists will often think are likely to have schizophrenia, could be left in care, even if they are not assessed by FRS. We still do not know when or how often FRS should be used. We hope that new tests, which are due to be used in future Cochrane reviews, will be used more often than the old test. However, we do not expect that any new study will find that the new test will find out which group a patient is in. FRS are accurate in about 75% to 95% of the time.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2012. We found 10 studies, of which 5 were new for this update. In total, 2003 children with atopic eczema (aged 3 to 18 years) received 9 education and 44 children (aged 8 to 12 years) in the first version of this review. We did not find any new studies for this updated review. Nine of the studies (2003 children) included in this update used an intervention delivered by a nurse (i.e. education by a trained nurse), and one study (44 children) used a psychosocial (self-help) approach (by a therapist) delivered by the child (e.g. self-help by a pharmacist). All of the interventions were added to the usual care for the children. The largest and most robust study (n = 992 children) found that the use of the SCORing Atopic Dermatitis Assessment (SCORing) tool (which is used by parents to assess if their child’s skin is atopic) led to a reduction in the level of disease and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. In three of five studies, which could not be combined, the objective SCORAD (measured by a tool that rates the amount of time a child spent in the atopic dermatitis care group) was better in the intervention group compared with the control group. In the largest study, parents of children under the age of 7 years (9.9%) who were enrolled in the study (8.7%) found that their child was better on all five subscales (which are used by children to assess their parents) on a scale of 0 to 5. Quality of life was assessed by the German 'quality of life in parents of the child with atopy dermatitis' questionnaire, which is a scale used by the parents for their child's level of atopic skin problems. The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was very low or low. There is a need for more research in this area. We do not have a clear idea of how best to manage eczemema in children. However, there is a lack of good quality, large-scale, well-conducted, and well-reported study.
This review of 14 trials (753 participants) found that HBOT appears to be able to improve some parts of the body's gut, neck, anus and rectum, but not all parts. HBOT does not seem to have any effect on the brain or spinal cord. There was no information on the effects of HBOT on the risk of harm to the brain (neural tissue). HBOT was not shown to cause any harm to any part of the brain. There is a need for more research to find out if HBOT should be used to treat the symptoms of LRTI.
We found 10 randomised trials (involving 2961 participants) that compared the use of blunt needles to use of sharp needles. Four of the 10 trials were on the closure of the abdomen, two on caesarean section, one on the repair of the vagina and the other three on hip replacement. The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 April 2015. The use of the blunt needles reduced the risk of finger perforation by about 0.46 perforations in a six-out-of-six (range 0.38 to 0.54) operation when used for abdominal closure. In four of the studies, surgeons used blunt needles when they compared blunt to sharp needles for the prevention of needle wounds. They reported that on the average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perfored in three operations. When blunt needles were used, they decreased the amount of blood that was lost when they were used. However, their use was assessed in five out of six studies and their use required more time and effort. The quality of the evidence was high.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotics in people with schizophrenia. We last searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in February 2015. We found seven RCTs that met our criteria for the review. The size of the trials ranged from 20 to 157 participants and the length of treatment ranged from four to 52 weeks. The results of the review show that there is no difference in effectiveness (in terms of the rate of response to treatment) and side-effects (side-effect rates) in people receiving triffluoperazine compared to those on low antipsychotic drugs. Trifluopsychotics do, in terms of side- effects, seem to be similar to other commonly used drugs in the treatment of schizophrenia. However, there is a trend for more side effects in the trif fluoride group. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. This was mainly due to poor reporting of the methods used in the included trials. Therefore, we are not able to say with any degree of certainty which drug provides the best way to treat schizophrenia.
We found nine randomised trials (involving 593 preterm infants in total) that provided some low quality evidence that preterm babies who were fed in the first few days after birth can achieve full oral feeds (up to six months of age) earlier than babies who are fed at the usual time. The quality of the evidence was low. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. None of the trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views of the intervention. We do not know if the length of time the infants are in hospital is reduced by the use of the're-as-prevented' method. This could be due to the fact that the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the time babies were in hospital. We are not sure if the time taken to make the transition from the tube to the mouth to eat is decreased by the same amount. The results of the GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment) approach is based on a set of three levels: very low, low, moderate, or high. High quality evidence means that we are very certain about the results. Very low- or very low-certainty evidence means we are uncertain about the findings. For this Cochrane review, we found some low-quality data.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of high levels of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial blood. One study with a total of 133 people found that folic acid (folic acid in the blood) improved the ABI (ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who were treated with 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) and in those who were not. The other trial with a number of 18 participants found that there was no difference in ABI in people who were given a multivitamin B (a type of amino acid) supplement. No major events were found. No conclusions can be made at this time. There is a need for further well-designed and well-conducted trials to be carried out.
Authors from the Cochrane Oral Health Group carried out this review of existing studies and the evidence is up to date up to 14 June 2014. We found only one study, which was carried out in the most deprived part of Scotland, and so we do not know if the results would apply to other parts of the world. The other study was of a fee-for-care scheme in which dentists were given a set amount of money for each year. In the first study, the dentists received a fee for every year and in the second study, dentists who were given fees for the first year each year were compared with those who were not given a fee. There was no difference in the amount of time or money made by the two groups. However, in the first of the studies, there were more fillings and extractions carried out by the dentist in the group of dentists where the fee was made. In both of the other study, there was no information about the cost of the fees made by each method. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low/very low.
We found 21 randomised trials (involving over 17,000 women and their babies) that reported on the use of zinc in preterm birth and low birthweight. The evidence was of low to very low quality. Preterm birth is the birth of the first month of life after 20 weeks of life, the most at risk of premature birth (16 RCTs; 7637 women). This is associated with low birth weight (14 trials; 5643 babies). No clear difference was seen for any of the other main outcomes for the mother or her baby (birthweight or stillbirth or neonatal death). No evidence was found for any other outcomes for women or their babies. No differences were seen in the subgroups of women with low zinc and nutrition levels or in those who were able to comply with the diet of those who took zinc. The quality of the evidence was low for stillbirth and birthweight, and low for death of the baby and birth weight. This was mainly due to the fact that most of the trials included in this review were carried out in low-income countries where perinatal deaths are highest.
We found 10 trials with 1656 participants. All of the trials used probiotics as an add-on to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month. The use of probiotics did not lead to a greater rate of long-term cure or reduction in relapse rate. We did not find any evidence for the rate to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, number of serious or non-serious adverse events, or the cost of the treatment. We found no trials that compared probiotics to other active treatments. There is a need for more research in this area. We assessed the risk of bias in all trials as low or very low.
This is an update of the original Cochrane Review published in 2014. We found seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 participants) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 February 2019. The trials were carried out in a range of countries, most of which are high-income. Two of the trials were from the USA, two from the UK, one from Iran and one from Turkey. Two trials were conducted in Germany and one each from Turkey, the USA and the Jordan. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. The results of this Cochrane review suggest that progestogens are likely to reduce the risk of miscarriage but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if the use of progestogen compared to placebo or no treatment has any impact on the rates of congenital problems (fetal or umbilical birth). The evidence on congenital abnormalities is very low because there were very few trials with very few events. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the level of the quality ranged from moderate to very low.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found five randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with a total of 9053 participants. Three of the RCTs were from the USA, one from the UK and one from Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were randomised to treatment with laser and argon laser or no treatment. Three studies were conducted in the USA and one in the UK. Four of the five studies included only people with retinopathy of the eye (proliferative diabetic retinopathies of the retina). One of the studies (involving 224 eyes) looked at the effect of adding argon lasers to the treatment of retinitis. Two of the three studies included in the review were carried out many years ago, after which panretinal photocoagulation has become the mainstay of treatment for retinosis of the eyes. At 12 months of follow-up, there was a 50% reduction in the risk of loss of visual acuity with the use of laser. There was a 20% improvement in risk of developing vitreous haemorrhage at five years. None of the trials reported on any of the other outcomes that we were looking at (e.g. quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or side effects such as loss of glaucoma). We judged the evidence for most of the outcomes to be of low or very low quality. This means that the true results may differ a lot from the findings in this review.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared CPAP or NPPV with the use of oxygen in adults with acute lung failure after lung surgery. We found a total of 269 participants. Most of them (67%) were men (67%), and their mean age was 65 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of 17 June 2016. The review found that CPAP may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (the use of nasal prongs to keep the airway open), and the length of time spent in the ICU (from 1.84 days to 1.99 days). We did not find any difference in the risk of death or in hospital length of stay between CPAP and oxygen therapy. There was not enough evidence to be certain that NPPP had an effect on anastomotic leakage (a leak in the lungs due to lack of oxygen, pneumonia, and blood), or infections. One trial of 60 adults suggested that bilevel NPP viopressure may improve blood gas levels and blood acid levels one hour after the intervention. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. More good quality evidence is needed to confirm these findings. The results of this review indicate that CPap or N PPV is an effective and safe treatment for adults with lung failure. However, based on the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method, the quality of evidence was very low. The included studies did not report on the following outcomes: gastric insufflation, fistulae (air in the windpipe), bleeding, skin breakdown, sinus congestion, oronasal dryness, and use of the ventilator asynchrony (a device that is used to help keep the heart and lungs open).
We found four trials (involving 388 women) that were assessed to be at an unclear to high risk of bias (i.e. there was a possibility of bias due to the way the trial was run and reported). A wide range of analgesic agents and method used to treat pain were assessed in the trials, and a range of methods to assess pain relief were used, which meant that we were not able to pool the results. Only one of the comparisons of diazepam with vinydan-ether (the other analgesic agent) was judged to be of the best. In the other three trials, there were no differences in the pain relief provided by the anaesthetist when the analgesic drug was compared to ketamine (vinephrine). In the fourth trial, spinal analgesia was compared with pudendal nerve block (a nerve block that blocks movement of blood from the epidural epidural. In all four trials, pain relief was assessed in a number of ways, and thus results could not be combined in a meta-analysis. In one small trial, more women in the group of women who were assessed by the physician for their pain relief (diazepam) were more likely to judge their pain control as effective than those who were given vinephrine. In a further trial, no difference was seen in the amount of pain relief assessed by women when the anaesthesia drug ketamine was given to the mother in the same way as in the control group (in both groups lignocaine and ketamine). No differences were seen for the health of the baby in any of the few neonatal outcomes that have been assessed. None of the trials reported on the safety of the mother or her baby, or on the number of deaths of the newborns. The quality of the evidence for each of the main outcomes was low or very low.
We found 15 studies with a total of 1048 people with asthma. Most of the studies were from the USA, and one study each from the UK, India, and the USA. Most studies included adults of both sexes, who were in their late 60s and in their mid-to-late 60s. Yoga was taught in a group setting, and most of them were done in groups. The yoga programs ranged from two weeks to 54 months in length of time, most for no more than six months. We found that yoga probably leads to improvement in quality of life and symptoms in the short-term. There is more uncertainty about the long-term effects of yoga on lung function and the use of medicines in the long term. No adverse events were found, but we were not able to be sure about the safety of yoga due to the lack of data. We need large, well-designed, high-quality, and large-scale studies to be able to confirm the effect of yoga for asthma.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of drugs used to treat TB in adults. We found 10 trials with a total of 249 participants. Seven of the 10 trials assessed only one drug (interferon beta-1a) and three trials assessed three or more drugs (ivIg, oxandrolone, azathioprine, and arimoclomol). We were not able to combine many of the trials due to differences in the reporting of the primary outcome of the review, which was the percentage change in muscle strength score at six months. We assessed six of the nine trials as providing very low- or low-quality evidence in favour of interferon, and we assessed one trial of methotrexate (methotrexate) (44 participants) as having no effect on the progression of TB. We were unable to draw conclusions from any of the three trials of IVIg (injective immunoglobulin (IVIg), dexamethasone (prednisone), or simvastatin (Bimagrumab) due to the lack of data. We need more trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use well-designed, standardised, and measured outcomes. All of the studies reported on side effects. Only 1 out of 10 randomised controlled trials assessed the risk of a serious side effect. None of the other drugs included in this review caused any serious side events. We are uncertain as to whether or not most of the drugs used in this study are effective due to lack of information.
We found nine RCTs (involving 3144 participants) that compared linezolid with vancomycin for the treatment of SSTIs. We found that, in the short term (three days), linezolic treatment was better than vanomycin in terms of the rate of cure rate (i.e. the rate at which the SSTI was cleared from the blood six months after the end of the treatment). There was no difference in all-cause death. There were more cases of red man syndrome, itching and skin rash in the linezoid group than in the vancycin group. It seems, from the results of the RCT, that the length of stay in hospital was shorter for those treated with linezolide than for those who were treated with vanomaycin. The average length of hospital stay was three days shorter for linezolin. In addition, the daily cost of treatment was less with the use of linezodilide than with oral linezolaride. However, the evidence is based on only one RCT with a high risk of bias. There is a need for more research in this area. We did not find any new trials for this first update of this review.
We found eight RCTs with 512 participants. The quality of the studies was variable, with some issues in the way they were carried out. We found no difference in the rates of death, morbidity, or death from any cause. Furthermore, we found that the rate of gastric emptying was faster in the PPW group. The time taken to complete the surgery and the length of the operation were similar in both groups. However, in terms of the blood loss and red blood cell transfusion rate, the transfusion method appeared to be more effective than the open method. The risk of death and morbidity did not differ at the end of the surgery. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015.
Six RCTs with a total of 1862 participants were included in this review. Five of the six trials (1962 participants) reported the risk of death; the pooled risk was 0.97 (95% CI 0.81 to 1.18). In the other trial (two trials) which assessed the effect of nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage, the pooled odds ratio (OR) for the pooled outcome (death and severe disability) was 1.59 (95%). In one of the other three trials, the mean age of the patients ranged from 27 to 31 years old. In both the other two studies, the age of participants ranged from 17 to 24 years. In one study, the median age of patients was 17 years and in the other, 18 years and 27 months. In all six trials, participants were followed up for three to 12 months after the end of the study. The results of the review indicate that calcium channel blockage is a relatively rare event in patients with a brain injury of this type. However, the quality of the evidence for this is very low due to the small number of participants and the low risk of bias in the included trials.
We included four trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three of the trials were considered to be well-conducted, with low risk of bias (i.e. there was a low chance of bias due to the design of the trial), and one of them was considered to have a high risk of systematic error (ie, there were a high chance of making the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). We found that the use of one and a half to three minutes of CPR as first-line therapy before defibrillation have the same effects on rates of return of the heart rate, survival to the hospital and the rate of death. However, we were not able to be sure that one method was better than the other because the quality of the evidence was low. No side effects were reported in the trials. We have not been able to conclude whether or not one method is superior to the other. We recommend that more research is carried out in this area.
The aim of this review was to find out if there is a way to reduce the amount of gonadotrophins and other drugs used in the GnRH antagonist and GnRHa long protocol in IVF patients who are not very good at ovulating. Only one of the trials reported live birth rates (i.e. rates at conclusion of a live birth rate). GnRH agonists differ from each other in terms of the number of oocytes retrieved and the total dose of corticosteroids used. GnRH long protocols are more expensive than GnRH short protocol and GnRH antagonists. More research is needed.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's review published in 2009. We searched for all randomised trials that investigated the effect of the intervention on the frequency of relapse or admission to hospital, or relapse events, in adults with schizophrenia. We did not find any new trials for this update. We found 53 trials, with a total of 2981 participants, that looked at the effects of the interventions on the rate of relapse and admission to the hospital, as well as the levels of anxiety and stress in the family. We also found that the number of people who relapsed and hospitalised may be reduced by the intervention. There seems to be no effect on the risk of death, but we do not know if the reduction in rates of death is an impact on the quality of life of participants or their carers. There appears to be little or no negative effects on the mental health of those involved. However, due to the poor methods of some of the studies, we are unable to be sure that the results are valid. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three trials that compared DEBs with uncoated balloon angioplasty in a total of 263 people with in-stent restenosis. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. Most people in the trials were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed up participants for up to 24 months. All three trials assessed the use of DEBs in the treatment of symptomomomoropopliteal artery. We found that DEBs are better in terms of reducing the risk of death and the rate of target lesion revascularization (the rate at which a new blockage of the artery is caused by blockage) compared to uncoaled balloons. Also, DEBs were better in improving the level of one of the Rutherford categories (which are used to assess the amount of new blood that has been pumped around the body) at six and 12 months. However, the quality of evidence for all these outcomes was very low due to the small number of studies and participants and the high risk of bias in the design of the study.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of corticosteroids in children with KD up to 12 months of age. We found 7 trials with 922 participants. We pooled the results of these trials and found that corticostomies reduced the rate of heart attack and death in the short term (six weeks), as well as the length of time it took for blood tests to normalise. We did not find any information on the long term (more than 12 months), as there were too few trials to be able to assess this. We were able to combine the findings of two of the seven trials, which showed that the incidence of heart problems in children diagnosed with KD was reduced by about 1.41 per 1000. We also found that the risk of death from any cause was similar in both groups. We only found one study that looked at length of stay in hospital, and we could not be sure that this was the best way to assess if corticoprostol worked. Evidence was considered to be of high quality for the rates of heart attacks and deaths, and of fever, rash, and the time taken for blood pressure and serum calcium levels in the blood to become normal. We downgrades the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes due to issues in the methods used in the design of the study.
We searched for studies up to June 2017. We found eight randomised studies (studies in which a group of adults (the control group) is a control group (i.e. a 'placebo group) that did not receive any treatment. We included a total of 846 women with postpartum depression, who were assessed for their anxiety, distress, and anxiety by a range of experts. Four of the eight studies (involving 168 women) assessed the use of PIP for the management of parental anxiety, and two of them (included in the meta-analysis) assessed its use for the control group. Four studies compared PIP with another PIP (one PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychosocial education, counselling, and a cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). Two of the four PIPs (in which one group (a group of women with a PIP) was compared with a group with an alternative treatment (a control group that received the PIP but did not) in the same way as the other treatment group (in this case, the alternative treatment group). We found that PIP was better than control in the following outcomes: parental depression (both dichotomous and continuous data), parent-child interaction (e.g. maternal sensitivity, child involvement and parent engagement), attachment change (insecure to secure, avoidant, disorganised, resistant, secure to safe secure, stable to safe, and stable, secure); infant behaviour and the child's cognitive development. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This was due to a lack of reporting of the methods used in the studies, the lack of precision of the findings, and imprecision in the results, and risk of bias in the findings. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found one new study in this update. In total, we found 11 studies (with 753 women) that met our criteria for the review. The low quality of evidence from six of the 11 trials (involving 519 women) showed no difference in the Apgar scores at one minute and at five hours. None of the studies reported on the levels of oxygen in the blood of the mother. The very low quality evidence from three of the included studies showed that women in labour who had more oxygen in their blood during their caesarean section had higher blood oxygen levels (three studies, 209 women), and blood pressure in their lungs (eight studies, 504 women). There was a high risk of bias in the results of the high-risk and low-risk studies. The neonatal oxygen levels in the newborn group appeared to be similar to those in the control group. Although there were higher blood gas levels for the mother and neonatal when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade of the evidence.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2006. We found twelve studies with a total of 2196 participants. We reran the search in February 2015 and found four new studies, four of which we added to the list of ‘Risk of bias' and will deal with those studies when we next searched in 2017. Six of the studies provided data on the percentage of pills taken. We combined the results from two of these studies and found that the use of reminder packing led to a decrease in diastolic and systolic blood pressure in the short term, although not in the longer term. We also found that reminder packaging reduced the amount of glycated haemoglobin in the blood which was used to make sure that the pills were used. We did not find any difference in the number of times a pill was used. In one study in which a reminder packaging aid was found to be used, patients who had low literacy levels were found to use the aid more often. We conclude that reminder packing may be a simple way to help patients take their pills as prescribed. However, more research is needed to find out how well these devices work and to assess the best way to use them.
We found 15 randomised trials (involving 11 different drugs) comparing methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxboxboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor). All trials had high risk of systematic error (ie, there were too few participants in each trial and too few events in each comparison). There were no differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. The use of trimetazidine for ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections (where the blood supply to the body is blocked due to blockage) was not shown in randomised studies. However, there is a high rate of type I and type II bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions due to the way the trial was designed and run) in these small and flawed trials. Further research is required to determine the best use of these drugs.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies that assessed the effect of risk factors on the risk of death or kidney failure in adults. We found 61 randomised, double-blind, randomised controlled trials (involving 13,327 adults) that met our criteria. We reran the search in October 2015 and found 24 new studies. We will deal with those that are new when we next update the review. This review includes 52 randomised studies with a total of 13, 327 adults, of whom at least 4499 had a blood test for kidney function. The risk of side effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This was mainly due to variation in the type of treatment, the duration of the study, and the quality of the methods used in the study. We did not have enough data to be able to analyse the effects of the risk factor on death from any cause. One study found that giving cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosfamide, or a high-dose (high-dose) drug, increased the risk for low blood sugar (hypomagnesaemia, which ranged from 13.2% to 28.6%). Three studies found that a higher body weight was an increased risk for high blood pressure (hypophosphataemia). Carboplatin and TBI were other risk factors. We were not able to combine the data from all studies due to differences in the way the study was carried out.
In this review, we aimed to assess the use of phytomedicines used to treat sickle cell disease. We found three trials with a total of 182 participants. One of these (the Niprisan®) showed that the drug was effective in decreasing the frequency of episodes of very painful sickle crises over a six-month follow-up. It did not affect the risk of death or the level of anaemia. The other trial of Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) did not show any benefit from the drug. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as there are too few participants in the trial for us to be able to draw any conclusions. More trials are required.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found three RCTs (studies in which a group of people is assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with a total of 1999 participants. One of the trials (involving 519 participants) was reported as an RCT; the other study (in the form of an abstract form) was not published. We judged the overall risk of bias in the RCT as low. Only one of the studies reported on death, and so we were not able to assess whether the participants knew which group they were in (i.e. the PET-based group or the control group). The other trial (in which 1480 participants were included) was a more complex study. In one study, participants with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis were divided into those who were selected to receive PET-specific therapy based on their PET scan. In the other two studies, participants who had a PET scan but did not have a negative PET scan (but without a PET) were assigned to a group who received only PET therapy. We assessed the quality of the evidence for death, response rate, adverse events, and QoL (QoL) as low to very low due to the low numbers of deaths and events in the trial. For adverse events only, we found that there were too few events to be able to determine whether there were any benefits or harms in the short- and long-term. However, our analyses of all three studies showed that the time to live after receiving PET therapy was shorter in those who received PET therapy (but not PET therapy) than in those receiving only radiotherapy (standard therapy). We could not assess whether PET-related death or adverse events in people with HL is improved. We did not find any evidence for any other outcome, such as the rate of response, adverse event rates, or quality of life, as none of the three trials reported these. We are uncertain as to whether people with a PET-positive prognosis are more likely to live longer than those who receive no PET therapy, as we found no evidence for this. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 31 randomised or quasi-randomized, double-blind, and quasi-blind trials. Many of the trials had small numbers of participants and many had large losses. Twenty-one of the 31 trials looked at the use of the 'dummy' method (cochrane review). Others looked at a range of other types of birth control pills, pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and an etonogestrel (epidural) method. We did not find any new trials in 2014. Most of the studies were done in the 1980s when we last searched for studies. We still know very little about many of the methods used to birth control for women who are obese. More than half of the research was done in a way that did not allow us to be sure that the methods were the same in the later years. Most studies did not have a placebo (i.e. a dummy pill) group, which means that we do not know if one method is better than the other. We found that some of the newer methods have been shown to be more efficacious than the older ones. We are not sure if they are as good as the levonorgestrel method because there were too few trials. We need new research in the next few years to find out if there are any new methods.
We found 10 RCTs involving 5549 people with hip OA. Most of the studies (9/10) were able to blind participants (i.e. those who were not aware of the group to which exercise was assigned) to the exercise or control group (6/10), which meant that we were not able to assess the risk of bias in most of the analyses. We found high-quality evidence from nine studies (549 people) that exercise reduced pain by an average of 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of pain) compared with control (4 to 11 points). This means that for 6 out of 10 people, pain was reduced by 8 points (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 12 points (NNTB 6). Only three studies (183 people) assessed quality of life, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated (SMD -0.07, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.36). Quality of life was assessed on a scale of 50 points, which is a range of 0 to 100 points in the control group, which means that people in the exercise group had 50 points less pain than those in the standard group (10 points). We found that for 5 out of the 10 studies (715 people), exercise was associated with an increase in the number of people who dropped out (6% CI -1% to 4%). There was no difference in pain or ability to do daily tasks (e.g. exercise) at least three to six months after the end of the programme. We also found that the participants who did not exercise at least as much as those who did, on average, had less pain (9 points less than 100 points less) compared to the controls (0.38 points less). We rated the quality of evidence for pain as high (high) for high- and very low (low) for low- or moderate (very low) for moderate- or very low-grade. The quality of the evidence for the other outcomes (quality of life and pain) was very low for low quality due to the lack of data.
We found nine high-quality studies with a total of 260 patients. Six of the nine studies (260 participants) assessed the effects of exercise therapy for people with MS not experiencing an exacerbation (flare-up) and found that when exercise was compared to no exercise therapy, there was strong evidence in favour of exercise in terms of the strength of the body's muscles used to move, as well as improvement in activities and participation. No evidence was found for improvement in tiredness or perception of handicap. There was no evidence to suggest that exercise was more beneficial than other treatments. None of the studies reported any harmful (adverse) effects of the exercises. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found only one randomised trial (involving 75 adults (aged 43 years and 65% female) who were randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) (n = 35) or late laparoscopy (4.2 months after the diagnosis of biliary colic) (N = 40). The trial had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions). There were no deaths in the early group (0/35 (0%) (0% compared with 1/40 (2.5%) in the late group. There was no bile duct injury in either group. The rate of serious adverse events was 0/28 (0%), which was lower in the earlier group (28 out of 40) than in the delayed group (22 out of 35 (22.5%). The other outcomes were available for 28 out of 44 (38%) participants in the treatment group and 35 out of 34 (40) in the long-term follow-up group (four months). The rates of death in both groups were 0/35 in the first group and 2.5 in the later group. In both groups, the rate of deaths was 0.99 (0.99%), which means that the true effect of the surgery could be anywhere in the range of 0/38 (2/40) or 5/41 (2%). There were none of the deaths in any of the two groups. In the control group, there were no cases of death. There were also no serious side effects in the group (68 out of 94 (68%) (4/39) (P > 0.9999). In the group of participants who had the surgery performed on earlier, 14 out of 100 (14%) participants received a stay in hospital due to the severity of their symptoms. All of these admissions were in the short-term group as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours in the pre-surgery group (14/24 hours). The percentage of people who had a serious side effect in the intervention group was 22.5%, which was more than twice as high as in the delay group (9/40; 17.1%) (P = 0.0743). The time taken for the surgery to be done was 14.8 hours less in the open group (18.02 to 11.58), which was about 14.58 hours less (MD -14.58). The number of patients who required conversion to open surgery in the emergency group was 19.0% (0%). The time for the open surgery was 17.2 hours less with the delayed laparoscope group (17.1%). The participants who underwent the surgery on the first day after surgery (14.04 hours) than with the later laparotomy group (16.58; 18.58%), which meant that the time taken to complete the surgery was 14 hours shorter (MD 14.80 hours). Based on evidence from only one high-risk trial, it appears that the number of deaths and the length of time that the surgery took to do was not as good as the time it took for the patient to be admitted to the hospital. However, there was no difference in the rates of serious side events between the groups. The quality of life of the participants was not assessed in this trial. There did not report on the participants' ability to return to work (QoL) or their ability to work in the next 6 to 12 months.
We searched for all randomised trials that assessed the effects of long-term (three or more months or more) antibiotic prophylaxis for the prevention of SSI in orthognathic surgery. We found a total of 11 randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that involved 474 participants. The evidence is up to date as of February 2017. The included RCTs were generally of low or very low quality. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way they were designed and reported), which meant that we were not able to assess most of the results. We were able to pool the results of seven of the 11 trials (involving 220 participants) and found that the risk of developing SSI was about 76% to 0.26% lower when the risk was long term (from six to 12 months). The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes. None of the trials assessed the safety of the drugs used, and so we do not know if one type of antibiotic is better than any other.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women, that was too small to show whether preterm birth at 36 weeks' birth is safe and safe for the babies born preterm. There were no deaths in the first year of life (two babies born after birth in the elective group and none in the spontaneous group), birthweight, ventilator requirements, necrotising enterocolitis and the need for repeat surgery between the two groups. None of our pre-preterm birth outcomes for the mother or the babies were assessed in the study. There was no information on the effect on the gestational age of the babies at birth. The study did not show that giving birth by caesarean was more safe and had a lower risk of having a low birthweight than giving birth preterm by forceps. However, this may be due to a trend for preterm births in babies with gastroschisisis. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, which all used paracetamol as an add-on to the strong painkillers used for pain relief for up to one week. We did not find any studies in children. All studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was run and reported). None of the studies reported any of our main outcomes: participants with pain of at least 50% and at least 30%, from the start of the study; patients with pain no worse than mild at the end of treatment; or people with pain that was of much improved or very much improved. What pain reports there were reported, when added to other painkillers, showed no difference in pain when used alone. There was no evidence of differences in quality of life, use of rescue medicines, or the amount of pain-relieving medication people used. We found no clear evidence of harm in the studies, although we could not be sure of this. The quality of the evidence was very low. This was due to the small size of studies, and the low numbers of events reported.
The review of 15 trials found that many of the drugs used in the control group did not seem to be very good at improving the size of the wet patch on the bed. However, there are some drugs that do seem to work, such as aortic acid (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) and the herbal suo quo wan (Chinese yam and bitter cardamom). There were not enough data to be sure that these are the best drugs to use. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six RCTs, with a total of 195 adults with MS, who were able to exercise at least once a week for at least 2.5 weeks. We pooled the results of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expiratory muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one of the outcomes. We found that in people with MS who are able to breathe spontaneously, there is a modest benefit in increasing the amount of air they can breathe when exercising. However, this effect was not found in people who were not able to breath at all. We did not find any effect on quality of life (a measure of a person's ability to live the way they want to breathe). We found no difference in the level of tiredness. We do not know if the strength of the breath is affected by the type of machine used to breathe. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes. This is because we did not have enough data to be able to analyse all outcomes, and some of the results were imprecise.
We found one randomised trial (involving 38 women (41 pregnancies) that compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no drug (placebo) in 26 women with ITP. The risk of thrombocytopenia and bleeding in the neonatal brain (neonatal haemorrhage and neonatal blood loss) were not reduced by the drug. The drug did not cause any harm to the mother or her child. We do not know if other drugs or procedures should be used to treat ITP in pregnant women. We need more research to find out if there are other ways to treat intrauterine inseperative thromboembolic crises. This Cochrane review is the first in a series of Cochrane Cochrane reviews on the use of drugs to treat intramusculitis. The next update of the Cochrane Review will assess the effects of other drugs in the treatment of ITP during pregnancy.
We found only one eye of each participant in our search. We found a total of 111 patients (30 in the DALK group and 81 in the penetrating keratoplasty group), which we assessed in detail. The evidence is up-to-date as of 17 June 2015. The two studies included in the review were both from Iran. The smaller study had 12 months of follow-up, in which all 77 participants were followed up for 12 months after surgery. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be stopped due to failure due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not assessed in these participants. The remaining 77 patients in the study were followed for at least three months after the surgery. The quality of the evidence was assessed as very low to moderate, as the quality was low due to a lack of detail in the methods used in the trial and a high risk of bias in several aspects of the studies. The results of the review are based on two small, short-term (12 months or less) randomised studies (involving 30 and 81 patients) that did not report any of the outcomes that we were looking for. Only one case of graft failure in a wide range of keratoconus graft failure rates was found in both groups, in both studies. No post-suture graft failures were found in either group. The use of corticosteroids to treat the grafts in both treatment groups resulted in a high rate of graft loss. The number of cases of graft rejection was similar in both in the treatment groups. In both groups of the trial, graft loss was not assessed. There were no reports of adverse events. For both types of surgery, these included post-graft astigmatism (i.e. a problem in the centre of the macula where the donor cornea comes away from the cornea) in one of the participants. In participants of DALK, one participant had interface neovascularisation (where the host and donor corneal grafts come close to each other) and one had wrinkling of Descemet's membrane (a part of the eye where the graft comes back from the inside of the skull) that was seen in one participant. In the other group of the study, there was no evidence of a difference in the rate of rejection episodes between the two groups. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were reported in both intervention groups with similar frequency. For DALK surgery, we found some evidence that the risk of rejection was more in the group of surgery where graft failure was more likely to occur after penetrating the skin after DALK than after the DAL. However, we did not find any evidence to suggest that one method is better than the other with regards to the rates of failure or death of the graft. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of iron in the management of iron-deficiency in July 2015. We found 67 trials (from 76 reports), enrolling 8506 women, that compared iron to no iron in women with anaemic or iron deficient. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate (for anaemia at the end of treatment) to high (for haemoglobin and iron stores). Only 10 of the 67 studies were considered at low risk of bias (i.e. low in risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). We found that iron is able to lower the rate of anaemia and iron levels in the blood (high quality evidence), as well as the risk of having a hard stools/diarrhoea. We did not find any evidence of an increased risk of side effects from iron. We could not be able to assess the effect of iron on the mental health of women due to the lack of data. We also could not assess the impact of iron use on the ability to use iron in daily life due to lack of results (low or very low quality evidence). We did find that iron reduces the number of women who are anaemic and iron deficient, and that iron increases the amount of iron that is in their blood (moderate or high quality data). This is most evident in the short term (three to 12 weeks), when iron is required for the rest of the day. However, iron is associated with an increased rate of side effect (low/very low). We also found that taking iron does not seem to increase the likelihood of having loose stools or constipation, although we did not see an increase in side effect rates in the longer term (eight weeks or 12 months). We do not know whether iron is helpful for the woman's mental health (cognition and reasoning), as we could not combine the results of the individual studies. We cannot be certain about whether iron helps the person’s ability to manage daily life.
We found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 April 2015. The review found no overall survival benefit of the irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine treatment over irinovirus alone. However, the quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate. Adverse effects were assessed to be low to moderate. Given the low quality of the evidence, we were not able to assess the risk of bias in the studies.
This review found that a transverse incision is less painful than an oblique incision and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). There was no evidence to suggest that the analgesia use or the amount of pain caused by the surgical incision (such as the use of painkillers) may be reduced. The risk of wound rupture (when a wound fails to heal) appears to be lower with a transveteral incision. There were no differences seen in other early or late post-operations with regards to the rates of other post-operative adverse events although the transvertebral incision may look better. The best incision for abdominal surgery still remains the choice of the surgeon.
We included a total of nine RCTs (981 adults with subacute low-back pain of less than 5 cm (i.e. pain of walking, tiredness, or tiredness from work). The mean age of the participants ranged from 32.0 to 43.7 years. Five studies were from Europe and four from the USA. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015. In MBR, we found that when MBR was compared to usual care, participants who received MBR had less pain and less disability, and more return to work, at 12-month follow-up. However, we did not find any difference in pain, disability, or time away from work when we compared MBR to other treatments (e.g. light exercise, education, exercise, and counselling). The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms of how well MBR worked in the short term (up to 12 months), with effects for work-related outcomes in the moderate range. None of the studies looked at the effect of MBR on adverse events, and so we do not know if MBR is safe for the patient. We assessed the risk of bias in all studies as high or very high. All of the trials were judged to be at high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way they were designed and reported), bias due to imprecision (due to the low- or very low-quality of the results), or due to the way the outcomes were assessed. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we are uncertain as to whether MBR should be used in clinical practice.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomized trials of bisphosphonates in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. We found 18 studies with a total of 4843 participants. Bisphosphoneates are used to treat a wide range of cancers, such as colorectal, oesophageal, ureteropoietic, and uveteric cancers. We were able to combine data from nine of the 18 studies (involving 2450 participants) and found no clear difference in the proportion of men with pain between those who received bisphosonates and those who did not (low- or very low- or moderate- or low- and very low quality evidence, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results). Bisptomies are used in about 1 in 6 men (17%) with prostate cancer metastatic to the bone, and in about 2 in 6 (30%) men with coloma metastasis to the bones. We also found that people who received Bisphosporinate probably have more nausea (nausea) and renal (kidney) adverse events (low quality evidence). We found no differences in the risk of death or the rate of osteonecrosis of the jaw (a problem in which tumour recurrences are more likely to occur in people who have a tumour that has spread to the brain, but which does not respond to treatment). We did not find that there was no difference in quality of life (measured by the use of analgesic (pain-relieving) or in the amount of pain-relieved analgesic consumption (e.g. less painkillers). We were not able to analyse the quality of the evidence for the other outcomes because we were unable to extract any data from the meta-analysis because the results of the analyses were too imprecise.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials that compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in patients with relapsed leukaemia. We found five trials with a total of 1093 patients. Four of the trials were in patients who had not received any treatment (1093) and one trial in relapsed patients (70). All of the five trials were judged to be of high quality. All of them were well designed and had a low risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a potential bias in the method of analysing the results). We found that HDT plus ASCT is better in terms of overall survival (OS) and time to death (time to death) in people who have relapsed. However, we did not find any difference in the rates of adverse events or in the rate of tumour recurrences (ie, there were few adverse events in the HDT group). For patients who relapsed with a low white blood cell count, there is some evidence (one trial) that adding rituximab (a new anti-Leukaemia drug) to ASCT reduces the risk of death and cancer recurrence compared to the control group (70 patients). However, no results were found for relapsed lymphoma. In the other trial (70 participants) there were no results for adverse events, cancer recurred in any of the two treatment arms. The quality of the evidence is moderate.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's review published in 2012. We found 15 trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia, most of which were of short-term in length (12 weeks). We found that WDD is often used as an add-on to other antipsychotics and is most often used in combination with an antiepileptic (cholorpromazine, risperidone, pramipexole, escitalopram, sertraline, tamoxifen, ketorolac, paroxetine and tizanterol. We did not find any data on quality of life of patients, the use of hospital services, or the cost of care. When WDD was compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine (2 RCTs n = 140, RR 0.18 95% CI 0.98 to 1.43), there was no difference in global or mental state. However, WDD may be associated with fewer side-effects when used with an anti-psychotic. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. When we compared WDD with an antipsychoid, there were more side-side-effects for global and mental state and there were fewer side effects when we added WDD to an antiviral drug. However when we combined WDD plus an anti/pharmaceutical, there was a lower rate of side-effect when we compared them to antipsychosteroids alone. The evidence was of low or low quality for most outcomes.
Authors from the Cochrane Oral Health Group carried out this update of the review. The search was carried out in 2013. We found three new randomised trials (RCTs) (with a total of 799 participants), which we assessed in a meta-analysis. None of the RCTs reported on root resorption. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand and superelastic tooth wires are used to hold teeth in place. 2. One type of tooth wire (single-strand) is used. 3. One class of tooth (frosted) wire is used to make sure that the tooth is still in place when a new one is added. There is not enough evidence to show whether there is a difference in the rate of tooth alignment (the rate at which the teeth are held in place) when multistrand or supererelastic teeth are used. However, there is some low- to very low-certainty evidence that the use of a new tooth wire can increase the amount of tooth that is pushed up at day 1 (based on a chart of the neck of the mouth). There is no evidence for whether any particular type of new tooth is superior to any other in terms of how well the teeth hold in place (or pain) when compared to those that are used as the'sham' wire. There was only one RCT in each group. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low (for risk of bias) to high (for quality of evidence).
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised research on this topic in any time of day. We found only one study (involving 306 people with a mean age of 86 years old) that assessed the effect of behavioural change in older adults (over 65 years) with Alzheimer's disease. The study was carried out in 16 nursing homes in France. Behavioural change was assessed using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale, the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item, and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item). For the CMAI, we found a range of 29 items that were assessed on a seven-point scale (ranging from 1 to 203, with a range from 29 to 203 for each. For the NPI, the range was 9.59 points, which was the same as for the other four domains: Physically non-aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items per item per item), Physal Non-aggression Behaviour (where a word or action is used three times a week for four or five weeks), Physally Aggressive Behbehaviour (behaviour where a word is used eight or nine times per week for five or 10 weeks), and Verbally Aggression (when a new item is used for one or two or more weeks). We found that all three scales showed an improvement in the behavioural change of the participants in the control group. Using GRADE guidelines, we assessed the quality of the evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and imprecision of the results.
We found 13 trials with 1316 adults, most of whom were living in nursing homes or hospital, who were incontinent for urine, stool, or both. Eleven of the 13 trials had a small sample size and short follow-up (up to 28 September 2016). Nine of the trials (involving 1316 participants) looked at the use of topical skin care products, and one of them looked at how often and how often they were used. Two of the studies (both of which were small and short-term) found that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD in adults. One of the other study found that use of a skin cleancer might be more effective than use of soap. No trial reported on the number of people not able to use the products or on side effect rates. We found that using a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be better than not use of these products. No evidence, of low to very low quality, was found on the effectiveness of any of the measures used to prevent or treat IAD. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of antiviral agents (drugs that reduce the spread of virus in the body) in acute IM up to June 2015. We found seven RCTs with 333 participants. The antivirals used in the trials were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycluir. The participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The type of treatment, route through which the antiviral was given and the length of treatment ranged from 20 days to six months. All of the trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was carried out) and so the results should be assessed with caution. There were two of the 12 results that favour antiviral treatment over control. These are the time from onset of treatment to recovery (the time from first day to the time the patient was assessed by the physician) and time from the first day of therapy to the last day of the study. There was no difference between antiviral therapy and control groups for all other outcomes. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was reduced while on antiviral use, but this was not sustained when the treatment stopped. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of the antivirus agents in the treatment of acute IM. The quality of the evidence is very low. This is due to the low. Further research in this area is needed.
This review looked at four studies with a total of 2250 participants. Insulin glargine was dosed once a day in the evening. In three of the trials (involving 13.6% to 57.2%) insulin detemir was injected twice a day, once each day, for two to four weeks. The results showed no difference in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar) between the treatment groups. In one of the four studies, the quality of life of the patients was not assessed. Only one study assessed the effects of the drugs on health-related quality of the life of patients and did not find any difference between the two groups. To achieve the same blood glucose levels in 24-hour periods as in the day, there was no significant difference in the level of glucose in the blood or in the body weight between the intervention groups.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. In this new review, we assessed the effects of SNS for unfecal incontinence in adults. We found six randomised controlled trial (RCTs) conducted by Leroi, Tjandra, Kahlke, Vaizey, Sørensen, and Dinning. In the RCT by Tjori, 53 participants with severe unfecicomatoma in the SNS group in the 'on' group and the 'off' group who did not receive SNS were compared to the control group who were not able to use SNS. SNS was compared with the percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) in the first three months after the device was placed. Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%), and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the parallel group trial by Thin, 15 participants with unfecomatomies in the on-wound group who received SNS in the one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ time (1) during the first week after insertion of the device and in the following three months (3 months) were assessed: mild ipsilateral leg pain during a short test (1), and pain following the insertion of a new device (2). In the crossover trial by Lercrei 7 of 34 participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to adverse events. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still not aware of the time in which they were receiving SNS (the 'on or 'off') and 24 of the 27 participants who were still knew which time they were using. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning with 59 participants, SNS did not increase the frequency of bowel movements. Side effects reported in the trials were: haematoma (i.e. growth of soft spot in the abdomen; and pain at the site of the implant. In two of the two participants who used SNS, the participants had an average of only two bowel movements per week in each week. Abdominal pain and bloation were the main side effects. No adverse events were found. In both RCTs, we found that SNS does not seem to increase the number of episodes of unfeces. However, we do not know if SNS should be used for all patients due to the lack of response to the use of antibiotics. Further research is required to find out the best SNS time to use. The evidence is up to date to June 2015.
The review of two well-designed trials (involving 190 children and adults) found that molar tubes that were used to treat tooth decay at the lower end of the mouth were more likely to fail at first attempt than those that were fixed in place with a light-cured adhesive. There were no reports of any side effects from the use of molars.
We found 66 articles (published from 1988 to 2012) that were eligible for this update. We found 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were assessed by EUS. The search is up-to-date as of 26 April 2015. The quality of the evidence was good: in particular, only five studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance that the true effect would be found out early in the EUS test) and in one study (involving 3321 patients) there was an unclear risk of selection bias (ie, there were a high risk that the decision about whether or not to use EUS was made based on the accuracy of the test (e.g. whether the test was positive or not). We found that in the first stage of gastric carcinoma, when EUS is used to assess the presence of cancer in the colon and colorectum, the risk of finding a new cancer was 0.86 (95% CI 0.81 to 0.90) and 0.95 (CI 0.93). For first stage gastric tumour (T1 to T2) EUS can be used to determine if there is a new tumour, but we must be aware that in this stage EUS does not rule out a new tumor. We also found that when we looked at the level of accuracy of EUS, we found that EUS might be useful to guide physicians in the staging of people with tumours in the locoregional stage. However, we need to be cautious when using EUS for the diagnosis of new tumours. We must be able to combine the results of all studies in a meta-analysis (meta-analysis, which means that we are able to draw a conclusion about whether EUS should be used in the management of new gastric cancers. We were not able to find out how EUS compares with each other in terms of quality of life, as we did not find any consistent source of bias in most of the studies. We need to know more about the best way to assess EUS accuracy.
We found six trials at high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of play of chance (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and reported). The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean age of the participants ranged from 40 to 47 years. In one of the trials, there were no deaths in the short-term (less than six months). In the other trials, no deaths were reported. There was no difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 patients in the day-surgery group and 1/200 in the night-time group). There was also no significant difference in quality of life (measured by the patient on a scale of 0.11; 95% CI -0.11 to 0.10). There were no differences in pain, time to return to normal activity, or the time to get back to work. No difference was seen in the number of patients who were readmitted to hospital (by the same method as in the overnight stay group) or in the percentage of people who were admitted to hospital for any reason. No differences were seen in hospital readmission rate (6/225 (6.5% with day surgery and 5/154 (3.2%) with night surgery and in the rates of hospital readmissions (5/136 (4.5%) with day surgical surgery and 3.2% with the night surgery group). None of the six trials reported any long-term deaths. In summary, laparoscopy laparoscopic cholecystectomy is just as safe and safe to use in laparoscope for the treatment of gallstones. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found eight studies, with 2488 participants, which are two more than the six that we found the last time we searched for studies (2011). We found that high-concentration topical capsaicin used to treat pain after herpetic neuralgia, pain after painful HIV-neuropathy, and pain due to diabetes is as good as other medicines in terms of pain relief. About 10% more people reported that their pain was reduced by at least 10% at both 8 and 12 weeks, when treated with high-calciferol. This was about the same as when they were treated with placebo (i.e. a 'dummy' medicine). For pain after a herniorrhaphy hernia, we found four studies with 1272 participants. At 8 weeks, about 10 more people out of 100 who received high-cost, high-quality capsaicIN reported their pain as low as 5.0 points on a scale of 0 to 12 weeks. In the 12-week treatment group, about 1 in 4 (10%) more people who used high-colour, low-calcerol/capicol, or both, had their pain at least 50% less than those who used placebo. For pain caused by HIV, we only found one study with 46 participants. We found no deaths, and no deaths were judged to be related to the studies. We downgraded the quality of the evidence from high to very low due to a lack of data, imprecision, small study size, and risk of bias.
This is an update of a review published in 2013. We found three trials (involving 6343 participants) that compared carotid angioplasty to see if it reduced the risk of stroke in people having a stroke. We did not find any difference in the rates of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. However, we found that surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis, but did not increase the risk in those with 30% to 49% stenitis. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% to 69% stenotic stenosis (moderate-quality evidence), and highly beneficial for those with 70% to 99% stenogenic stenosis without near-occlusion (high-certainty evidence). We found no benefit in people with carotirium (a narrowing of the artery that prevents blood flow to the brain).
We searched for all randomized and non-randomized studies that compared one method of stoma formation with the other. We found only one randomized trial (RCT) that compared the use of one method over the other (the transrectal method). Ten non-RCTs with a total of 864 participants were included in this review. The evidence is up-to-date as of December 2018. The results of the RCT were inconclusive for the rate of herniation, the rate at which the stoma was formed, and the rates of the development of ileus or stenosis. The RCT did not assess other stoma-related morbidities, or mortality from stoma placement. However, the trial did assess the participants' quality of life, which was not one of our main outcomes of interest. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all outcomes. This was due to the lack of high-certainty of the results. The available low- and very low-quality evidence does not allow us to be certain that one method is better than the other, and we are uncertain as to whether one stoma method is best.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found four new trials in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in December 2012. The review now includes 24 studies, with a total of 2126 participants. We did not find any difference in the rates of relapse (the rate at which a participant relapses) when we looked at the main outcomes of interest to this review (relapse rates (4 RCTs, 306 participants) and improvement in mental health (1 RCT, 45 participants) between those who received supportive therapy and those who did not. However, we found that other psychosocial (psychosocial) and cognitive behavioural (CBT) therapies seem to be better than supportive therapy in terms of reducing the rate of relapse, improving mental health and quality of life. There were too few studies to be able to assess the effects of supportive therapy on relapse rates or mental health, although when we compared them to CBT, we again found no difference between them. We also did not have enough information to be sure that supportive therapy was as good as other treatments. There is a need for more research in this area. Overall, the quality of the evidence was very low.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of non-steroidal anti-cancer analgesic drugs in adults with cancer pain of at least moderate or severe. We found 11 studies, most of which were short (one or two weeks), with a total of 949 participants. Most were of low or very low quality, which means that their results may not be valid. Eight studies were of high quality, and eight of them were of moderate or low quality. We were not able to analyse the use of NSAIDs in the same way as we would have liked, as most of the results were imprecise and reported in a way that meant we could not compare them with each other. Withdrawals due to lack of efficacy (24%) or due to side effects (5%) were reported in 24% to 51% of people in each study. The most commonly reported side effects were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). There were no deaths. There is very low- or low-quality evidence that some people with moderate or moderate cancer pain can obtain substantial levels of benefit from using NSAIDs alone or in combination in one or only one or three weeks. This means that we are uncertain as to whether NSAIDs are safe for use in the three levels of the three- step of the WHO cancer pain ladder.
We found one study (involving 253 participants) that compared low-molecular-weight heparins with a placebo (i.e. a fake medicine) and found that tinzaparin reduced pain at both day two and day three, and at day 4. This means that at the end of day three the pain was much less than in day 2 and 4 in the group of the placebo group. In the dalteparin group, pain was less at day one than in the control group at day 2. After one day pain was more at day 3 in the tinzapyarin group and after one day in the dummy group. There were no reports of any side effects in either group. The quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. The most important reasons for downgrading the quality were serious risk of bias and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events).
We did not find any randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with antplatelet drugs and so there is no evidence to support their use for the treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissection. There were no included non-randomised studies in this review.
We found 26 RCTs with a total of 2066 patients. Thirteen of the 26 trials (involving 2066 participants) looked at the use of topical silver (in a range of forms, including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream, dressings, and dressings. One of the silver dressings (silver nitrate cream) showed fewer infections with silver nitrate when compared with a non-silver dressing, but three of the trials (three) showed more infection with the silver dressing than with the non-gold dressing. Six studies (in total, in which there were nine dressings in total) compared a dressing made from a silver preparation (salt and/or hydrocolloid cream) with a dress. Six of the six trials compared a silver cream made from the same dressing as the dress. One showed less blood-stained dressing with silver, but the other five found no evidence of a difference between silver cream and the dressing. Only one of the two silver-containing dressments, silver-coated gauze (acticoat®), showed a lower risk of infection than silver nitral dressing. There is not enough evidence to be able to establish whether or not silver-based dressings or topical agents help to heal wounds.
We found 12 studies with 3571 adults with VAP. All studies looked at the use of one antibiotic class (carbapenems, tigecycline, imipenem-cilastatin, cetiedil, carbapenem, or nifedipramine for the prevention of VAP in adults. We did not find a difference in all-cause mortality (death from any cause), the length of stay in the ICU, or adverse events (side effects). We found that we could not determine the best antibiotic class for VAP because we did not have any randomised trials. However, we found that using one antibiotic for each class may be better in terms of reducing the risk of death, the rate of side effects, and the time spent in ICU. We assessed the quality of evidence for side effects to be low. This means that we do not know if side effects are more likely with one antibiotic than with the other.
This is an update of a review published in 2012. We found 12 studies (12 of which we compared policies for 11 classes of drug class. Most of them were of high age, most of whom were middle-aged or low, and most were low-income. We found that policies for all classes of drugs vary widely, as does the extent to which they are implemented and whether they are maintained or relaxed. This means that we were not able to combine the results of many of the studies. The effect of policies on the amount of drug used and the use of other health services ranged from a 2% to a 10% increase in the cost of each drug. When policies are implemented for specific drugs, such as the so-called gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, the amount spent on drugs decreased, as did the number of people who used them, up to two years after the policies were implemented. However, when the price of the drugs was compared to other services (e.g. outpatient care), the price decreased with less use of some of the other drugs. Also, the price increased for some drugs (such as antihypertensives and statins). The price of other drugs decreased when the prices of these drugs were decreased. The cost of the rest of the health services was not increased. We did not find any effect on the quality of life of people receiving the drugs or their use. The quality of the evidence for all of the studied was very low.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We searched for all relevant Cochrane Reviews of one-to-one OHA method for the prevention of gingivitis in 2013. We found 19 studies with a total of 4232 participants. The evidence is up to date at 19 February 2015. The available evidence was of very low or very low quality. There were a wide range of interventions, methods of OHA and the way each was assessed. There was very low- or low-quality evidence that any form of one to one OHA is better than no OHA. There is not enough high- or high-quality data to be able to recommend any method as being better than any other method. More research is needed.
This is an update of a review published in 2012. We found five studies (30 and 49 people) of oral steroids or placebo; one study (40 participants) of a no-treatment control group that did not receive any treatment; one trial (28 adults) of two oral or intra-articular steroids; and one study with 32 adults who had adhesive capsulitis of the armpit area (surgery to move the head down from the neck down to the front of the neck) with a 0 to 100 point range of pain of 2.7 points on a scale of 0 to 10 points for pain, range of range of movement of the shoulder and pain, and for shoulder pain of 23.3 degrees (95% CI 11.3 to 35.3). One study (30 adults) found that oral steroids reduced pain by 48% more than placebo (i.e. a fake pill) in the short term (two weeks). However, benefits were not maintained at six weeks. A second trial (30 adult) found no difference in pain or range of strength of the arm. A third trial (40 adults) showed a rapid, short-term improvement in pain when oral steroids were used. In the longer term (up to five months), oral steroid use did not change the amount of weight gained by the end of the first week. There were no reports of any side-effects from the use of the drugs. We assessed the quality of the evidence for each of the five studies as low to very low. Only one of the trials was of high quality and the other four were of low or very low quality.
The objective of this review was to assess the effect of TMS in people with ALS. We found three randomised trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. The quality of the trials was poor, with a high drop-out rate and a high rate of loss to follow-up. The number of deaths was not reported. None of the three trials reported any side effects of the TMS used in the trials. There is currently not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the use of TPS in ALS. More research is needed.
This review of 10 randomised trials (involving 1049 participants) found that starting with prednisone at a dose greater than 0.75 mg/kg per day did not add much benefit to the control of the disease, although starting with a dose of prednisolone did not cause any more side-effect. There is a need for more research to find out if adding plasma exchange, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil or tetracycline or nicotinamide to prednisosone is an effective way to control the symptoms of BP.
Seventy-five trials, with 7957 participants, were found that compared herbal medicines with no herbal medicine in 65 trials. Herbs were used to treat a wide range of symptoms in a range of settings, such as at home, in both men and women. All the herbal medicines were assessed in the same way, in which they were compared with a control group (placebo (pretend treatment), or with the same herbs used alone (proton pumpinol (PUP). Herbs used in the herbal medicine appeared to be safe and well-treatable. Some herbal medicines may be beneficial for the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, some herbal medicines should be used with caution due to the low quality of the trials.
We found 22 randomised studies of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a total of 12,400 women. Most of the studies were of poor or very old. We found that LNG is a safe and efficacious method for birth control. Most women liked the pericoital method in spite of frequent problems with the method. LNG works best when used in combination with other methods, such as the pill, IUD, or with a placebo (i.e. 'dummy pill'). Most studies did not use the same LNG in a way that would make it easy for them to compare LNG to other methods. The LNG used in most studies was levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG at a dose of 5.0 mg (4 trials), and other hormones other than LNG (7 trials). The methods used to determine whether LNG worked were not as well as LNG alone. However, LNG does not seem to be as good as other methods of birth control, and most of them were not done very well. Other hormonal drugs such as misoprostol and tamoxifen did not have very good results. Most side effects were mild and not well reported. Most studies reported on the use of the LNG method decades ago, which is why we do not know if it is better or worse. We considered the quality of the evidence to be moderate because of the large number of people in the studies, the low birth rates, and the consistent results across studies. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the effects and the safety of LNN as a primary method of birth care. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may lead to a change in the current World Health Organization (WHO) advice and the way in which it is marketed.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found 14 new evidence in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in February 2015. We included 15 studies with a total of 561 participants. The age range of participants in most of the studies was limited to teenagers or young adults (12 to 54 years old), although in two studies the age range ranged from 12 to 54. Most of the participants were male (98%), although there were more women in some of the trials. The findings of this update are based on 10 studies with 407 participants. All of the evidence was rated by the authors to be of low or very low quality. Ten of the 15 studies were funded by the company that makes the headgear used in the trial. The funding source for the other two studies was not specified in one or more of the study reports. The quality of evidence for the outcomes of mesiodistal movement of the upper first molar teeth was very low to high. This means that results should be viewed with some caution. There was evidence that the use of surgery to increase the amount of firmness of the back teeth when used to hold the mouth in place for the first time is more effective than using a conventional device for the same reason. The use of a small-screw is most effective for the stability of the teeth, with results from mini-scotches being the most promising. None of the included study reports reported on harms of surgery. No adverse effects of surgery were reported. The available for this Cochrane review were limited.
We found 47 studies (39,820 participants) that compared statins with placebo or no treatment in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to combine results from 38 of these studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the studies was high. We found that statins reduced the risk of death, heart disease events, and death from any cause by 20% in people not on kidney transplantation. We did not have enough data to be able to determine whether or not statins had an effect on the rate of heart attack or stroke in people who had CKD. We also had too few results to be certain about the effects of statins on risk of heart attacks and deaths in patients who did not already have heart disease. Evidence for the effect of statin therapy on stroke and kidney function was very uncertain. We had not found any evidence for the benefit or harm of the use of a statin in people with early stages of heart and blood lipids.
We found nine studies with a total of 379 children and adults with cysts in five of the studies and osteogenic imperfecta (i.e. soft spot in the centre of the oesophagus) in the other four. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were parallel designed RCTs. Only one of the trials (involving over 100 children) looked at the use of painkillers for pain in the first six months after treatment. Only three of the nine studies assessed the painkiller baclofen (two alendronate and one pamidronate) and all of the other three assessed the analgesic dexamethasone (two botulinum toxin A). Five of the eight trials assessed the effect of bisphosphonate (two pamodialysis) and two botronium (an antiepileptic) for pain. Only two of the three studies on the painkillers baclopramide and botronum- toxin A found that pain was lower in the group of children who received these drugs compared to the control group. At the same time there was no difference in pain between the two groups in one study on the other trial. In one trial there were eight serious side effects in those who had received the drugs; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. No adverse events were found in this trial. The quality of the evidence for pain was mixed. We were not able to determine the best analgesic for painkiller for pain relief in children with a cysts on the neck and in the armpit area due to cysts caused by cysts. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the review published in 2012. We searched for randomised and quasi-randomised trials (RCTs) on the use of latrepirdine in people with AD. We found seven RCTs with a total of 1697 participants. Three of the studies (1243 patients) were on the effectiveness of latropirdine for the treatment of AD, and four studies (1034 patients) assessed its use for the control of behaviour and side-effect rates. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. We did not find any trials on efficacy (i.e. how well the drug worked and how well it worked well in the control group), side-effects (ie, side effects or dropouts due to side effects), or on the amount of time a patient spent in the immobile (e.g. asleep) room. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to high. The main reasons for downgrading the quality were imprecision (small sample size) and inconsistency (variation in results).
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials of RIC in people with ischaemic stroke up to July 2017. We found seven trials, with a total of 735 participants. We assessed risk of bias in six of the trials and judged the risk of risk as low for most of the outcomes (i.e. low risk of systematic error (ie, bias due to the way the study was carried out) in one of the studies. Risk of bias was low in four studies and unclear in three studies. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all the outcomes. We included three trials (involving 371 participants) in our analyses of the effects of using RIC on the prevention of ischaemia stroke. In people with symptoma intracerebral artery stenosis, RIC reduced the number of people having a further stroke by about 0.32% (from 182 to 0.83). In participants with carotid stenosis (blockage of the artery that causes blood clots in the legs), RIC did not decrease the rate of a new stroke by as much as 0.24 mL (from 1.02 mL to 1.54 mL per mL of blood per year). There was no difference between RIC and non-ric for reducing the severity of stroke. The risk of death rate (the rate of death) was twice as high in the RIC group as in the non-RIC group (from 285 to 285). No one experienced death or heart events (such as heart attacks or strokes due to heart problems) during the period of the study. No severe side effects were reported in the seven trials. No trial reported on the benefits or harms of the treatment. The evidence for most outcomes was of low to very low quality. The main reasons for this were imprecision in the results of the analyses were that the results were not similar across the trials.
We found six studies, with a total of 204 preterm infants. We found low- or very low-certainty evidence that the use of protein in multi-nutrient fortifiers increased rates of short-term rates of weight gain, length gain, and head growth. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold (the thickness of the skin that surrounds the baby in the womb) between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. We did not find any evidence of an effect on long-term growth, body weight, or body weight and height. No data were available about the effects of protein intake on brain weight, height, weight, and weight gain. Very low- and low-quality evidence did not show that using protein in mult-nutrients increased the risk of feeding intolerance, or the rate of necrotising (disease of the gut) enterocolitis. No evidence was found about the effect of protein use on body weight or height. We do not know from our review whether protein use is still warranted in low-resource settings, as none of the studies were conducted in these settings. We are not able to make any conclusions about the effectiveness of using protein as part of single-nutrate fortifiers, as we did not have sufficient data to be able to analyse the effects on the length of time the infants were in hospital, the body weight of the infants, and height, and the blood urea levels. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies of PEMs in the management of health care. We found 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. The findings of this review suggest that when used on their own and compared to no intervention, PEMS may have a small positive effect on the care that physicians provide. There is not yet a clear answer as to whether they would have the same effect when used in combination, or when used as part of a multifaceted intervention. We were not able to find out whether they had an impact on the quality of the care given to the patients.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We found 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed a range of STIs, most of which were about HIV and chlamydia. Most of the RCTs were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. the USA). They varied in the length of the STIs that they looked at (i.e. six or 12 weeks) and the ways they taught the youth their STIs (i/e. how safe they were; for some they taught safer sex skills; for others they taught them to be more aware of their own STIs and how to use the condoms in their own time. We did not find any evidence that any of the studies were at risk of bias. However, a lot of the results were imprecise due to poor reporting of the methods used in some of the trials. We recommend that more research is carried out in this area.
We found twenty studies with a total of 2337 participants. Nineteen of the twenty-one studies (involving 2337 adults) looked at brief education about drug use in the short term (three weeks or less), in the medium term (up to three months) and in the long term (at least three months). One of the studies looked at short-term advice on how to use a brief-term'short-term' approach (from 10 to 20 weeks). We found that brief psychosocial education appears to reduce the rate of relapse in both the short and long term, and helps people to take their medicines in both short- and long-term. We did not find any difference in quality of life between the groups, nor in the risk of death. We are not able to either confirm or refute the use of brief education for the short or long term for drug use due to the low quality of the evidence available.
We found 11 studies with 9839 people with COPD. Most of them were of moderate to severe COPD, who had not had any flare-ups in the past year. We found that LAMA+LABA has a lower risk of having an exacerbation (flare-up of COPD) compared to the LABA+LBA arm, with a greater risk of death, and a greater rate of improvement in quality of life. The LAMA group also had a higher rate of exacerbations, while the LBA group had a lower rate of death. Our findings are based on low or very low quality evidence, which is based on only one large study with 37% of participants. All but one of the studies were sponsored by the manufacturer of the LAMA drug that was used in the study. The unsponsored study was at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the lack of blinding of participants, researchers, or both).
We found three studies with 91 children between 6 months and 4 years of age who had croup. Two of the studies were from the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study from Spain). All three studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen (70% heliox and 30% oxygen) given for 20 to 90 hours. The other study, which was from Spain, involved 47 children who had mild croup (0.3 mg dexamethasone) for 60 to 60 hours. We did not find any new studies for this update. We assessed the effects of heliox at 20 and 60 minutes. Heliox may not be better than 30% of children at 20 minutes. There may be no difference between groups at 20 or 60. Children treated with heliox may have slightly better croup scores at 60 hours, but may not at 120 hours. However, there may be little or no difference at 90 minutes. In the third study, 29 children with moderate to severe croup who received a dose of corticosteroid with one to two doses of nebulised saline, or one dose of adrenaline, for three hours, may be slightly less than children who did not receive any help with their croup at 60 or 90. There were no adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low. We downgraded the quality due to imprecision and high risk of bias.
This is an update of a review published in 2012. We found eight studies set in primary (four), secondary (one) and tertiary care (accident and emergency = three) and were able to combine their results to give a summary of the findings. The risk of bias of most studies was high with a high rate of bias due to poor reporting of the methods used in most studies. Most of the red flag tests were assessed in a way that meant they had a high risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). Only three of the 29 groups of red flags that we looked at were found to be more accurate than the others. When the same set of red flag test were used in the same way, the results of the same group of tests appeared to be better in terms of the accuracy of the results. However, we should be aware that many of the Red flag tests have high false positive rates, which means that if they were used they would miss many cases and cause a large amount of cost to the healthcare providers.
The aim of this review was to assess the best way to treat men with urethral stricture. Two studies were found that compared urethrotomy and urethroplasty. One of the studies (210 men) found no difference in the rate of men being stricture free at three years. The other study (50 people) found that urethrops were more likely to need further surgery in men who had a ruptured urethra after a pelvic injury in the first six months after treatment. This means that after two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men treated by urethrostomy required continued self-dilatation or further surgery for stricture recurrence, compared to 6 of 25 men (24%) men who were treated by the urethral resection method. There were too few studies to be able to pool the results. There were also too few participants in the study to be certain about the size of the differences in side effects and costs. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six trials (four in preschool and two in school-aged children and one in adult), all of which were of high quality. A total of 1211 children and adults with a long-term (12 to 52 weeks) asthma exacerbation rate of at least one exacerbation per year were included in the meta-analysis. There was no difference in the risk of having one or more exacerbations per year (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% CI 0.87 to 1.32; range 0.7 to 4.0). No group difference was seen in the number of patients with serious adverse health events (1055 participants; RR 0.82; 95%), although the quality of the evidence was low (RR 0.69; range 1.0 to 0.8). In children with persistent asthma and in preschool children suspected of a flare-up, we found that the use of daily inhaled corticosteroids (compared to daily ICS) was the same in the frequency of exacerbations and the rate of severe side-effect events. The strength of the results means that we could not be sure which is the best way to manage the patient's asthma. We found that in children with mild asthma, inhaled budesonide (budesonide) and beclomethasone (Bromide) seem to be the best ways to manage flare-ups and exacerbations in the short term. There is not yet a clear answer as to whether or not these inhaled steroids should be used in the long term. We need to find out in the next few years to see if there are any effects on lung growth and lung function.
We found 17 randomised trials (involving 1639 people with CKD stages 1 to 5) that looked at the effects of diet in healthy adults. We did not find any randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (a type of study in which participants are assigned to the intervention group by a method that is not influenced by the fact that the group receiving the intervention was not the control) that examined the effect of diet on all-cause mortality (death from any cause) or heart attacks and deaths from non-fatal events (heart attacks and strokes). We found that a healthy diet may reduce the risk of death, heart attack and stroke in one in five (1.6%) people, compared with one in six (10%) who did not have a healthy lifestyle. We also found that diet may increase health-related quality of life, glomerular filtration rate (e.g. the rate at which blood pressure is raised, diastolic blood pressure, and serum lipids (lipids) in the short term (up to one year). Adverse events were reported in very few studies, which did not report on adverse events. Based on very low quality evidence, we are not able to say whether or not dietary interventions can prevent death or heart events in CKD.
We found only one study (with a total of 156 children with bronchiolitis) that met our criteria for the review. We found that nebulised salbutamol (salt solution) and mist in a tent (sultopride) were effective in the control group. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to recommend the use of steam inhalation or mist therapy for the treatment of children with acute lung disease. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found four studies with 1154 adults (aged 50 to 90 years old) who were randomised to receive a statin or placebo. All participants had a diagnosis of AD and most were already on a cholinesterase inhibitor (a type of drug that blocks the action of cholesterol in the blood). The evidence is up-to-date as of 12 June 2015. We found statins to be no better than placebo for any of the main measures of Alzheimer's and VVD in the short-term. There was also no evidence for the long-term effects of statins in the control group. We did not find any studies assessing the role of statin in the treatment of VaD. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We found four studies with a total of 149 adults and children with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A and type 2A. Two of the studies assessed the use of prednisone at night in a group of 26 children and adults. There were no differences in the effects of the treatment on the function of the ankle. One of the trials assessed the effect of surgery in 103 boys with achilles tendon disease. The use of pre-suture at the time of surgery did show an increase in the range of range of motion of the foot at 12 months. By 24 months, many boys in the surgery group had a relapse of their achillus (tendon) after the surgery. There is no evidence of benefit from any of the interventions in this review. Further research is required.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. The first stage of labour (the first 10 to 12 weeks of labour) was assessed in a total of 25 trials (5218 women) that compared an upright (UPRW) and a recumbent (re-acumbent) position for women in low-risk labour. The evidence is up to date as of 12 June 2015. The quality of the evidence for each comparison was mixed. For comparison 1: Upright and ambulant (unclear, short-term) (compared with bed rest (with epidural) (with bed rest: all women), women who were upright were also less likely to have a caesarean birth, less need for an epidural, and more likely to be able to stand up from their bed. Babies of mothers who were standing up from the bed were less certain to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, although this was based on only one trial. There were no differences between groups for other outcomes, such as the length of the second stage of birth, or other effects on the well-being of the mothers and their babies. For the other comparison 2: UPRW and ambant (umbustent (umbutized) (all women) (involving all women) compared to bed rest and epidural (with the epidural: all adults), there were no clear results for outcomes including time to the next stage of the labour, the amount of time it took to get to the first stage, the need for the woman to get back to the chair, or the number of times the woman had to get up from bed. The review concluded that there is clear evidence that upright (where the woman lies on the bed) positions in the first-stage of labour are safe and do not seem to increase the risk of giving birth, nor do they cause more harm to the mother or her baby.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-RCTs that have assessed the use of botulinum toxin (BTX) in people with TOS. We found three RCTs, but two of them had a follow-up of six months or more. The first trial, which compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP), had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP at six months. There were no adverse events in either group. The second trial, comparing botulinom toxin (BotX) injection in the skin with saline (salt solution) with saline, had a low risk of systematic error (i.e. bias). There was no significant effect of BTX in terms of pain relief or improvement in disability, but BTX did significantly improve paresthesias (sores from the nose down to the windpipe) at at least six months after treatment. No adverse events were seen with BTX. There is no evidence to suggest that BTX is better than no treatment. There are no side effects in the BTX group. We did not find any trials that assessed other treatments that are used for TOS, and we did not identify any randomized trials that compared these with each other. We need more research in this area.
Twenty-one trials with 884 people were reviewed. A hand brace appeared to be effective in improving pain and function after four weeks of use. One trial with 63 people found that the use of a hand brace for two weeks was not beneficial. Four trials with 193 people looked at various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal (i.e. anti-inflammatories) and vitamin B6 (vitamin B6). In one trial with 51 people, yoga reduced pain after eight weeks when used as a treatment for pain. In one study with 50 people with diabetes, steroid and insulin injections appeared to improve pain over eight weeks. Other non-surgical treatments such as laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care were not shown to be of any benefit. One study with 105 adults found that ergonomic keyboards were effective for pain and functioning when used for pain control and pain control. No trials were found on the effectiveness of magnetic therapy, electrotherapy, acupuncture or massage.
We found one study (involving 708 adults with CRVO-ME) that compared IVS (triamcinolone acetonide intravitreide (IVS) (tricyclic steroid) (injections 1 mg/4 mg/7.5 mg twice a day for 8 months) with no treatment. We found that IVS is more convenient and caused significantly more side effects (10% in the IVS group and 17% in observation group). The most common side effect observed with IVS were raised eye pressure, cataracts (clouding of the lens of the eye, and loss of glaucoma). We assessed the risk of bias in both the SCore study and the GENEVA study as high due to a high risk of systematic error (i.e. not all results were available for all participants in both groups) and imprecision of the results due to poor reporting of the outcome in the observation group.
We found six studies with 394 patients. The first eight-week cross-over study of beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) showed that the drug given with intranasal corticosteroids resulted in greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (18.5 versus 8.5) and a reduction in mean adenoid/choana ratio (14% versus 0.4%) between week 0 and week 4. The second four-week test of the same drug, fluticasone (400 mcg daily), found that the nasal blockage was reduced by at least 50% in 38% in the first four weeks of use of the drug between week 2 and week 5. The third study of flunisolide (500 mcg per day), which is a steroid drug, found that it reduced the size of the nose by more than isotonic saline (salt solution). The fourth study of mometasone showed that it was given for 40 days, in which 77.7% of patients with high adenoidal hypertrophy (i.e. with overgrowth of 40 cm2 per cm2) showed an improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms and a decrease in adenoids size, such that adenostomy surgery could not be avoided. In the fifth parallel-group trial, eight weeks of treatment with fluticasisone (200 mcg a day) reduced nasal obstruction pain and the amount of saline used to treat it. In contrast, in the parallel group of one trial, there did not find a difference in the rate of improvement in the symptoms of nasal obstruction nor in the volume of the nasal sinus. The evidence is up to date as of June 2013. We conclude that intran asthma corticostomies may be beneficial in children with moderate to severe nasal obstruction in the short term, and that their use may be associated with a lower nasal size. However, the long-term efficacy in these patients remains to be defined.
We found only one study (involving 24 women) that compared giving epidural block to women who were at high risk of having a stroke or having a very high blood pressure (systolic and diastolic arterial pressure) with those who were not given epidurals. The control group was a control group who received antihypertensives (drugs to try to keep blood in the lungs), anticonvulsant (drug) therapy (e.g. plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole), and all the other drugs used to treat high blood weight pre-eclampsia. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015. The included study did not report on any of this review's key results. For the mother, these were: death (birth during or after 20 weeks' birth), stillbirths (death in utero at or after birth), perinatal deaths (stillbirths plus deaths in the first week of life), death before the babies were born, deaths after the first 28 days of life, preterm birth (birth before 37 weeks' gestation), and death after the birth of the babies. The baby also had a lower Apgar (a test of the baby's weight) at birth and after five minutes than the control group. However, the change in blood pressure of the woman's heart and blood flow to the babies' lungs (measured by the systolic artery) was not seen in either group. The change in mean arterial pressures of the mother reported in the study was not shown in the same way in both groups. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time as there is not enough evidence to show whether or not epidural blocks are beneficial for the health of women and their babies. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of glucocorticosteroids in adults (aged 25 to 70 years old) with alcoholic liver disease. The search is up-to-date as of 15 June 2017. Fifteen of the 15 trials (one of which was an overview) provided us with data for analysis (927 participants were randomised and 934 participants were randomly allocated to receive glucose-lowering drugs or no treatment (placebo or no intervention). The participants were between 25 and 70 years of age, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of the end of the study (up to the rate at which the participants left the hospital up to 63 days, or for at least one year. The evidence is very low to very low-certainty. This means that we are very uncertain about the results of the studies, and that we cannot be confident in the results for all-cause death (all-cause deaths up to three months after treatment), adverse events during treatment, or death due to any cause. We are very unsure about the evidence for health-related quality of life due to the very low quality of the evidence. Further research is very likely to have an impact on our conclusions.
We found four studies with a total of 245 adults who had had a stroke. The age of the participants ranged from 19 to 21 years old, and most of them (83%) were relatively young (18%). The age range of the studies ranged from 11 to 20 years, and the length of the study ranged from one to six months. The methods used to train the drivers varied from one study to the next, and so we were not able to pool the data from the studies. None of the trials reported any harmful effects of the training. We found that there was no clear evidence that the use of a driving simulator improved the level of driving after stroke. We also found no RCTs that looked at the effect of teaching on-road driving skills. There were no reports of any harm caused by the training, and safety of the intervention was not assessed. There is a need for more research in this area. We do not have any evidence to reach conclusions about the effectiveness of training the driver to improve on- road driving skills after stroke, and it is not clear whether the speed of driving is improved. More research is needed to find out which aspects of the way drivers learn to drive after stroke (e.g. how to rate their speed, how to recognise the road, and how to change the way they drive, and what type of training is best. The evidence is up to date to June 2015. The quality of the evidence was high for most of the outcomes, although there were some issues in the methods used in some of the analyses.
We found eight studies with 582 adults with an acute flare-up of COPD. The mean ages of participants ranged from 65 to 73 years old. Most of the participants were male (58% to 84%), and most of them (65%) had mild or moderate COPD (58%). The length of treatment ranged from three to 14 days. Five of the eight trials (involving 519 adults) compared short-duration (three to 15 days) corticostomies with longer-term (more than 14 days) treatment. Five studies used prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered to 10 or 15 days in one study), and in two of the other three studies the corticosteroid was given intravenous (into a vein). We did not find any difference in the number of people who did not have an exacerbation (flare-up) at the next exacerbation between short- and long-term treatment. However, in one large study that was able to detect non-inferiority (i.e. the time to the next COPD exacerbation) the length of time taken for an adult to get back to work (the length of stay in hospital) was nine days less for the short-term group (nine fewer per 1000 participants). We do not know if shorter courses of corticestomies (of around five days) will lead to worse outcomes than longer courses (10 or 14 days). However, we cannot be sure of this because the quality of the evidence was very low. We need to find out if shorter or longer courses are better than longer ones.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 13 participants) that looked at the use of red blood cell transfusions in people with MDS. The evidence is up to date as of 15 April 2019. The study was of low or very low quality. There were no deaths (all-cause death) or adverse events (adverse events) reported. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the lack of reporting of some of the outcomes. No adverse events were reported. We did not find any information on the effects of the transfusion method on the quality of life of people in the study. We do not know if transfusions should be used for those who have a low white blood cell count and a low platelet count. There is a need for more research in this area.
The findings of this review are based on a search of the literature on the use of games as a teaching strategy for health care in adults. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of games for health professionals. We found two RCTs. The first, which was based on the TV game show "The Game of Family Feud", assessed the effect of the game on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or the process of care. The second, which focused on the game "Snakes and Ladders", was assessed in a case-based study. The effects of the games on the knowledge of health care providers were not shown in the first study. However, in the second study, which used the game-based approach, the effect on the patient's knowledge was shown in both the first and the third time around. In both the study, the patients who were given the game showed greater levels of overall quality of life. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of the use of lithium or antidepressants in people with unipolar disorder. Eight randomised trials were found that involved a total of 475 people. Two of the trials (involving a mixed group of people with both bipolar and unipolar disorders) were found to be suitable for the review. The review found that while there was some evidence that lithium may prevent relapse (both depressive and manic) in the short term, the effects of the drug over the long term are not clear. There is a need for long-term research in this area.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of the amifostine drug on salivary or submandibular glands in high-dose and low-dose patients with thyroid cancer. Two randomised controlled trials with low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the use of the drug in a way that minimises the risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions) were included in this review. Both of the trials (67 and 63 patients) were of high quality (low risk of systematic bias) and had a low number of deaths. One of the studies (involving 80 patients) found that the medicine reduced the amount of scintigraphy (a type of radioprotective agent) used to assess glandular lymph nodes at one year. The other study (conducted in the 1980s) found no differences in the rate of xerostomia (a condition in which radioactive iodine in the blood is pumped around the body) between the treatment group and the control group. In one of the two studies, the medicine was withdrawn from the blood when the volume of the blood was reduced. Both patients recovered and did not have any side effects. There were no reports of death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs. Due to the lack of data, no conclusions could be drawn from this study.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials (studies in which a group of adults (the intervention group) is compared to a control group (a control group that did not receive the intervention). We found three studies (involving 45 children between 29 months and six years of age, from Toronto, Ontario, Canada. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. The parents in one of the studies received a grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (a charitable grant). In the other study, the parents in the control group were aware of the target words for their child. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session each week for one hour, followed by a bi-weekly, individual clinic-based session plus once-weekly home sessions for 12 weeks. Treatment duration ranged from 12 weeks to six months. All three of the three studies were very small, which means that they are not likely to be representative of the population of children with Down syndrome. Only one study found that children in the group of parents who taught the parent how to talk to their child and how to interact with their child after the intervention, showed improvement in their child's speech and language development. No study found any difference in parental stress. One of the trials found that the parent strategies were maintained at 12 months after the end of the intervention. No trial found that parental use of the strategies outside of the parent sessions. No one in the intervention group was aware of whether the child had been taught to change his or her child's language use. One trial found improvements in the parent's knowledge of the child's target words, but not in children's use of their target words. In one study, parental stress was not assessed at any time up to 12 months later. In all three studies, the parent interventions led to changes in the way the parents talk to and interact with each other. In only one study did the parents learn to change their strategies, and in this case, most strategies were retained in the children. No studies found that parents were less aware of how their child was taught to ask for their children to 'drop out' of the group. No evidence was found of parents' use of language in the study, and parents were not aware of if their child had changed after the parents had been told which words they were asked to use. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we have very low confidence in the results of this review. There is a need for more research to assess the effects of parent-based strategies for improving the language and communication of the parents of parents with Down Syndrome.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials that assessed the effect of exercise-based heart valve surgery on death and serious adverse events. We found one study from 1987 and one from 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and reported). We did not find any evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the quality of life (QoL) of the participants. We did find that, compared with a control group that did not exercise, those who had heart heart valve heart surgery showed an increase in exercise strength. However, due to the lack of evidence, we were not able to assess the impact of the intervention on other outcomes. There was not a clear answer to our review question as to whether exercise training should be the main cause of death or the rate of heart attack or death from any cause. The quality of the evidence was very low to low.
We found five randomised trials (1130 participants) that looked at a range of interventions for adults in the final stage of life (called palliative care) to see if they helped them to live the way they wished. Two of the studies looked at the effect of meditation, the others looked at multi-disciplinary interventions that used a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. All five of the trials were from the same country, although in two of them (two of which were carried out in the UK) all but one were undertaken in the same way. The quality of the evidence was limited by poor reporting of some of the aspects of the design of the study. We found no evidence that any of the interventions helped us to improve quality of life or well-being in the long term. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six studies with a total of 137 participants. Two of the six studies (with 45 participants) compared tDCS to control (sham tDCS) and found no effect of tDCS on global UPDRS score, which ranged from 7.10% to 4.97%. One study (with 25 participants) found that tDCS reduced the time people spent in the immobile off-time (i.e. the time in which the person was not aware of the time off) with dyskinesia by 7.0 hours. We found one trial (with a number of 16 participants) comparing tDCS plus movement therapy (where a group of people is taught to move their legs in a slow, non-imprecedent way) to a control group (control group) that did not use tDCS. There was no evidence of an effect of using tDCS for reducing the time a person was off-screen, or the time dyskineia took to get up from a chair. We did not find any evidence that the use of TDCS for improving activities of daily living (e.g. activities that are not controlled by the person’s own hands). We found that there were more dropouts from the study, side effects, and deaths in the control group. We do not know if tDCS is beneficial for people with UPDR. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as we do not have any data on the effects of using TDCS in the management of symptoms in people with PDD. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2014. We searched for all available research on the use of LASB in adults with CRPS up to 30 June 2015. We found 12 randomised studies (involving 461 participants) that met our criteria for the review. For this update, we found no new studies, so there are now four studies in this update. We did not find any new studies for the update of this review, so we have included the four that were included in the review in this review. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. We downgraded the quality of evidence from high quality to low or very low due to problems in the way the studies were carried out and the low numbers of events reported. We are not able to draw firm conclusions from the lack of high quality evidence at this time. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the review published in 2017. We found 14 studies with 2488 people with Bell's palsy. Most of them were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. at high risk of systematic error or bias due to the way they were carried out). We found four new studies at this update. We included four new trials at this review update. All of them compared antivirals and corticosteroids to placebo or no treatment. We did not find any new study at low risk of error. In the review, we found that the use of the combined treatment did not lead to a higher rate of recovery at six months than treatment with corticostomies alone, although the results were imprecise. The rate of adverse events was low (very low) and low-certainty (very uncertain). In the short term, the addition of the intervention reduced the rate of long-term adverse events from Bell’s palsy (up to 12 months). In people with severe Bell's prematomies, the combined therapy did not seem to increase the rates of recovery (at least six months after the end of one year), although we do not know if this would be the case in the long term. In summary, we did not identify any clear benefit from using antiviral or corticopyridoid therapies in terms of rate of complete recovery in people with a wide range of severity of Bell's palies. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found one study (involving 97 women) that assessed LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) use in relapsed (platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory) EOC in comparison with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) (Du Bois 2002). The other study (decapeptyl) was a double-blind (i.e. a placebo (sugar pill) with no active drug) study (Currie 1994). Since both studies had different control groups, we were not able to pool the results. There may be little or no difference in overall survival (OS (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months (very low- and very low-risk of bias). Quality of life (QoL) was not assessed in this study. Adverse events were poorly reported (no adverse events in decapeptly group, but not in the placebo group). The quality of evidence for all outcomes (including OS, PFS, QoL and adverse events) is very low.
We found 17 studies that assessed the effects of inhaled nitric oxide in babies born before term and in the near term (term or term) with low blood oxygen levels. We found that iNO reduced the risk of death or use of ECMO in babies with low oxygen levels of 20 ppm for term and near-term babies who do not have a diaphragmatic hernia (i.e. a hole in the lungs that makes it difficult for the lungs to open to breathe). We did not find any difference in the need for ECMO for babies who were breathing out on their own. In the short term, iNO improved oxygen levels in about 50% of infants who received iNO. The OI (measured by measuring the amount of oxygen in the blood of the baby) decreased by an average of 15.1 within 30 to 60 hours after the start of iNO, and the body weight (kg/m2) was increased by an increased mean of 53 mmHg. Although iNO is effective for infants with low levels of oxygen for the first few days after birth (at least 20 ppm), iNO does not seem to improve survival or the rate of heart rate or rate of breathing out of the ventilator in the longer term (up to 12 months). Fewer of the infants who were given iNO after a few days showed that breathing out at a dose of 20 mg/mL more than that of the newborn (iNO at 20 ppm) did not lead to a longer time without need for heart rate and rate of breath. In babies who had a normal heart rate at the first week of life did not show an effect on response to iNO (high- or very low-pressure oxygen levels). In the long term, the heart rate of the babies with a healthy heart rate did not change at all. The quality of evidence for most outcomes was moderate.
This is an update of the original review published in 2012. We found eight new studies (1361 participants) for the update of this review. We reran the search in February 2015 and found one new study of low back pain, which we will deal with when we next update the review. Overall, the quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in the prevention of low-back pain, and mixed evidence whether they are better than other preventive interventions. It is still not clear whether lumbars supports are more beneficial than no or other interventions for treating low- back pain. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the use of Lumbar support. One of the most important issues to try to deal with in these trials is to make sure that all the participants in the control group (the 'no-risk group) are not aware of which group the patient is in (i.e. the group receiving the support) and that those in the intervention group are not as likely to be dropped out.
We searched for all randomised trials that assessed the use of antimicrobial CVCs in the prevention of sepsis and death in adults over the age of 18. We found 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most of the studies were of low or low risk of bias (i.e. there was a low risk that the patients and their carers knew which CVC was being used), except for the fact that it was possible that the catheter was not masked from the patient and the clinician, which was a potential source of bias. Antibiotics when they are used to treat blood infections are shown to reduce the rate of blood infections and the amount of blood in the CVC. However, the magnitude of the effect on the rates of infection and death was not affected by the participants' risk of death. There were no differences between the impregnation and non-impregnation groups in the rates for adverse effects, such as thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema (blood clots in the legs) and/or tingling at the insertion site. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. Antimicrobial CVs are inexpensive, safe and easy to use. We included one new study in this update, which added to the 57 studies that we found up to date in this review. This is an update of a review published in 2013.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies that looked at the effects of any of these interventions on the health of low- and very low-income slums. We found 15 studies, 14 of which we analysed in a meta-analysis. The studies took place in a wide range of slums, mainly in slums in poor countries. The evidence is up-to-date as of 12 June 2016. The findings of this review are based on 15 studies with a total of 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. All the evidence was from low- to high-certainty, and most of them were on the use of protein and iron in the diets of children. We did not find any studies that assessed the effect of the intervention on the amount of protein or iron in their food on the length of the LBW of the children. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low (for most of the results) to high (for all of the outcomes). The main reasons for downgrading the evidence were that most studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way they were carried out) and were of low or very low quality in terms of their methods (in terms of how the study was carried out). For most outcomes, we were not able to pool the results due to variation in the reporting of the findings (e.g. for weight, height, or weight/length of life). However, we found that the quality of evidence was very low for weight and height (for height and weight), and was moderate for height and length (for weight and weight). More research is needed to find out if multi-sectorial (where the food in the diet of a slum is provided to all at the same time and in the same way, in a range of contexts.
This review of 12 trials (1023 participants) found no evidence to suggest that foam dressings are more effective in the healing of venous leg ulcers than other wound dressings. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised trials (RCTs) on the use of the COX-2 inhibitors celecoxib, valdecoxib, or lumiracoxib in patients with IBD. We found two RCTs (involving 381 IBD patients with rheumatological (i.e. active ulcerative colitis) or active Crohn's disease. One RCT (n = 159) compared etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in IBD participants with either active ulcers or active active colitis. The other RCT with 222 patients (200 mg twice a day) found no RCT on the effectiveness and side-effect rates of rofecoxib for the treatment of IBD in the short term. There were no deaths in the RCT. Side-effects were reported in both groups. No patients in either group died. No heart problems or blood clots were reported. After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82%) in the etoric oxib group and 19% (15/77) in the placebo group. There was no difference in the frequency of flare-ups (29 events per 1000) between the two groups. After two weeks of therapy 4% (5/112) of patients in the eczema group had an exacerbation compared to 6% (7/110) of participants in the control group (GRADE). The quality of the evidence for the outcomes was low due to very low numbers of events (12 events) and very poor reporting of the outcomes. The results for the side-effects and for the rate of treatment side effects were uncertain. No one in the trial died or had a serious side-side-effect. No side effects caused by the drugs were serious. The side effect rates of the drugs included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa (somnolence). No side-actions caused by these drugs were significant. The two studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. However, it should be noted that both studies had relatively small sample sizes and short follow-up durations. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating these patients in order to avoid a flare-up of disease and other side effects. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not have a number of participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. The studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six of the 22 randomised controlled trials (involving only 937 participants) only looked at people with ulcers that were infected. One of the trials included both infected ulcers and uninfected ulcers, and the remaining 13 studies did not assess whether people had an infected ulcer. We found that more wounds healed when treated with an antibiotic dressing than with a non-antimicrobial dressing. This means that when dressing the wounds with an antifungal dressing, more wounds heal when they are used. However, we are not certain about this because the quality of the evidence was low or very low. There were too few adverse events to be sure that there is a difference in the risk of adverse events when dressing with an antimicrobial dressing is used. We are uncertain about the effects of the use of antimicrobial dressings for each of our primary outcomes for this review, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events. There is a need for more research in this area. Topical antimicrobials (i.e. silver, iodides, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine) should be the next best choice to assess if they are best used to treat wounds that are infected. We included four studies with 937 patients. These were too small to be able to draw any conclusions about their use. There was no wound-healing data, and we were not sure whether they would have had the same effect on the rate of wound healing in people with both the infection and the surgery rate. There are too few studies to know which is the best way to use antimiotics to treat sore wounds. We need more research to find out which are the best to use. The most recent search for evidence was in December 2019.
We found six randomised controlled trial (involving 5193 children under 5 years of age) that looked at the use of zinc in children with pneumonia. We did not find any new studies in this update. We found that children who had zinc in their blood were less likely to have pneumonia and had a lower risk of death from any cause by 13% and to have a low risk of pneumonia by 41% when compared with those who did not have zinc. However, we found that zinc did not seem to have an effect on the rate of death or the number of days that a child would need to be assessed for a diagnosis of pneumonia. The effect of zinc on death from all causes was not clear. The quality of the evidence was low.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of Vitamin A for preventing acute LRTIs. We found 10 studies with 33,179 participants that compared low-dose and high-dose vitamin A for prevention of LRTI. Low-dose Vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose of vitamin A. Vitamin A was found to increase the risk of cough and fever in one study; and the rate of rapid breathing and cough in two other studies. The effect of the extra Vitamin A on the incidence of an adverse event was not shown in eight of the 10 studies, but was found in two of the other three. Therefore, Vitamin A should not be given to all children to reduce the occurrence of a flare-up of symptoms.
Theophylline is a bronchodilator that is used in conjunction with corticosteroid in COPD. The review of trials found that the drug is well-treatable in moderate to severe COPD, and that it has a modest effect on lung function (forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) and the amount of oxygen in the blood in the day and night. It is most effective at rest and at rest. The drug works best when used in a group with moderate to moderate COPD (i.e. those with exacerbations or flare-ups of COPD). It does not seem to work well in high-risk groups (e.g. those who have a flare-up of their COPD who are on a ventilator). The drug does not work well when used alone. The side effects of the drug are generally mild. However, the drug can cause nausea (nausea) and breathlessness (breathlessness). There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which means that many of the people in the study may have been known by the investigators to be known to be theophyllinesolerant (that is, to be able to take the drug). This may have led to the low rate of dropout of the studies.
We found 10 trials, with a total of 439 children, who ranged from 1 year to 18 years of age, who were able to eat at least one serving of egg each day. We found that 1 in 12 of the children had a very high fever, requiring adrenaline (epinephrine) or epinephrine (adrenaline), and 1 in 10 of the control group had a high fever. Most of the participants (82%) in the treatment group could eat a small amount of egg (1 g to 7.5 g per day) compared to 10% of the group of control group. Fewer than half (45%) of participants (10%) of children (44%) able to tolerate a full dose of egg, and about 10% (10) out of 10 children (43%) who received the treatment could be able to complete a full meal. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of children in the therapy group and 6.8% (6.8%) of the placebo group had mild to severe adverse events. Of note, seven studies used an egg avoidance diet as the intervention group. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants in each group, which may be related to accidental ingestion of egg. The quality of the evidence was low due to small numbers of participants and events, and problems in the methods used in the trials.
We found four randomised trials with a total of 579 participants. The risk of death from any cause was not reduced by the use of the ILR method. We did not find any data on short term deaths (i.e. no longer than six months). We found no evidence that an ILR-based method reduced the risk of long-term death. We also found no information on adverse events. We found that the cost of using an interleverter defibrillator was higher in the group of participants who received ILR. The mean cost per diagnosis and the cost per arrhythmia (the rhythm of the heart) were lower for participants randomised to ILR implantation. Quality of life was not reported in any of the four trials. The overall quality of evidence was very low due to the lack of reporting of adverse events in one of the two arms.
We found four randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. All four RCTs included in this review assessed the use of sclerosant agents (scleroscopy and sclerotherapy) and surgery (surgicepiectomy) in patients with hydrocoleiectomies. All studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way in which the study was carried out) for all the outcomes. None of the studies reported on the amount of time it took to cure and the rate of re-growth of the tumour. Only one of the trials (involving 136 patients) compared sclerotherapy with surgery. There was no difference in the rates of cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants: RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.10). There was an increase in the recurrence of the disease in those who had scleropathy when surgery was used (3 study, 196 patients: RR 9.37, 95%; CI 1.83 to 48.4). One study (60 patients) reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the sclerosteroid group (RR 0.25, CI 60). There were more cases of infections in the surgery group (4 studies, 275 participants: R RR0.31, CI 0%). Three of the four studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgical group was twice as high as in the one to two times per week (RR0.99; CI 0.99). Only one study reported the time from three to six months after surgery (RR1.90; I² = 0%). There was only one study that looked at the quality of life of patients at three and six months; there was no clear evidence of a difference between the treatment groups. There were no differences in the number of patients with haematomas in the short term (from three to five months). There is a great need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence is low to very low due to issues in the methods used in the studies.
We found one RCT (involving 40 children with airway malacia and a lung disease called rhDNase) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (a drug used to treat cysts in the lungs) with a control group (placebo). We assessed it to be a low risk of bias (that is, there was a low chance that the true effect would be close to the truth). We did not find any difference in the proportion of children who were cough-free at the end of the first two weeks of the trial. The mean change in the children's cough at night was significantly greater in the control group than in the nebuliser group. However, the change in day and night time cough diaries was not significant. Other measures of cough, such as dyspnoea (bronchiolitis), and the amount of sputum in the blood, and lung function tests, favoured the placebo group. We do not know from the RCT whether the use of nebulisers in patients with airways malacia or a lung infection makes recovery worse. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 21 studies with 2658 people with somatoform disorders or MUPS. All studies assessed the effects of some form of psychotherapy. We did not find any studies that assessed the effect of psychosocial therapy. Fourteen of the 21 studies looked at forms of cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT), which is a form of therapy that aims to change the way in which we think about thoughts and behaviours. The rest of the studies examined forms of psychodynamic (where a group of people is taught to change their thoughts and behaviour), which involves changing the way we think and behave. We found that CBT is not more effective than enhanced care for most of the outcomes, although it is better than standard care. CBT does not seem to cause any harm. Most studies did not describe side effects, so we do not know if it is safe to assess whether it causes harm. We are not sure if CBT works for all people with MUPS, but CBT seems to work for those who are able to cope with the pain. The effect of CBT on somatform symptoms was modest, with a small effect of a modest size. It is not clear whether CBT should be used as the 'gold standard' of care for MUPS treatment. The quality of the evidence for the main outcomes in this review ranged from very low to high. This is due to the small size of the effect, which means that it is difficult to be sure that the true results are likely to be close to the truth.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP three to 12 months after surgery. We found 40 new RCTs in this update. In total, we found 63 trials that we could include in the review, but we were able to combine the results of 39 of them (involving 3027 participants). We found that regional anaesthetic is a safe and safe analgesic for women having breast cancer surgery. There is low- or very low-certainty evidence that the risk of developing PPP is lower after three to 18 months following an epidural for thoracotomy and after caesarean section. We also found low- to high-quality evidence that intravenous infusion of local anaesthetes (given into a vein) may decrease the number of women who develop PPP up to three to six months later. We did not find evidence for the other surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, heart surgery and laparotomy. We do not know about side effects from the use of regional anaesthetics, because we did not look at them well in detail in the studies. We are not able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of other surgery because we only found a few studies that included a total of 3027 people. We need more high- and high-level and large-scale studies that are of high quality.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of first- and second-generation (atypical) antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, valproate semisodine, lamotrigine, topiramate, nifedipramine, fluoxetine, phenelzapine, zuclopentixol, loxapine and ziprasidone), mood stabilising drugs (such as carbamazepine, valortamethasone, lisoprostol and lametrigine), amitriptyline, and a large dose of omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 and mianserin) were assessed. We found 28 studies with a total of 1742 participants. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of losses to follow up. Data were sparse for most of the comparisons, and we were not able to pool the data for most comparisons. We were able to combine data for some of the other comparisons, although we were unable to pool data for many of them due to lack of precision in the results. There was evidence that first-generation antipsychotic, mood stabilisers, and omega-2 fatty acids may be beneficial for BPD, although the long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed. Adverse events data were sparse, and data were limited for most trials, although data on side-effects were scarce, with only one trial reporting on side effects. Data on body weight were available with topiramide (a drug used to treat weight loss) treatment. Topiram, a drug used for weight loss, showed a reduction in body weight of about 2.5 kg, was used most often used in conjunction with other drugs, although it showed weight gain and sedation. We did not find any evidence for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of loss, loss of weight, weight loss and loss. The quality of evidence for most outcomes was low or very low. This was mainly due to small sample sizes and some imprecision in the findings.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials that compared washout to no washout in adults. We found only a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom were able to complete the search. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acid) when used to cleanse the urine, when used as a washout solution, has an effect on the rate of symptoma or the length of time each catheter is in situ. This is because the results are imprecise and the results of three cross-over (cross-over) trials (in which both the participants and the clinical staff knew which group the participants were in) were based on differences in the participants' differences for the washout method. One trial (involving 40 adults) was unblinded, but there were problems with the design of the study (i.e. there was a high risk of bias). We are not able to conclude if washouts are beneficial or harmful for the use of washouts. There is a need for more research in this area. We assessed only three of the eight interventions that were assessed in more than one comparison group. Two of these were in a parallel-group (where both the patients and the medical staff were aware of which group each person was in) and the other two in a cross-group trial (where the participants knew which treatment group each group was in (called cross-by-group). Both of these studies were of low or very low quality. We were unable to assess the effect of washout on the number of catheters used, quality of life of the patients or their carers. None of the trials assessed the cost of using washouts, which was assessed in only one study. We judged the quality of the evidence for most of the comparisons to be low. This was due to the small size of the studies and the low numbers of participants.
We searched for all randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomized studies that assessed the effects of fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer in adults and children. We found 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen of the studies were of adults (aged 18 to 18 years and over), and 22 of them were of children (aged 16 years and above). We did not combine the results of all these, as we could not pool the results. Eighteen studies (describing 14,573 participants) reported the rate of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies (involving 268 participants) that assessed children aged up to 18, who were the most likely to be tired (6.7% to 12.5%), we found that participants who were tired at the end of the study term were 6.5% more likely than those who were not tired. Twelve of the 12 studies that looked at children aged 16 years or over, which included 13,952 participants, found that fatigue was more likely in the participants who received treatment (4.4% to 63.7%). In one study (1907 participants) those who had haematomies (blood cancers) were more tired than controls (1.8% to 35.9%). In four of the four studies looking at adults (e.g. in a group of siblings or in a control group (in which 3.1% to 10.3%) who were less tired, survivors were more often tired than control groups (in whom 3.3%). One study (124 adults) found that in people with bone cancer survivors, tiredness was more often than in those who did not have tiredness. In one of the two studies (252 adults) that compared tiredness in patients with brain cancer, which was 14.6% and 21.1%. In the other study (17 adults) tiredness did not seem to be associated with tiredness at any time of the trial. One of the trials found that tiredness over the course of 2.7 years was reported in 32 adults (31.4%) who received tiredness therapy. In contrast, age at the time of cancer treatment and the level of fatigue was not associated with fatigue. We do not know how many children with cancer who are tired after treatment are tired. We are not able to calculate the overall risk of death from any of the reported risks because we were unable to combine the data from all studies. The quality of the evidence in this review is very low. This means that we do not have a clear idea of the true effect of tiredness after a child's cancer treatment.
This review of 36 trials (6914 participants) found that the use of both topical and systemic (topical and systemic) antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the rate of infections and death in adults who are in the intensive care unit (ICU) but not in the hospital. There is no information about the effect on the incidence of adverse events.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We found five randomised studies that assessed the effects of education targeted nursing staff in care homes. Four of the studies looked at nursing home residents and only one looked at those who lived in a group (group dwelling). Three of the five studies included only one or only two nursing homes per study. All of the trials looked at the use of PR in the care home. One study in the nursing home setting showed an improvement in PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three trials showed that PR use was reduced in the control group after seven and 12 months. The single study examining residents in group dwelling found no change in PR usage in the intervention group after six months, whereas PR use increased in the treatment group. Overall, we found that there was not a lot of information on which to base the findings. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised trials (RCTs) of glucocorticoids in IVF and ICSI cycles up to the day of oocyte retrieval. We found four RCTs (with a total of 416 women) that met our criteria for the review. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not use in the review, so we were not able to analyse them fully. For the outcome of live birth, we only found one RCT (involving 212 participants) that reported live birth rate, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low numbers of events and few events. There was not enough evidence to be able to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rates. Our results suggest that if the chance of a live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following glucocORTicoid supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no clear evidence of a difference in the rate of clinical birth rate (OR 1.69, 95% CI 0.98 to 2.90). There was very low- or low-certainty about the results for the rates of multiple-pregnancy rate and miscarriage rate. No side-effects of the treatment were reported. None of the trials reported OHSS or other adverse events, and side-effect rates were not assessed. The evidence is up to date to June 2015. We are uncertain as to whether or not the use of glucose levels in the blood during IVF/ICSI for IVF is safe and if they are safe due to the low event rates and low number of events.
We found eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years old, with CF. Six of the eight trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the lung function (e.g. lung rate, body weight) and some measures of height (height, weight and lean body weight), but there was no difference between the high-dose and low-dose of rhGH for most of the outcomes. There is some low- to very low-certainty data on the effect on the body weight (kg/kg/week). We found no difference in the height, weight or lean body mass (a measure of body weight that is used to measure weight and height). There is low-to-very low-quality data on side effects (side effects mean that we are uncertain as to whether rhGH reduces the risk of death, heart attack or flare-up of disease). One small trial (63 participants) showed that the change in fasting blood glucose levels with rhGH did not lead to a change in the rate of diabetes, although the change was not large. None of the trials looked at the cost of treatment. No significant changes in quality of life, health status or side-effects were seen in this review due to the very low quality of the evidence. We need long-term well-designed, well-planned and well-conducted randomised trials to assess the benefit and harm of using rhGH in CF.
We found 26 studies with 1,695 people who worked in a wide range of health care settings. Most of the people included in the studies were in the mid-to-high-risk jobs. We found that people who work in the health care field often report they do not have symptoms of their asthma, and report they may be sick. However, if they do have symptoms, they may report they will be able to get out of work earlier than if they are not sick. If they are sick, then their work may be worse. We also found that if people are exposed to low levels of inhaled bronchiolitis (i.e. those who breathe out on their own), they may have more symptoms and their lung function may be better. When we looked at whether people were more or less likely to be lost to work if they were not exposed to the airway, we did not find evidence that the risk of losing their job was increased. We did not have enough high-quality data to be sure that reducing the amount of air in the workplace was as good as increasing the number of people who get sick. We were not able to find out if people were less or no worse than when they were still on their work. We do not know from this review whether people should be made aware of the fact that they are still exposed to their work, or if they should be told that their work is not available for them to use. We are not certain about the effects of the use of changes in the work environment on the way in which people use their work and the way they work. This review is up to date as of April 2015.
We found six trials (1758 participants) that compared on-demand use of PPI to continuous PPI for people with esophagitis. The participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagusitis (LA grade A or B). Five of the six trials looked at on-dose deprescribing, and in one of them, the use of the drug was stopped after the first week. We found that in people with mild gastroD, on-need for PPI may lead to an increase in GI symptoms (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and a decrease in the amount of pill used each week. There was no difference in the number of people who stopped taking their PPI because of side effects. We also found that people who used PPI more often than those who did not use it tended to use the pill less often. We did not find any information about the long-term benefits and harms of using PPI less often or about the cost of using the drug. None of the studies looked at whether people were more or less likely to stop using their drug when they stopped taking it. We were not able to make a conclusion about whether people should stop their drug after at least six weeks from the endoscopy because there were not any endoscopic findings in the endoscope. We assessed the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes, although overall it was low. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's review published in 2012. We found 13 randomised trials (RCTs) with a total of 905 participants. These looked at the effects of social skills training on all aspects of the way in which social skills are taught and implemented in the care of adults with schizophrenia. We also found that when we looked at social skills programmes compared to no social skills, we found that there was a reduction in the rate of relapse (the rate at which people with schizophrenia relapse) and re-hospitalisation rates, as well as a decrease in people’s mental health, although again we found no difference in patients’ quality of life. We did not find any difference in the percentage of people who were able to participate in a social skills group. Most of the evidence was of very low or very low quality. This was mainly due to the lack of precision in the results for all the outcomes, and the fact that most of the studies were carried out in China.
We found only one study (involving 225 people with gout), which showed that pegloticase is effective in the management of tophi in gout, in terms of the rate of resolution of symptoms, but at the cost of a high rate of side effects. This means that in order to be sure that the drug works as a pain medicine in patients with tophi, we need at least one RCT with a high risk of bias. We did not find any other RCTs. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised trials on the use of oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC in preterm and low birth weight neonates. We found three trials (involving 2095 neonates) that met our criteria for the review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. The use of the oral treatment with IgA for the risk of NEC was not shown to be effective in reducing the rate of NEC, need for surgery or death from NEC. There were no trials on use of IgA alone. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review of five trials (involving 2197 women) found that postoperatively, chemotherapy after hysterectomy and the use of adjuvant (adjuvant) therapy (radiosurgery after surgery) does not increase the risk of death or the rate of the first recurrence of cancer in the pelvis. It does, in the short term, decrease the risk that the cancer comes back in the first five years after surgery.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised research on this topic in a wide range of countries on six continents. We included 35 studies, from a range of settings, including low- and high-income countries. Some studies explored the views of clients' views of the interventions, and others asked what they felt they would like most. We found that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them, and some felt that they shared the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had used the phone in a way that meant that their use of the phone was controlled by others (e.g. the cost of using the phone could also be a problem. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and use of mobile phones could be a major problem. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care, some clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, time, and frequency of the messages sent (high confidence). Clients' views about who sent the messages could influence how much and how often they sent them (moderate confidence). They often wanted to send the messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them (low quality). They had preferences for the best way to send messages (for example, a short message service (SMS) or voice response. They also had preferences about how best to use the phone, and their views on the way to best to share the messages. For our overview of the findings and our confidence in the results, we looked at the 'Summary of findings' table. Our results showed that many of the trials assessed these problems, and many did not try to try to address them, although this may have been a bias in the way they were done. We assessed the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes, and we rated it from high to very low.
Twenty-three studies with 2467 participants were found that compared methadone to any other drug or to a placebo (i.e. a fake drug). We found that there is a trend to reduce the use of long-term, short-term use of these drugs when they are used to treat opioid use in the first six to 12 months after using the drugs. This is known to be done with the intention of decreasing the number of people who need to use the drugs in the short term. The results of the review indicate that the effectiveness of the drugs used in the trials was equivalent in terms of quality of life and the rate at which they were used. In terms of side effects, there were more drop-outs in the placebo group and more severe drop-out rates in the treatment group. The quality of the evidence is low to very low.
The review of trials found that heavy sedation is more effective than light sedation for reducing the amount of methadone, and that the effects of naltrexone can be blocked without the use of clonidine and symptomics. However, the level of sedation does not change the length of time that the drug is used. There is a significantly greater risk of side effects with heavy, compared to light, sedation. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in cost and use of scarce intensive care resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be used.
Molindone is a drug that is used to treat schizophrenia. It has been used for many years to treat the symptoms of schizophrenia and is one of the most widely used antipsychotics in the world. This is why it was reviewed in a wide-ranging way. In this update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Review, they found 14 studies of the drug molindone, most of which were very short (10 days) and of short (three months) in length. The results of the review do not support the use ofmolindone for the treatment of schizophrenia. Although it is inexpensive and easy to use, the strength of the evidence for the effectiveness of this drug is very low. It is no more or less likely than other typical antipsychotic drugs to cause side effects, although it does cause weight loss.
We found 20 randomised studies with a total of 2125 adults who had either a bleaching agent (hydroquinone, tretinoin, or fluocinolone acetonide), or a non-bleaching drug (thiospot, guanfacine, or Gigawhite). They can be grouped into those that are used to treat bleaching agents (concentrate, rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, thiotropium, and glaucomatose), and those which are used for skin lightening (e.g. thiotrope, cetiedil). We were not able to pool the results of the trials due to the differences in the treatments used. Triple-combination cream was significantly more effective at lightening melasma than hydroquinone alone. Azelaic acid (20%) was more effective than 2% hydquinone (RR 1.25, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.48), but not when compared to 4% haemopoietic acid peels (RR 0.99, 95%; RCT 0.94 to 0.32). In one of the two trials (RCTs) where a single treatment (tretinoidin) was compared to placebo (involving a fake drug) participants rated their melasma as improved in one study (RR 13 to 89.74) but not in the other. In both RCTs (where participants were assigned to a treatment group using a method that was not similar to the one of two or more treatment groups) there was a significantly higher rate of improvement (RR 14.00, 95%, CI 4.43 to 44.25) for the use of triple-combition cream (concomparison cream (tortinoin and fluoc inolone) than the use alone (RR 10.50, CI 3.85 to 28.60). In both studies by other objective scores used for assessment of the severity of melasma, there was an increase in the level of response (RR 2.75, 95%), but not the rate of recovery (RR 4.04, 95%). ThiospOT was more beneficial than placebo (SMD -2.61; RCT 2.47). Most of the side effects reported were mild and short-term, such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stingling. The quality of the evidence for most of the studies was poor.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found 12 randomised studies that assessed the effects of 5-FU in the first year after trabeculectomy in a total of 1319 participants. Not all studies looked at the same type of surgery and all but one of the 12 studies included a very low sample size (involving 76 participants) and was at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias in the methods used to assign the participants to the two groups). Most of the participants were white (83%), and 40% were male (41%). All studies were a minimum of one year long. The results of our review indicate that 5-fluoride is effective in reducing the number of eyes that need surgery for the first time and the level of pressure that the eye drops cause. In the low-risk group where surgery was carried out, the risk of failure was reduced by 4.1 (4.1/5) for the high-risk participants and by 5.0 (5.0) for those who had their eyes looked into the eye after surgery using a low-dose method. Intraocular pressure was decreased in both high- and low- risk groups. None of the trials reported on the participants' views of care, which would be a very rare event for an invasive treatment such as surgery for glaucoma. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low. This was mainly due to the lack of blinding of the patients and the low numbers of events.
We found fifty-five studies with 16,154 participants. Long-term use of inhaled corticosteroids (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients. The rate of flare-ups (flare-ups) was lower in the long-term studies, with an increased risk of oropharyngeal and hoarseness in the ICS group. We did not find any difference in the risk of death in the three-year follow-up. Longer-term trials showed that inhaled steroids reduced the chance of an exacerbation (i.e. a flare-up of COPD) in the short term (0.26 exacerbations per patient per year), but not in the longer term (1 year). In the long term trials, the number of exacerbations was higher in the inhaled steroid group. There was an increase in the incidence of lung infection (pneumonia) in those studies that assessed this as a side-effect. In the studies that looked at the effect on the bone, there were no major changes in the strength of the bone. The number of fractures in the bone did not change over three years, although there was no change in the amount of iron in the bones at the end of the study. There were no serious side-effects in the studies. Patients and clinicians should be aware of the benefits and risks of inhaling corticostomies for COPD.
We searched for all randomised trials of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) for dysmenorrhoea in July 2013. We found 80 trials with 5820 women. Most of the trials (59%) were conducted in the USA, with one each from Europe, South Africa and the UK. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014. The review found that NSAIDs are better than placebo (sugar pill) for pain relief and paracetamol (an antiepileptic drug) for first line pain relief for first time. However, there were more side effects with NSAIDs (overall side effects: 25 RCTs, low or very low quality, mainly due to poor reporting of the methods used in the study. We also found that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or good pain relief, between 45% and 53% of them taking NSAIDs will do so. This means that if 10% of participants in the placebo group experience side effects, between 11% and 14% of those in the NSAIDs group will. There were too few data to be able to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmenors. Most NSAIDs were inexpensive (59%), most of the studies were commercially funded (59%); a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. The quality of the evidence for most comparisons was low.
We searched for all randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomized studies that compared high levels of PEEP (2565 participants) with low levels of oxygen in adults in the intensive care unit (ICU) up to 30 June 2015. We found seven randomised controlled trials (involving 2565 adults) that assessed the effect of high or low volumes of oxygen delivered to the heart by high- and low-pressure ventilator. We did not find any difference in the risk of death. Oxygenation was improved in the high-pEEP group, although we were not able to pool the results due to differences in the number of days that participants were on the breathing machine. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for the main outcome of death, and we were unable to pool data for the outcome of the length of time spent in the ICU. The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased deaths in the neonatal ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three studies (2417 adults) the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low volume of oxygen and high blood pressure.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2010. We found 23 new studies in a search of the literature in December 2015. We were not able to find any new studies for this update. We included 42 studies (11,399 patients) in this review, which we had not found any new study. All studies included in this update were of haemodialysis in pre-renal and sepsis-associated AKI. We reran the search in 2017 and will deal with the three new studies of interest when we next update the review. We did not find any studies that were of high or very low risk of bias. There was an increase in the need for an RRT in the HES group when compared to the control group. This was mainly due to lack of urine output and creatinine based RIFLE-R (risk of AKI) in favour of HES. However, when we looked at the risk of death from any cause (from any cause) we did not see an increased risk in patients treated with HES compared to those who did not. No differences were seen between subgroups for the RRT and RIFle-F based outcomes. The risk of adverse (side) effects of using HES was similar in both treatment groups. The quality of the studies was good. The current evidence suggests that all HES products increase the risk in AKI and RRT when used in all patients, although a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be found. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and that the use of other HES product types should be used in place of hesmelet.
We found nine randomised trials (involving 682 people with CKD) that compared Rheum officinale to no treatment or to captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) inhibitor. We did not find any data on death from any cause or on the cost of treatment. We found that when we looked at the level of serum creatinine and albumin in the blood of the participants, we found both to be of low or very low quality. We were not able to find any evidence to make any conclusions about the use of R hematopoietic acid due to the lack of evidence.
This is an update of the review of the accuracy of the IQCODE test for selecting those who are at risk of Alzheimer's disease. We searched for all randomised trials of the test in a wide-ranging way. We found 13 randomised, double-blind, and quasi-blind way of answering the question (the short (16-item) versus the 26-item test). We found that the short (six weeks) test was more accurate than the long (26 weeks) one (based on a range of data from 2745 participants). We also found that in the short term, the short-term test was as good as the long-term one (from six weeks to one year). We did not find any difference between the short and the long term ones (from 12 to 60 months). The reporting of the data was poor, with only a small amount of reporting of some of the outcomes, and the reporting of results was poor.
We found three studies with 91 participants. All three of the studies were of low or very low quality, which means that their results may not be valid. We did not find any evidence that any of the three types of therapy (i.e. in- and out-patients) helped to improve spasticity in adults with stroke in the short or long term. There was 'low quality' evidence that mCIMT, a type of non-stressful, non-spastic therapy, which is thought to be able to increase the range of movement, helps to increase activity in adults who have had a stroke of at least one year. There is'very low quality' data from one study that shows that in people with a stroke in which the stroke was not caused by the stroke, when they received a 'task practice' (where a task was assigned to each participant in a group in a two-or three- or four-minute task practice session) they did not do as well as those who did not receive a task practice. There were no studies that looked at the effect of MD treatment on 'passive function (which is caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the quality of life of people with stroke. None of the trials explored the effects of MD therapy on 'quality of life (how well the person can care for his or her own leg), the amount of care that the person needs to care for their own leg, or how well they can manage their own care. We do not know which type of therapy works best, and we do not have no evidence to guide us on this topic. More research is needed to find out which types of treatment, and how often and for how often they should be used.
This review aimed to find out if there is good evidence that the use of the antiviral drug lamivudine or HBIg after liver transplantation prevents the recurrence of HBV in patients with HBV infection. Four randomised trials, with a total of 136 patients, were included in the review. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were large enough to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the two trials assessed the same treatment.
Searches of all available research on this topic showed a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way in which the research was carried out). Fifteen studies with 1019 people with LADA were included in the review. All of them were of short duration (three months to 10 years) and were of low quality (in terms of the way they were run and reported). Only one of them showed that sumisone (sulomylurea) with insulin was better than insulin alone at three months (n = 15) and at 12 months (14) of treatment and follow-up. However, there was some evidence that the use of sulomide with insulin led to less weight loss (1.3% lower HbA1c from baseline to 0.5% more at four years). In one study using GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase (a type of GADS) in a low dose (20 μg per day) GAD was shown to increase the amount of C-peptide in the blood (7.7 ng/ml more at one year). There was no evidence on the effects of other lines of treatment. There were no adverse events reported in any of the studies. There was very low blood sugar (hypoglycaemic) episodes were not the only cause of poor blood sugar levels in LADA. No adverse events were found in any study.
We searched for all randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2015. We found 70 RCTs (44,958 participants) that met our criteria for the review. We included 63 studies (42,784 participants) in the meta-analysis. The risk of bias was low for most of the studies, which means that their methods were at a low risk of systematic bias (i.e. there was a potential bias in some of the methods used to assess the quality of the evidence). The results of this review indicate that there is no clear evidence for the effectiveness of these interventions for the prevention of alcohol misuse in the short term (up to four or more months). Although we found some moderate- or low-quality results for most outcomes, the size of the effects was too small for us to be able to analyse them in a detailed way, and we were not able to combine them in our meta-analyses. The effects of these programs for the long term (over four months) are not clear.
We found three trials with a total of 492 adults who had received 530 THA. One of the studies (81 adults) looked at the effects of the use of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions (i.e. when used as a control group) in people who had a hip dislocation. There were no incidences of hip dislocated or adverse events in either group during the 12-month follow-up. The study did not assess pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. The other study (265 adults) assessed the effect of providing hip precautions with or without restrictions to activities of daily life (when assessed by the Harris Hip Score (HRQOL) at 12 week, when used with the Short Form-12 (a short-term measure of quality of life). Due to the low quality of evidence, we are not able to be sure if hip precautions are effective in improving the rate of recovery (the rate at which an adult is able to use his or her hip) or in the first four to six months post-THA. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small size of the study and the low numbers of participants in the study. We are not sure if the addition of an enhanced postoperative education and therapy (post-operative education on the topic of how to use the hip in order to help the hip after THA) to help people cope with their hip is effective in the short- and long-term. There is not enough evidence to be certain about the effects on pain, function, adverse events, re-operations rate or total side effect rate. Further research is needed to assess the impact of a range of interventions for those who undergo THA in both the short and long term. An assessment of the impact on pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL and instrumental ADL is needed, and also of functional integration-type interventions rather than just hip safety. We assessed the risk of bias in the evidence as high, as most of the trials had a high risk of reporting bias, which means that their results may not be valid.
This review of three trials found that LNG-IUD reduced the rate of pain after surgery in women with endometriosis but the strength of the evidence was low. There was not enough evidence to be sure of the effect on pain. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 24 studies, with 20% (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way the research was carried out). All of the studies looked at food products; none looked at the use of alcohol or tobacco. Most studies were carried out in a laboratory (14/24), with adult participants (17/24). All studies were conducted in high-income countries, with most from the USA, which is the most likely to be the best place to look for changes to food habits. We also found some low-certainty (low or very low) evidence from three studies (n = 154) that using the GRADE approach, we found that the amount of food available for consumption was reduced by an average of 1.0 (from 1.13 to 0.37) over a three- to six-month period. We found that this effect was greater when the food was placed farther away from the participant (12 studies (1098 participants) and when the product(s) was used in a way that made it more convenient for the consumer (e.g. by putting the food on the end of a chair or a table). We found no difference in how much or how far a snack food or drink was placed from the participants. We only found one study (41 participants) that looked at how much food was consumed, and found that it was not able to change the choice of foods at all (very low-quality evidence). We are uncertain as to whether the change to a healthy or less healthy food is best made in the way consumers choose to eat or drink. We are very unsure as to how much and where the change should be made. We need more research in real-world settings to find out which changes make the most impact.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of the use of occupational antiretroviral regimens for prevention of HIV infection in adults. Only one case-control study was found that compared a three-drug regimens with a control group. The use of the three regimens resulted in an increase in the risk of having a new case in the first six months after taking the drug, although the risk was low. However, the number of participants in the control group was too low to be able to show an effect. There is a need for a new study to be carried out, but it is not likely that such a study will ever be done. There were more side-effects in the group of participants who took zidovudine, especially those in the case of indinavir (a drug used to treat rheumatoid virus). However, discontinuation rates from the study were not increased. Given the low risk of side effects, healthcare providers should be warned about the risks and the strategies that might be used to manage these. They should be advised that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing HIV seroconversion.
Overall there is an absence of evidence for the use of CBT in the management of chronic pain. CBT is a useful way to treat the pain, but not the mood of the pain. It has been used for many years, but most have been done in a way that is not very good, and so we do not know if CBT would be regarded as good enough to be sure that it works in the long term. We found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and 'astrophising' (i.e. the condition in which the pain is worse than pain on its own) in the short term. It is effective in the longer term, and has no effect on mood. There is no need for more research to find out which CBT works best for which type of patient.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies that assessed the impact of any of these interventions. We found 15 studies that met our criteria. We included 15 studies with more than 260,000 people. None of them were from lower-income or low-income countries. All of them had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were carried out). Ten of them (64,798 participants) gave us information on the effect on salt intake from pre-intervention to post-initiation. Five of them showed that the reduction in salt intake in the diets of people living in countries with or in places where the salt in their diets ranged from 1.15 grams per day less to 0.35 grams/day less per person. Two of the studies showed that there was an increase in salt in the blood of people in both Finland (1.15 mg per day) and the USA (0.35 mg per year). We were not able to combine the results from all of these studies, but we were able to analyse the results for the main outcome (the amount of salt consumed per day). For men, five of the 15 interventions (Austria, China, Finland, France, USA, UK, and UK) showed that salt in people's food was less in the short term (up to six months). For both men and women, three of the 10 interventions (involving 2861 participants) showed a decrease in salt consumption from the pre-term to the post-term. We were unable to determine whether the change in mean salt intake was made in the long term (from pre- and post-year). We found that many of the trials were of low or very low quality, which means that their results may not be valid. We did not find any harmful effects of the intervention. We assessed the quality of the evidence for our main outcomes (amount of salt intake) as very low. This was due to issues in the way the research was carried out and the variation in the direction and size of the effect across the studies.
This is an update of the review of drugs used to treat sleep bruxism in adults. After a wide search for all randomised and quasi-randomized trials (RCTs) in July 2013, we found seven RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. All of them had a low risk of bias. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one small study), clonidine (one study), propranolol (one large, double-blind study), levodopa (one trial) and tryptophan (one single small, cross-over study) were compared with a control group (placebo). All of the drugs were compared to a group who did not receive any treatment. The results for most of the comparisons were imprecise because the numbers were too small to be sure that the effects of the treatments were the same as if the treatment was given to the same group. The effects of each drug on the ability to control sleep, movement, pain and quality of life were uncertain. There were many side-effects in the studies, such as drowsiness, tiredness in the evening, difficulty waking in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia (shortness of breath). Clonidine was associated with long-term low blood pressure in three out of 16 people who took it. The use of other drugs (levodopa and bromcriptine) did not cause any side-effect. There was not much evidence on the use of drugs for the treatment of sleep Bruxism. L-tryptophan is a drug used for the control of heart rate and blood flow in the night. It is inexpensive and easy to use. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 10 studies with 1015 adults with ARDS. All of the 10 studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplemental omega-3 fatty acids (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenaic acid, and gamma-linolenic acid) with a control group that received usual care. We are uncertain about the effects of the use of immunonutrition in ARDS due to the very low quality of evidence. For the main outcome of death, we found no difference in all-cause death (longest time on the ventilator). For the other outcomes of length of stay in the ICU, we are uncertain due to very low- or low-certainty evidence. We also are uncertain whether the addition of extra omega-2 or 3 fatty acids to the usual care leads to an increased risk of adverse events such as heart events. We assessed some of the quality of the evidence as very low due to problems in the methods used in the study.
This is an update of a review published in 2012. We found 33 randomised or quasi-randomised, double-blind, and cross-over study of the same topic in a wide range of questions and methods for answering them. We were able to combine the results from two of these studies, which showed that when the question method was used, more than twice as many AEs were identified by the AEs as by the control method. However, we were not able to pool the results as there were too few participants in the control group for us to be able to analyse them. This means that we do not know if the methods used to assess whether AEs are better or worse in terms of whether they are more or less likely to be missed by the staff or patients. We believe that methods to ask the AE can lead to more AEs than when they are not asked. There is a risk that when we use a more general method, we may miss some AEs that may be of value to the research.
We found 582 records from the search strategy. We searched for all of these in a wide-ranging way. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We included in the review 381 records from various search strategies. We assessed 364 records based on the content of the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. We were able to combine the results of 154 of these studies (with a total of 616 participants) and found that the use of a no-nausea alarm at night to check for signs of a child's nocture at night was associated with a very low risk of death in one study. We did not find any difference in the number of people who died from any cause. We excluded 15 studies: eight of these did not assess the best way to prevent a child’s nocturism, and five of the studies assessed the best method for reducing the risk of an epileptic seizure. One study is still in progress. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of autogenic drainage in adults with cystic fibrosis. We found seven trials with 208 participants. The age of the participants ranged between 7 and 63 years with a wide range of severity of disease. Six of the trials included adults who were clinically stable (i.e. stable and stable), whilst in one study one participant had had a flare-up of their disease. The duration of the studies ranged from four days to two years. All the trials compared autogenic airway to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance techniques. None of the comparisons were of the autogenic method (forced expiratory volume in one second (the amount of air that a person can breathe out in one breath), sputum weight (the weight that is pumped out in a second) or the amount of oxygen in the blood (hypoxaemia, a drop in oxygen levels that occurs when air is passed through the airway). One study reported on adverse events and found that autogenic ventilator use was not as good as postural (where air is pumped around the body) airway. The quality of the evidence was assessed as low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of the quality were the use of a cross-over design (participants and their physiotherapists knew which method the patient had been assigned to; this makes it hard to assess the risk of bias in the results. The studies did not have a large number of participants and were not large in terms of the number of deaths or the need for hospitalisation due to flare-ups of the disease. Further research is required to better assess autogenic drain use. Autogenic drainage is a challenging technique that requires commitment from the participant. As such, this method should not be used in routine practice.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of CBT in the treatment of GAD. Based on a wide search of the literature, we found twenty-five studies (1305 participants) that compared CBT with either TAU/WL, or with other psychosocial therapy in the short-term. We found that CBT, based on the CBT method, is more effective than TAU and WL in the long-term in both improving the quality of life and the reduction in anxiety, worry and depression symptoms for patients with GAD, although we were not able to draw any firm conclusions as to which psychosuppressive method is best. We need more research in the longer term to find out if CBT should be used as the first choice in the management of anxiety in GAD patients.
Twelve trials (1,856 women) were included in the review. The trials were a mix of multicentre and single-centre trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. In five of the trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in the remaining four the progestogen administration was compared with no treatment. The evidence is up to date as of 12 June 2017. The included trials were of mixed quality. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most aspects. The meta-analysis of all trials (1684 women) suggested that there may be a low birthweight (low birth rate) for women who had progestogens compared to control. There was no clear difference in the rate of preterm birth (i.e. birth in which the baby is born before term). No clear differences were seen for the other outcomes of neonatal death (fetal or neonatal deaths), stillbirth (births of the baby), low birth weight (involving less than 28 weeks of life) or admission to a special care unit (where the child is cared for). None of the studies reported on any of the other important outcomes of morning sickness, thromboembolic events (such as death of the blood clot in the brain, heart or lungs), depression, the need for the child to be cared for in special care, or birthweight of the child. The quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low to very low.
We searched for all randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised studies that assessed psychosocial interventions for the prevention of drug use in pregnant women with a low risk of pre-term birth. We found 14 studies with 1298 women. Nine of the 14 studies (704 women) looked at the use of cognitive-behavioural interventions (CMIB) in the management of stress and anxiety in the first 12 weeks after birth, and five of the MIBs (594 women) compared them to a control group. We did not find any study that assessed other types of interventions. Most studies did not report on the health of the mother or her baby, and so we were not able to assess the impact of psychosoc interventions on the outcomes for both the mother and her child. For the review, we found that the quality of the evidence was low for both CM and MIB, and low for MIB.
We found 31 randomised studies (involving 27, for the most part, over 27,000 participants) that compared the use of the transradial method with the transfemoral method. The risk of bias in the studies was low or low for most aspects. We found that the transralial method reduced short-term net harms (i.e. death, heart attack, and stroke) in the short term, as assessed up to 30 days of follow-up. However, the risk of death and heart attack in the long term was similar in both groups. We also found that there was a lower risk of all-cause death, bleeding, and adverse events (such as adverse events due to blockage of the access to the heart or aortic valve) in those who were assessed up until 30 days later. There was no information on the long-term outcomes. We assessed the quality of the evidence for each outcome using the GRADE approach. For most of the outcomes, we downgrades due to the low quality of evidence.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of palliative care for adults with an acute illness. We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions for carer-provider care in care homes for people with Alzheimer's disease. Both RCTs were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the fact that it was not possible to mask the carer and the patient to the treatment group), which means that we were not able to combine the results. One RCT (99 participants) looked at the effect of a patal care team (a team of health care providers who are trained to care for the carers of adults with a wide range of carers) for those who were in the care home. The other study (256 adult carers, each with a family carer), which was re-analysed for the purposes of the review, found that the intervention reduced the amount of feeding for those in the intervention group (from 0.3 to 0.4 units less per day). We found no difference in the risk of death in hospital, the number of people who had to forgo the need to be resuscitated in hospital or the quality of the care that carers provided. In one of the studies, the intervention increased the chances that the family carers were able to discuss options with the clinician (from 1.57% to 2.64%), but we were uncertain about both results. In the other study, the families who were asked about the best way to provide care for their carers' care could not make a decision about which meal for their own carers. We were unable to pool the data due to differences in the interventions and the settings in the RCT. We are very uncertain about the effects of interventions. There is a need for more research in this area. The fact that there are six ongoing studies at the time of this review shows that there is an increase in interest in this field by researchers.
This review of three well-conducted randomised trials (1166 women) found that there was no difference in local recurrence, death from any cause, relapse-free and metastasis-free survival if RT was used in conjunction with chemoradiation for women with breast cancer if it was done within seven months after surgery. On the other hand, there was an increased risk of neutropenia (blood infection) in the RT group.
We found nine RCTs (involving a total of 622 participants) that assessed the effects of CrP in overweight or obese adults. The trials were all short- to medium-term (up to 24 weeks) in length. Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with no CrP (placebo), and the other three trials (compared CrP alone with a placebo. All trials were short-term in length (from 12 to 16 weeks), and had a low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to lack of reporting of some or all of the outcomes). We found that CrP does not seem to have an effect on body weight (weight loss of 1.1 kg over 1.4 kg in the short term (12 weeks) and body weight of 0.001 kg over 2.0 kg over 4.0 weeks in the longer term (16 weeks). No firm conclusion could be drawn from comparing CrP to a placebo for body weight measure (body weight, body mass index (kg/m2), body weight, percentage body fat weight, change in waist weight, or waist weight. Only three of the nine studies reported on side effects (adverse events). There were two serious side effects in 1000 people who took 1000 µg CrP, and one serious side effect in 400 participants who took 400 micrograms CrP. Only one of the participants who received placebo stopped taking CrP due to side effects. No study reported on death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life, economic measures (e.g. cost of care), morbidity or economic effects of the CrP use. We found no firm evidence to guide us on the best CrP dose to be most effective and safest in the long term. The most of the studies were of low or very low quality, mainly due to the way they were carried out.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of any antiseptic or antibiotics in the healing of wounds after surgery in 2013. Most of the RCTs were small and some did not use methods that could be easily analysed. This made it hard to be sure that the findings were valid. Only a few studies were found to be of high quality and they compared a wide range of antiseptics in a range of surgical wounds. Only one study found that sucralfate cream was better than a plain mesh dressing for healing wounds after haemorrhoidostomy. There was no clear difference in the time taken for wounds to heal. There were more open wounds in the honey group when treated with a honey-soaked gauze over three weeks' follow-up. Triclosan is a drug used to treat blood clots and is used in the form of a dressing. We did not find any difference in time for wound healing when Triclofenac was used in one study. There is no evidence to show whether or not any of the antisepsics/antibiotics are superior to each other in terms of the rate of wound healing after surgery. There are too few studies to be able to draw conclusions about the effects of any of these treatments. More research is needed.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We found five randomised trials with a total of 1049 women that assessed five methods of performing CVS in 2004. Three of the trials were in the UK and one each in the USA and the USA. We did not find any evidence that any of the techniques or method used in the CVS were any better than the others. For the amniocentesis, there were three interventions assessed - intramuscular progesterone, hexoprenaline and using high or low puncture sites for late 'blinding during CVS. Each of them was assessed in a single small study. None of them were found to be of any benefit. For terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration, there was no evidence of benefit. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-non-RCTs that assessed the use of maize flour with folic acid or other micronutrients in healthy adults or children. We found 10 randomised trials (involving 477 adults and adolescents) and three non-injective time series (in which time points ranged from two weeks to seven years), with a range of 12 to 36 months. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2017. We did not find any RCTs on the effects of the maize flour on the risk of death from any cause. Only one RCT on the effect of the wheat flour on total brain defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele (anencephaly (poor brain growth), compared to unfortified flour, was found. In one non-rCT on children, there were no effects on haemoglobin or anaemia (low levels of iron in the blood). We found no studies on the impact of the flour used to make flour for wheat flour lozenges. We are uncertain about the effect on brain defects because none of the studies assessed whether or not the damage to the brain was caused by the flour flour used in the flour. Folate levels in the ceremies of adults and children were higher in those who had folic-fortified wheat flour (very low- or very low-certainty evidence). Folic acid levels in women who consumed maize flour had higher levels of erythrocyte (a type of amino acid) in their blood compared to those who did not. There was no difference in the levels of folate in their own flour. Haemoglobin and anaemia were not affected. We were not able to assess whether the amount of folic in their food was affected by the type of flour used. The quality of the evidence was very low to very low due to risk of bias for most of the results.
We found two trials with 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years of age and a range of 12 to 24 months of age. One of the trials (involving 210 neonates) assessed the use of screening for CF in the first three years of life. We found that at the age of seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function tests that were at least 89% of the predicted range. This means that for most people screened, lung tests were worse than for those who were not screened. Results were no longer significant after adjustment for genotype, risk factors for cancer (i.e. age, weight, and body weight), or for the presence of Pseudomonas aeruginosa in the blood. In the screened group, colonisation of the lungs occurred much earlier than in the control group. We also found that screening through screening is less expensive than the traditional method.
We found five trials with a total of 7314 people with high blood pressure and high risk of stroke. We found only one trial (involving 4734 participants) that compared 'targeted' blood pressure (upper target= 120 mmHg) with'standard' systolic blood pressure targets. This study showed that aiming for a diastolic blood blood pressure target that was lower than the current'recommend in line with the guidelines for blood pressure control in adults with raised blood pressure did not lead to fewer deaths, heart attack, heart failure, or stroke. There was no difference in the risk of heart failure or stroke between the two groups. There were no deaths in the 'lower' target group. There were no serious adverse events in any of the trials. End-stage renal failure and death from any cause were not reported in any trial. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review of 14 trials (709 participants) found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in the healing of diabetic plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. No firm conclusion can be drawn from this study as to which is the best way to treat these ulcers. No conclusions can be made as to the best method of surgical debridement of ulcers; dressing for the ulcer; feeling fitted to the foot; or use of a felted foam dress.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. We found five studies (involving a total of 235 people with breast cancer) that met the criteria for this review. All five of the studies were of breast cancer survivors and all had a high risk of bias (i.e. a high chance of bias due to the way they were carried out). Two of the six interventions we looked at were a type of cognitive training (two of them were of a type that used computers, one of which was of a form of meditation (one was of meditation) and one of a psychosocial (medicine-based) intervention (both of which were of yoga). We did not find any evidence that any of the interventions reduced the risk of, or the rate of, cognitive impairment after systemic cancer treatment. We did find some low-quality, single-centre studies that did not show any benefit from the interventions. There is a need for more research in this area in order to find out if the interventions can help people with cancer not only to live longer, but also to be more active in their daily life.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared chlorpromazine with piperacetazine in people with schizophrenia. We found five trials, all from the 1970s, with 343 participants. We only found short-term data from the trials, which we assessed as very low quality. The results of this review show that, in terms of global state improvement, when assessed by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference in global state in favour of chlorpromazine. In terms of side effects, around 60% of participants in both treatment groups had at least one side effect, with around 40% in the treatment group experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear differences in the number of people who dropped out of the trial were seen. No difference in side effect rates was seen between the treatment groups. No evidence was found for the effects of the drugs on the negative symptoms or the costs of treatment. No firm conclusions could be made based on such data. More high quality research is needed.
The use of colonic stent in malignant colorectal blockage is safe and seems to be as safe as the emergency surgery with no difference in the mortality and morbidity between the two groups. The stent is placed in the centre of the colon. When placed, the stent does not need to be removed as there is no blood in the blood. However, when placed back in place, a small amount of blood is lost. The use of a colon stent results in less blood loss and shorter stay in hospital.
We found nine RCTs (1867 women) that looked at the effects of human albumin, HES and mannitol (two trials) or HES (one RCT) on OHSS in women at high risk of OHSS. We did not find any evidence that any of the three drugs had any effect on live birth rates. There was some evidence that HES reduced the rate of moderate and severe OHSS rates in high risk groups (involving 1069 high risk women). There was not enough evidence to reach any firm conclusion on the use of HES in low risk groups. There appeared to be no effect on the rates of live birth. There were no data on adverse events. The evidence was of very low quality for all comparisons. The main risk of bias was imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and lack of blinding of the outcome assessor.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found no evidence for the use of sclerosant in the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs, but there was some evidence from one study that polidocanol (1% at a dose of 1% compared with less than 0.5 mg/mL) was more painful than hypertonic saline, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) at 1% was more likely to cause side-effects than the placebo (0.5%). There was no difference between any of the sclerosing agent(s) and placebo for any other scleroscopy-related outcomes. There was not enough evidence to be sure that any sclerogenic agent is superior to any other. There is a need for more research in the field.
This is an update of the review of drugs used to treat high blood potassium levels in adults. We searched for randomised trials (RCTs) published up to July 2013. We found seven RCTs (involving a total of 241 participants) that compared various drugs with each other or with a placebo (i.e. a fake drug) in adults with high blood pressure. No study looked at the effect of drugs on death from any cause, heart rate or rate of heart rhythm. Salbutamol appears to be the drug most suitable to be used to lower the levels of potassium in the blood. This was shown with the use of either a nebulizer or a metered-dose (MDI) inhaler. Intravenous (IV) and nebulised (nebulised) salbutamodialysis (where a tube is passed down the airway through the skin) with a dose of 1.2 mg/min (1.18 mmol/L) appear to be most beneficial. Insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline were not studied in any trial. None of the other drugs used in the treatment of high blood sugar levels were shown to be effective. No adverse events were reported in any of the seven studies. No side effects of the drugs were found in the trials. No trial found that any drug reduced the risk of death or heart rhythm in the first six months after using them. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found 39 studies (involving 4216 people with HD) that met our criteria for the review. Antibiotics are used to prevent blood clots in the CVCs to prevent clots from developing in the major arteries of the heart. Antimiotics are often used to reduce the risk of a blood clot in the catheters. However, there is a lack of research in this area involving the use of antibiotics in the treatment of clots caused by HD. We searched for new research in 2015 and 2017 and found four new randomised controlled trials. We are uncertain as to the effect of using antimiotics for the control of the clots due to the low and very low quality of the evidence. Therefore, we are not able to be certain about their use. There is a need for more research in the area.
This is an update of the review published in 2013. We found 15 randomised trials (involving 1098 participants) that compared pre-emptive therapy with antiviral prophylaxis to prevent CMV in adults who had CMV when CMV was found in their blood. Eight of the 15 studies (753 participants) looked at the use of pre-etiopoietic drugs (antibodies that prevent the spread of the virus to the body) and one (injective drugs) used oral use. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. Pre-etic drugs are effective for the prevention of CMV disease when used to treat graft loss, loss of the graft to graft graft, acute rejection (when the graft fails to graft at all) and all-cause death. There were no differences in the risks of graft loss or loss of donor cells. Leucopenia (low white blood cell counts) was the most common adverse event (leukopenia is a lack of white blood cells). Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. There are too few RCTs to be able to assess the effects of using pre-epoetic therapy to reduce the number of deaths or the rate of rejection or death from any cause.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of sweet potato for the control of blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus. We found three RCTs (a type of food with a high risk of bias) that included a total of 140 participants. The trials were performed in a range of six weeks to five months, with a mean age of 36 years and a mean follow-up of 12 months. All three studies were performed by the same trialist, Ben Gray, from Rethink. The quality of the studies was low to very low. No serious side effects were found. None of the three studies reported on death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to recommend the use of sweet spoon for type 2 blood sugars.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies that assessed the effects of the active cycle of breathing techniques in adults with cystic fibrosis. We found 19 studies with a total of 489 adults. The age of the adults ranged from six to 63 years. Most of the studies were cross-over (i.e. the people in the control group knew when they were in the experimental group and when in the intervention group; this may have influenced the results in some of the outcomes assessed). Most studies did not report on key quality items, which means that we do not know many of the key results. We also found that the average age of participants ranged from 22 to 23 years old, and that follow-up in most studies ranged from one to three years. We did not find any long-term randomised trials (studies that last for at least three years), which were of high or very low risk of bias. However, most of the trials did not blind the participants or the physiotherapists to the type of treatment being used, which could have led to bias in the methods used in the study. The results of five studies (192 adults) were combined in an overview (meta-analysis). There was no difference in quality of life, sputum weight, lung function, or the number of lung exacerbations (flare-ups) in any of the three treatment groups. There was also no significant difference in the amount of oxygen in the blood (hypoxaemia) in one of the two or three times a week between the active cycles of breathing technique and the airway oscillation (a method of oscillation in which air is pumped through the lungs using a high volume of airway airway gas to increase blood oxygen). Most people (99%) in five studies preferred the autogenic drainage method over the control method. More people in two of the control groups preferred autogenic (clear air) drainage over the intervention method. In one group (the control group) more people preferred the use of an autogenic ventilator. In the other group (95 adults) more adults (65 adults) preferred the active therapy method. No differences were seen in the rate of lung function or number of flare-ups. All other outcomes (outcomes that were not assessed or not assessed) were either not measured or had too few data for us to be able to assess them. Overall, we found that there is not enough evidence to be sure that the active method works better than any other airway clearance therapy.
We found eight RCTs with 733 infertile women undergoing IVF cycles that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the standard insemination method. Live birth was not reported in any of the eight trials. The low risk of bias in the studies was high for the live birth rate and low for the pregnancy rate. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. The included RCT showed that short co-insemination with short-term insemination may lead to an increase in the rate of ongoing pregnancy and a lower rate of clinical birth. There was no evidence to suggest that short-co-injection of sperm or oocytes resulted in more live birth rates. More trials are required to assess if brief co to incubation would lead to a higher live birth and a reduced miscarriage rate. We assessed the quality of the evidence for live birth as low due to the lack of reporting in the trials.
In this review, we found five randomised trials (involving 694 infants) that compared a long-term (six weeks or more) ventilator support with a short-term ventilatory support. We did not find any difference in the incidence of BPD. However, the use of a long ventilater resulted in an increase in the rate of air leaks and deaths in the first six weeks after birth. We recommend that all newborns ventilated at least six weeks post birth should be ventilated.
We searched for all randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of TFU in adults. We found 33 RCTs with 5110 patients. The TFU has been used in many patient groups. There is a large variety in the way the TFU is carried out (the health providers who undertook theTFU, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many outcomes have been assessed, although only a few were assessed in a few studies. The quality of the studies was low. We were not able to pool the results of many of the analyses due to differences in the methods used in the studies. This means that we were only able to analyse a few outcomes for a few of the eight meta-analyses that we included in the meta-analysis. Overall, we found no evidence about the effect of using TFU. No adverse effects were reported in the trials. Although some studies found that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, we were unable to find out whether or not TFU would have the same results for most of the outcomes. In summary, we do not know if TFU should be used.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2012. In this update, we found 38 randomised trials, which we assessed for the first time. We found six broad types of strategies to increase the number of people who return to trial sites for the next trial. These were incentives for people to return to the sites where they received the questionnaires (e.g. the use of a non-monetary value for money), incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, case management strategies, behavioural strategies, and a 'package' of incentives and a questionnaire. There were few evaluations of ways to reduce the rate of missing data from the trial sites. One way to improve the rates of the return of questionnaires was the addition of a'monetary incentive' (i.e. the cost of the test for each item of the questionnaire for each person) for each participant. This was not shown to be more or less effective than the standard method of no intervention. There was no evidence to suggest that a telephone survey was more effective than a questionnaire or a letter. Other strategies, which were assessed in single trials, did not seem to work well. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found eight randomised, double-blind, and cross-over studies involving a total of 829 adults. We found six studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not yet been published; the other five studies were not yet available. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events (i.e. no events in the control group). We assessed the effect of the devices on the amount of airway that was needed to breathe, how much air was needed, and how much time it took to breathe. We also looked at the level of obstruction that the devices caused. We did not find any difference in the risk of death, sore throat, cough, regurgitation, coughing, or excessive leak of the tube that was used to breathe for the patients. We do not know from the available evidence whether the airways that are used for ventilator are better or worse than those that are not. The ProSeal laryngeal mask airway makes a better seal and seems to be more suitable than the Classic larynxal mask for using them for breathing than the Larynx airway. However, we are not sure if it is faster or safer to use. None of the studies reported on nausea or vomiting. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by the GRADE score, is low. This is due to a lack of precision in the results of the review.
We found 19 RCTs, published from 1984 to 2017, with a total of 1453 participants. Most of the participants were aged between six and 18 years. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen of the 19 trials (involving 1453 children) looked at the use of probiotics to treat children with diarrhoea (i.e. under the skin) and found that probiotics reduced pain in the short term (from one to five months). There was no reduction in pain at the same time as pain in adults when probiotics were used. We found that children treated with probiotics reported less pain at zero to three months later than those who were not using probiotics. There was also less pain in children who were given a low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharide, disaccharides, monosacchanides and polyols) diet (one trial), although there was only one trial of high-favourable (high-calorie) diets (one study). We judged the evidence for both of these outcomes to be of low or very low quality. We also found that there was not much evidence for the effects of probiotic use on children's school performance, or their mental health (which we were not able to assess). We assessed the quality of evidence for pain as low due to problems in the way the studies were run and reported, and very low or low quality due to inconsistency in the results. We assessed pain as moderate for children who received probiotics, as we were able to combine the results from many of the studies.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies that investigated the effects of mass media on the level of bias in the general public (i.e. bias due to the way in which the research was carried out). We found 22 studies, with a total of 4490 participants. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. The findings of the review indicate that mass media interventions may have a small to moderate effect in decreasing bias, and that they may reduce the levels of bias from that associated with schizophrenia to that in the longer term (from 1 week to 2 months). However, there is not enough evidence to know if they have an effect on the amount of bias caused by their use. We found few studies, most of which were carried out in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the main target group. There is a need for more research in this area, to find out which types of mass interventions work best, to be able to better understand which kinds of mass messages work most, and to fill in the gaps left in this review by those who have not looked at many of the many studies that have been done.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies that looked at the use of ANC in healthy pregnant or postnatal women, or both, in order to assess whether or not they were provided with good-quality care. We searched for these in a wide-ranging way. We found 85 studies that took place in 41 countries, most of which were in the USA, in both high- and low-income countries. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant women, 17 of which included the views of healthcare providers (providers of the care), and 22 of which involved both women and their healthcare providers. The evidence is up-to-date as of 12 June 2017. We grouped the results of all these into three main areas: (1. the quality of the evidence for each of these outcomes; (2. the impact of the interventions on the health of women and staff; and (3. the cost of the intervention). For the first, we grouped the findings of all three. For the latter, we divided the findings into three categories: (i.e. what is the best way to provide care; (ii. the best ways to provide the best care; how much or how often to ask for money; and what is best to charge for the services; and 4. the most cost-effective way to give the best service. For all three of these, we found that providing good-enough and safe care for pregnant women with good quality care for their own health, or for those who need for care (or for those in need of them), was based on their views and views. For women, whether they use ANC or not depends on their belief that using it for the first time will be a good experience. Whether they continue to use it or not (whether they use it when they access it) and their experience of how well it works. For healthcare providers, if they are good at doing their job, it is likely that they will be able to do their job well, as long as they are well trained and have adequate salaries. For staff providing and funding the services, if their salaries are high, they will need to use the funds to make sure that they can do their jobs well, and to ensure that they do not need to be 'burned' (that is, ask for more money to pay for their work). For staff who provide the services and the information that they give to the women, when they deliver them. If they are not good at providing good quality, safe and safe, then they will most likely be asked for money for their job (for example if they need to make extra time, or if they can recognise and respond to problems when they arise). We conclude that we have found that there is a great need for more high-quality research in this area.
Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review; three of the studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine and showed a favourable trend for the use of this drug in the treatment of SAH. The results for 'poor outcome' are based on a single large trial of nimadipine. For oral nimudipine alone the RR was 0.67 (95% CI 0.55 to 0.81), while for other calcitriol (calcium agonists) or intravenous (intravenous) treatment the results were not found to be clear. Calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after SAH when used to treat SAH in patients with SAH of atypical SAH with a low platelet count of 0.5.
We found three RCTs (involving 739 children) that assessed the effect of myeloablative therapy in children with high-risk neuroblastoma. The first search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database found one RCT, which was included in the first update of this review, and the second update found an erratum of the same RCT. The search was last carried out in 2013. The included RCT was conducted in the Netherlands, France, the UK and the USA. All three trials included children with a mean age of one year and a mean follow-up of 18 months. In one of the trials (379 children) the risk of death from any cause was twice as high in the treatment group as in the control group. In the other study (894 children) there was no difference in the number of deaths between the two groups. There were no differences in adverse effects or in quality of life between the treatment groups. However, in one study (379 patients) there were more cases of lung and blood cancers in the group of patients in which the risk was increased in comparison with the group receiving the control. In two of the three trials (360 children) when additional data were available for the review, overall survival and event-free survival (the rate at which the child lives) were better in favour of the intervention group. There was no evidence of an effect on the rate of death when additional results were available. No conclusions can be made about adverse effects and overall survival, although the possibility of higher levels of side effects should be kept in mind. All studies had some limitations in the way they were designed and carried out.
We found eight trials (632 participants) that compared TACE plus 3-DCRT with TACE alone. The mean age of the participants ranged from 16 to 78 years. All eight trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way they were run and reported). The follow-up duration of the trials ranged from 2 months to 38 months. We found low- to very low-certainty evidence that the use of TACE and DCRT for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma may reduce the risk of death and tumour response (the amount of tumour shrinkage of the tumour) and the amount of bilirubin in the blood when used to treat the cancer. We are very uncertain about the effect on serious adverse events and quality of life. The quality of the evidence for most of the results was low or very low.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of increasing the amount of energy in the diets of preterm babies born before term who are stable but still need some protein and/or fat in their feeds. No trial was found that looked at this in preterm infants who were stable but not growing well. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth in the short term (up to three months) up to the end of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study looked at the effect of increasing energy intake but not on the body weight (kg/m2). It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designed feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, oedema (swelling) and the diuretic (diuretic) requirements. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of a review published in 2013. We found 13 randomised trials (involving 2341 participants (with 2360 procedures) that compared two-phase (subclavian vein and femoral vein) ultrasound for catheters. Most of the evidence was of low or very low quality for most of the outcomes. For the subclavial vein, we found that the use of two-dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of accidental puncture of the artery (femoral vein), as well as the number of times it had to be used to fit the catheter. No evidence was found of a difference in total or other serious or non-fatal adverse events. No data were found on death or the time it took to insert the catheture. No adverse events were found. The results for Doppler (sublavian, femoral, and sonogram) ultrasound techniques are uncertain. No information on the safety of the devices was available. Based on the evidence available, we are unable to draw any conclusions as to which method is the best to use.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2004. We found 15 studies on the use of this drug in people with Alzheimer's disease. Four of them used intravenous (injection of the drug into a vein) infusion; seven, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people, used a controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 participants used a verum skin patch. The results from two of the four studies of the control-release form apply only to a group of participants who were included in a pre-randomized trial. The best dose of physiostigmine (12 mg per day) was the best at 6, 12 weeks, and the worst at 12 weeks. There were more side effects in the physioprostol (nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, tremor, asthenia, sweating, dyspnoea, flop. At 24 weeks, there was no difference between the best and the placebo at 24 weeks. At 6 weeks, the worst and best at least one side effect each were found in the ADAS-Cog, which was the worse at 6 and 12 weeks respectively. At 12 weeks in the fixed dose (mean 33 mg/day), fixed dose physioproximal dose was associated with more side-effects in the control group. The lower dose (delivering mean dose 5.7mg/day) was not as good as the better at improving the quality of life of patients. There was no improvement in cognition (cognition). In one of the two studies of a skin patch, which used a higher dose of 12 mg a day, there were more adverse effects.
We found 13 trials (16,112 participants) that compared fibrates with no fibrate in people with recent stroke. Eleven of the 13 randomised trials (involving 12,064 participants) were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions due to the way the trial was run and reported). We found that there was no increased risk of death from any cause, heart attack, or stroke. There was no increase in the rate of adverse events with fibres when compared to control. The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was moderate. This means that the true results are likely to be close to what we found, even if we did not find them. However, we did find that there is a chance that if we excluded clofibrate from the analyses, we would not have found that the drug was no longer effective in preventing the main outcome (the rate of non-fatal stroke, heart attacks, and death from heart attack or stroke). There is a need for more research in this area.
This review of 12 studies (involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of high-risk of excessive blood loss) found that the use of prophylactic uterotonics (when used in addition to usual care) decreased blood loss and decreased the need for blood transfusions in the short term (up to two hours post birth). There is not yet any evidence on the effects of the drug on death or the rate of thromboembolic events (such as heart attack or stroke). Side effects such as nausea, nausea and dizziness were more likely in the group of women having vaginal birth than in those who had CS. There were not enough data to be able to draw conclusions about serious side effects, although there was an increase in the risk of minor side effects. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 adults) that assessed the effect of amantadine (in children and adults) compared with paracetamol (in adults) or zanamivir (in elderly) to treat influenza A in both adults and children. We did not find any randomised or quasi-randomised studies assessing the effectiveness of the drug in the elderly. The evidence is up to date as of December 2015. We found that in children (between two and 16 years of age) amantudine was effective in preventing flu in the first three days of treatment (10 per 100 versus 10 per 100) and reducing the risk of flu on the third day (38 per 100 in adults). In adults (aged 18 years and over), amantodine was not associated with any benefit (14 per 100 vs 14 per 100). We found no evidence of side effects caused by the drugs. The quality of the evidence was low for both prevention and treatment of flu in children. For treatment in adults, we found only one study with low risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out) and only one trial with high risk of error (involving 69 adults). For prevention of flu, we downgraded the evidence from high to very low due to imprecision in the results.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the use of endometria in women undergoing IUI. We found nine RCTs with a total of 1512 women. Most of these were of low or very low risk of bias (i.e. at a high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a high chance of bias due to the way the study was carried out). In seven of the nine studies the women were in the IUI cycle and in two they were trying to conceive from sex. Eight of the trials (involving 1180 women) compared endometrial injury with no intervention or a'sham (pretend) treatment (placebo) procedure. Two of these two trials (comparing endometrium injury in the cycle prior to IUI with IUI in the same cycle as IUI) found no evidence of a reduction in the chance of live birth/ongoing pregnancy. The quality of the evidence was assessed as very low. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. No studies were of high quality. In all three of the comparisons there was no effect on the risk of miscarriage, ectopic (x-ray of the ovary) pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. No one in the study reported on the number of women who had bleeding after the endometra was inserted. When we looked at whether endometral injury reduced the rate of pregnancy or birth, we did not find any difference. The overall quality of evidence was very low for all comparisons. The main reasons for this were low or low were mainly due to issues in the design of the studies.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the impact of the use of oral care in nursing homes. We found four RCTs (3905 participants), all of which were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions). We did not pool the results from one RCT (N = 834 participants), which was stopped when we did not find a clear difference between groups. We were not able to determine whether oral care resulted in a lower rate of mortality due to pneumonia over an 18-month or 24-month period. There was low- or very low-certainty evidence from one study (involving 2513 participants) that oral care provided by a nurse may reduce the rate of death due to a range of reasons. Only one of the studies (834 participants) assessed the side effects of the care. The study found no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common reported side effect was tooth staining. We are uncertain as to whether any of the measures used to assess oral care are most beneficial. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low to very low.
Five RCTs (149 participants) were included in this review. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) and mesalazine (2 g/day plus cholestyramine) compared to placebo, beclometasone dipropionate (2.4 g daily for 4 to 12 months) or placebo. Budesonide is a drug used to treat patients with active lymphocytic colitis. Budesonide is an anti-inflammatory drug that is used to stimulate the growth of new cells in the colon. It is most commonly used in the treatment of colitis of patients who have a flare-up. Bedsonide was found to be more effective than placebo for inducing response (i.e. improvement in the appearance of the colitis) in the first 8 weeks after taking the drug. There were no differences in the response of the colon at 8 weeks and 12 months. Adverse events reported in the budeside study include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, high fever, nausea, sleepiness and headache. Nausea and skin rash are reported as side-effects. Side-effect rates in the mesalziadine study are not clear. No side-events were reported. In the bizesonide study, no adverse events were found. There is a lack of evidence for the use of budesonides for the induction of clinical and histological response in patients with a flare up of disease. There are no side effects in either group. Low quality evidence from two of the studies (bismuth subdominant subgroup) showed that budesone may be effective for induction of response. This needs to be confirmed by a large, placebo-controlled trial. Low risk of bias means that the results of the study were imprecise. The quality of the other three studies (methalazine, budesonide and beclomipionate) was judged as low due to a very small sample size and limited data. The evidence is up to date to June 2013.
We found 12 studies with 3259 people with type 2 diabetes who were able to use self-monitoring of blood glucose levels up to 12 months from the time of trial. Most of the studies were of high quality, with low risk of bias. Nine of the 12 studies compared SMBG with usual care, one of them was a three-armed study comparing SMBG and SMUG, and one study was a trial of less intensive SMBG (based on nine measurements per week) with standard care. The duration of the trials ranged from 6 months (26 weeks to 52 weeks. We found that self-management of blood sugar levels in the first year with the use of a reflectance (meter) can lead to a reduction in HbA1c (a long-term measure of glucose control) of 0.3% at up to six months follow-up. However, this was not seen at 12 months. We did not find any effect on well-quality of life of patients, or their overall well-being. We also looked at the costs of self-meter use. In one study, the cost of self monitoring of blood blood glucose was assessed based on nine measures per week, based on 12 times more than the costs for self-control of urine blood glucose. In the other trial, the costs were assessed in a way that allowed us to assess the costs and the amount lost to follow up. At the end of the trial, costs for the intervention were £89 (104 EURO [11/2011) for standard care (control group) and £173 (203 EURO] for the more intervention group. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not found to be significant. None of the included studies reported on morbidity (the rate of death or death from any cause). We conclude that when blood sugar control is over one year, self-termism (i.e. the amount of glucose in the blood of people not able to control their blood sugar) in patients who are not not using insulin is very low up to about six months after initiation of the study, and the effect on health-care costs is very modest. There is no evidence that SMBG affects the well-health of patients or their quality of life. More research is needed to explore the effect of SMBG on the quality of the health of patients' life and their ability to take care of their own body weight.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions for the prevention of drug use in adults with severe drug misuse. We found eleven studies with a total of 471 participants. Only five of the 11 studies (involving 276 participants) were of men, and the other five were of adults with male outpatients (inpatients are those who have recently been arrested for a crime) who had recently been involved in a violent attack. Most of the studies (three out of 11) focused on people who had been in prison for a long time. Only one of the three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; CBT with the 'CBT' approach; and the 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated' program) appeared to be effective, in terms of improving at least one outcome, although the quality of the evidence was very low. None of the trials found that any of the interventions led to any more or less aggressive or more aggressive than the controls. There were too few trials to be able to draw any conclusions about the best way to try to change the way in which drug use is assessed in this situation. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2013. We searched for all randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised studies that assessed the effects of the use of antibiotics for the treatment of the common cold in adults and children. We found six studies with up to 1047 adults. Five of the studies were of adults (up to 791 adults) and one of them was of adults only. We were not able to combine the results of the six studies that looked at the outcomes of the purulent rhinitis analysis because they did not use a method that would allow us to analyse them. There was a moderate risk of bias in five of the 11 studies. One study only looked at side effects and found that the risk of side effects was twice as high in adults (RR 2.62, 95% CI 1.32 to 5.18) as in children (RR 0.91, 95%; CI 0.51 to 1.63). There was an increase in side effect rates in adults when given for the acute purulent Rhinitis in four studies (723 adults) while there was no greater risk in adults in one study (RR 723). We did not find any difference in the number of people who were cured or who were still having symptoms when they were treated with antibiotics compared to those who were on a placebo (i.e. a fake medicine). There were more side-effect rates in people who received the antibiotic. There is no benefit from using the antibiotic for the cure or for the persistence of coughs and runny noses in either in adults or in children. There were too few people in the studies to be able to assess the effect of antibiotic use for both in children and in adults. There are too few side-effects in adults for the rate of use is high. We do not need to use the antibiotics for either for the control of the cough or the persistent cough in children or adults.
We found five trials (162 participants) that assessed the effects of antibiotics for the treatment of Guttate psoriasis. The participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years old, although two of them were younger than 15 years old. We did not combine the results of the trials as we did not have enough data to be able to pool them. One trial (43 participants) assessed penicillin (compared to erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) for GUTTococcus streptococcus-positive throat swab culture, and one trial (20 patients) assessed rifampicin (300 mg twice a day) compared with placebo (14-day treatment duration; six-week follow-up from the start of treatment); none of the outcomes of the two groups were assessed. One study (50 adults) assessed long-term azithromycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) with vitamin C. Adverse events were reported in 10 out of 30 participants (10 out of the 30 who had nausea and mild stomach upset), but not in the vitamin C group. The quality of the evidence is very low due to high risk of bias (i.e. we do not know if participants and their carers knew which group the participants were in) and imprecision (we do not have a very good idea of how the study was carried out). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 12 randomised trials (studies in which a group of people is assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) involving 933 people with MS. Eleven of the 12 trials (933 participants) assessed the effects of Vitamin D, and one trial (71 people) assessed Vitamin D₂. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on the rate of relapse, worsening of disability, and the amount of protein in the brain and spinal cord in the blood. Effects on quality of life and tiredness are not clear. One study (158 people) found that Vitamin D reduced tiredness at 26 weeks' follow-up. The other study (71 participants) found no effects of vitamin D at 96 weeks' time. One of the studies (158 participants) reported that vitamin D reduced fatigue compared with a control group. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence is low to very low. This is due to the low quality of evidence available for the main results.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found one new study in a search of the Cochrane Cates plot in December 2015. We included 62 studies, with a total of 4241 people with cancer pain of at least moderate or severe. Most of the studies were old, often small, and carried out in a way that meant they could not show that one type of medicine was any better than the other. Most studies did not have a large number of participants, and most did not use a method that allowed us to be able to compare the pain-relieving effect of one medicine over another. Only a few studies showed that pain was reduced from moderate or very bad to no worse than mild pain by one or two days in about 1 in 4 (24%) more people than in about 2 in 3 (30%) more participants. About 1 in 6 (32%) more patients than in the control group reported that their pain was painless at the end of the first day. This means that about one in six (17%) more of the participants who received the medicine had their pain reduced to mild or very low pain at the same time as the MIR group. Only one in five (6%) more adults than in our control group had good pain relief at the worst possible time. About one in four (6) more people had no pain at all at all with Mm/r compared with MIR, and one in eight (16%) out of five (43%) participants who had MIR with epidural (epidural) pain. In the last update of this review, we found no new studies, so we did not find any new studies. The quality of the evidence is very poor. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as the quality of evidence is low. More research is needed to find out how to best to best use the medicine.
We found 14 trials, with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years, and most of them were middle-aged (70%). The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. The evidence was of low or very low quality. Most of the evidence was based on only a small number of studies, which were small and had some risk of bias. We are uncertain whether open surgery is the best way to treat the symptoms of trigger finger for first-line treatment because the quality of evidence was very low. Although open surgery appears to be more painful than steroids, we are not sure whether it is as good as steroids because the results of one study were imprecise and the results from the other six or 12 months of follow-up were very uncertain. There were very few event rates (only a few) from six up to 12 months in the open surgery group, and we are uncertain if open surgery increases the risk of adverse events (i.e. tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis). We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as there are too few events reported in the studies for us to be able to draw any conclusions. Further research is very likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2008. We found three RCTs, with 931 participants, that assessed two types of neoadjuvant therapies: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies were blind (i.e. none of the participants or personnel were aware of whether or not the patients or their carers knew which therapy was receiving; this could have led to bias in the results. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, showed an improvement in overall survival (OS) with RT plus PCV, with a median OS of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm. This result was reported 10 years after the original 2008 Cochrane study, and was not apparent in the review. Furthermore, with the use of biomarkers, we found that in people with AO or AOA, when PCV was used together with RT, the risk of death from any cause appeared to be lower than with RT alone. However, use of PCV caused a large amount of side effects, with grade 3 and 4 side effect rates reported in all three trials. We were not able to find out which of these was the best way to treat the cancer.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All of the studies were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. The follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three studies (n = 137) looked at the use of intranasal corticosteroids to treat OSA in healthy, healthy, non-obese children. We did not include one study in the meta-analysis because the patients were not included in the review. We are uncertain about the effect of montelukast on the AHI (AHI: a measure of body body weight in kg/m2) in the short term (2 to 4 weeks). In the longer term (6 to 12 months), we are not sure if there is an effect on the amount of oxygen in the blood of the children (i.e. the oxygen level of the blood). We also do not know whether there are any long-term effects. We found that there were few side-effects in the studies, most of which were of mild to moderate in nature (e.g. apnoeas, hypopnoea, and breathlessness). In addition, there were no cases of surgery for OSA. There is not a need for surgery in OSA due to the lack of side-effect rates in the study groups. We assessed the quality of the evidence for the main outcome AHI as low due to imprecision of the results. For the other outcomes AHI and oxygen levels, we judged the evidence to be high for AHI, and low for the oxygen levels. We downgrades the certainty of the findings due to lack.
We found six randomised trials (involving 1291 participants) that compared low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) and antithrombin (AT) (low-dose warfarin, low-dose cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) to no intervention in children with CVCs. Of the six included RCTs/CCTs, five looked at the prevention of VTE, and one CCT compared AT with LMWH. All six trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way the study was carried out). We found no difference between low- and high-risk intervention groups in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE. None of the three CCTs included in the meta-analysis reported any harmful (adverse) events. In the experimental group, 1/68 (1.5%) children were diagnosed with symptemic VTE in the control group, as were 4/114 (3.5%), in the best case, in the asymptomatic group. All of the studies assessed the risk of major (or minor) bleeding episodes, and none found a difference between study groups. There were no other adverse events in any of the six trial groups. We found that low-methionm-based low-cost low-calorie low-cryoproxytetrahydrofolate (LWH) is a safe and efficacious drug for children with cancer who have a low platelet count. We did not find any difference between LWH and FFP in reducing the occurrence of blood clots in patients with cancer. However, this could be a result of the low number of participants in the RCT, which resulted in low quality of the evidence. In one trial, LWH was added to AT as an add-on to LMWH, and we found that the addition of LMWH to AT reduced the rate of symptopic VTE with the use of LWH. There was no difference in adverse events between the intervention group and the no intervention group. We assessed the quality of evidence for most of the outcomes, but not all of the analyses were of high quality. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review of three randomised trials of CSFD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery found that although CSFD does not seem to reduce the risk of death from any cause, it does not appear to be effective in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 13 RCTs, with a total of 662 participants, that investigated the use of NB-UVB for the treatment of people with psoriasis. We report the results of our main outcomes of interest: In one RCT, we found that in people with Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75, there was no difference in the clearance rate. In three other trials of CPP, the clearance rates were inconsistent. One RCT in the CPP group found no difference between the groups in terms of the rate of clearance rate, while in the other trial in the bath PUVA group there was a lower clearance rate (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.47 to 0.93; N = 93) in favour of oral PUVA. In the third trial of the NB- UVB with retinoid (re-PUVA) group, there were no differences in clearance rates. In people with PPP, one trial found no clear difference in clearance rate when NB-VB was used in the left-right body (the bath) body, while a parallel RCT with a parallel group found that it was more effective in the right body (bath PUVA). There were no clear results for the other trials. We are not able to make any conclusions regarding NB-UB as a treatment for psorosis based on our main outcome of global quality of life, as none of the trials reported our primary outcomes of use for this review. In general, we do not have enough information to draw any firm conclusion on the effectiveness and side-effect rates of this treatment. In practice, NB-UIB may be more convenient to use since exopic (x-ray) is not used for the final stage of phototherapeutic use. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is very heterogeneous and needs to be interpreted with caution.
This is a review of 21 randomised or quasi-randomised trials with a total of 1525 adults who had anal incontinence. We found that biofeedback plus electrical stimulation may be better than exercises alone. Adding biofeed back to an electrocardiograph showed that adding a sphincter test was better than using an electronic device to stimulate the anus. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome for any method of biofeedb or exercises. There were not enough data to be able to assess whether any method was superior to any other. There is a suggestion that adding biofeed to an electromyograph may be a better way to increase the chances of achieving full continence, but more research is needed. There are suggestions that rectal strength training may be more effective than sham training. While there is a very low risk of bias in most of the trials, about half of the studies were at low risk for bias due to the way they were designed and run.
This review of trials found that there were too few studies to be able to draw any firm conclusions about whether or not to use a catheter after surgery. Many of the trials were small and of poor quality, making it hard to be sure that one method is better than the other. There is a great need for more research in this area.
This review of 10 studies (3340 participants) found that aripiprazole is an effective treatment for mania in a population that includes adults, children, and adolescents, although its use leads to side-effect rates that can lead to adverse (side-effect) reactions (such as nausea, constipation, and diarrhoea). It is most often used in conjunction with valproate (valproate is used as an add-on treatment), although it is used in its own way. Evidence shows that at three and four weeks of treatment, participants who took aripelecapone (a drug used for manic symptoms) had less manic symptoms than those who received placebo (i.e. a fake drug). At three weeks of the study, no differences were seen in the efficacy of aripipelecalciferol (which is used to treat manic symptoms when used in a group) when compared with placebo. At 12 weeks, the use of haloperidol (an anticholinergic drug) was associated with more side-effects than aripioprazole. There were too few trials to be able to pool (combine) the data from aripiotrazole and other drugs used in the treatment of mania.
We found no RCTs or CCTs on the use of antibiotics to treat CVCs in children with cancer. We found one CCT comparing urokinase lock treatment with concomitant antibiotic (n = 56) with antibiotic alone, and one RCT with 15 patients with cancer who were treated with antibiotics alone. All studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). No adverse events were found in the studies. However, in some of the studies, the CVC malfunctioning was assessed in a way that did not allow us to be sure that there were no adverse events. We did not find any trials on antibiotic lock treatment alone. More well-designed trials are required.
This is an update of a review published in 2012. We found three main themes. Advice to encourage people to use their hands for pain-relieving skills at short-term follow-up (up to 12 weeks) and long-term (12 weeks) for acute whiplash-related pain. Information about how to use self-care strategies to manage pain and stress in work, and advice on stress-coping skills at work, were not shown to be helpful. Also, advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics were not useful. Exercise was not helpful for improving neck pain at any time of day. We did not find any evidence for the use of advice to change work tasks, work tasks or the way in which work was carried out. There is a need for more research in this area. This review has not shown that any of the three main objectives of education are effective. However, there is a great need for future research in the area.
This is an overview of studies that have looked at the best way to communicate with people at risk. The aim of the review was to see if there are ways to alert the public or policymakers about the need to alert them, and if communicating with them is best. We found no new studies for inclusion in this Cochrane review update. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature, which are from the same overview as the Cochrane reviews, were found that met the criteria for the review. We were able to combine the data from 49 of the 49 studies in a meta-analysis to give a summary. We conclude that there is not yet a clear answer to the question as to how best to warn the public and/or policymakers about a risk of communicating with the public about a person at risk, or to assess if communication is best in such a situation. We suggest that new studies should be carried out in this area.
We found one study (involving 304 adults, with RLS, with a mean age of 36 years, and a mean follow-up of 12 weeks. Opioids were used to treat RLS symptoms in the study. After 12 weeks, RSL symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the control group. More patients in the group using oxycodone and naloxone were drug responders (i.e. those who were able to get out of bed earlier than those in the placebo group), and there were more side effects in the treatment group. The number of remites (worsening of headache and nausea) was higher in the opioid group. Quality of life and the amount of sleep achieved by the drug was better than for those who did not use the drug. The major side effect reported by the study was diarrhoea, tiredness, and headache. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence (naps), tiredness during the day, and drowsiness at night. The quality of the evidence was low due to a high dropout rate (low).
This review of 15 trials, involving 1022 adults with distal radial fractures of the distal radius, found that there is some evidence to support the use of surgery for these fractures in adults. Although there is not yet a clear answer as to which is the best way to treat these fractures, there is a lack of evidence to suggest that surgery is best. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review of five studies (1127 patients) found that early removal of ureteric stents after kidney transplantation may reduce the rate of UTI while it is not clear if there is a greater risk of MUC. However, if an externalised PU stent is used there is no difference in the incidence rate. There were not enough data on the cost of care or on quality of life.
We found five studies that looked at three different types of crowns. Four of them compared crowns with fillings; one of them (11 participants) looked at crowns fitted with the Hall technique, and the other two (involving a mixed group) compared PMCs (fits with the hall technique) with fillments. One of the studies included a third group, which allowed the comparison of PMC (fitted using the Hall method) with non-restorative caries treatment. In the other studies, crowns were assessed in the short term (up to 12 months), in the long term (12 months or more) and in both short term and long term. Only one study (11 adults) found that crowns fit better than fillings to prevent gingival bleeding when they were used at the time of treatment. One study (10 adults) also found that the risk of pain caused by crowns when used was lower than when fillings were used. There are no RCTs comparing crowns to fillings. We are not able to draw any conclusions at this time, as there are no randomised controlled trial (RCTs) looking at the use of different crowns in the same place on the back of the mouth. There is a need for more research in this area. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns that are used to treat gums is very low. This means that we do not know if they are better or worse than other options.
We included a total of 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) in this update of the Cochrane Review. We found 22 of the 28 studies where the PEP technique was performed with a mask (mask used for most of the studies), in three studies where a mouthpiece was used (two studies where clips were used) and in three of the trials where the mask was used with nose clips (in one study where it was not clear whether a mask or mouthment was used). Eighteen studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (where air is passed through the airway through a mask), high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO, which is a method of clearing mucus from the lungs using a range of forceps or nasal prongs. We also found one study which used PEP with a mouthment, but we were not able to combine the data from all of these as most studies did not use a cross-over method (i.e. both the participants and the clinicians knew which treatment group the patient was in (18 studies). We found that when PEP was used for at least one year we did not see a reduction in the number of exacerbations (flare-ups) when we compared it to other methods of airway clearance. However, when we looked at studies that lasted for up to three months we found that the effect of PEP on the amount of mucus in the lungs was the same as other techniques. We did not find any difference in the quality of the evidence for the other outcome of forced expiratory volume in one second (forced expiration). We only found very low- to high-certainty evidence for other outcomes. There was only a small amount of evidence for adverse events. In one long-term high-quality study where both PEP and PDPV were used, there was little or no difference in terms of the rate of adverse events between the groups (high- and very low quality). In one low-quality trial where both infants and adults used a mask, this study showed that there was a greater rate of diarrhoea with PEP in the group (low quality evidence). In the study where infants used either PEP or PVDV, this was worse in the younger group (26 infants). In comparison with oscillating PEP, adverse events were only seen in the flutter group (22 babies). In PEP using a mask compared with oscillation PEP only five infants in the oscillation group complained of dizziness (low- and moderate-quality evidence). There was limited evidence on adverse events; these were measured in five studies, which found no events. There were very few adverse events reported in any of the two groups. Most of the included studies reported on all of the planned outcomes. Most studies measured all the outcomes in a way that allowed us to analyse them (e.g. number of dropouts from the study). Most studies were of poor or very poor quality as they did not clearly explain how the study was carried out. We conclude that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the treatment of adults with CF. It is important to note that airway use should be individualised according to the age of the child, severity of lung disease and the type of lung function of the participant. This means that we do not have a clear idea of the best way to clear the excess air from the lung.
We found four studies with 1485 adults over 18 years of age with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. All studies compared CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) to a placebo (i.e. a fake drug) for induction of remission and response at week 8. The mean age of the participants ranged from 18 to 21 years. Most participants were adults. The risk of bias in the studies was assessed as high for one study due to the use of a placebo and low for the other three. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to high for all the outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. The results of the meta-analyses showed that, in the short term (at week 8), the risk of serious side effects was low (8.7% in the control group and 6.2%) and could be twice as high (6.2%). In the long term (over a year), we are uncertain about the long-term efficacy and side-effect rates in Crohn’s disease patients. The most commonly reported side-effects are rash, skin rash, infections, and malignancy (a cancer), which are seen in about 1 in 4 (30%) more than in 1 in 5 (30.9%) of participants in the placebo group. We are uncertain as to whether serious side-events are the same in the two groups as the 95% CI (95% to 100%) means that the true risk is very low (from 0.93 to 1.97). Serious side-actions reported in all four groups were generally mild (e.g. rash, rash, and skin rash). The most common side-side-effects reported in the study groups were rash (4.3%), skin rash (2.0%), skin cancer (1.6%), and colorectal cancer (3.0%). The most reported side effects in the group of placebo were mild (4%). The evidence for the primary outcomes was of low to very low quality due to issues in the conduct of the study.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies that assessed the effects of any of these therapies in adults with CKD. We found 108 randomised, double-blind, and quasi-blinded randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 23,762 participants. The risk of bias in all 112 trials was high or very high. Of the 31 RCTs (23,762 patients) with data on CKD, 16 were of adults (16 in the CKD subgroup and 16 in the non-CKD sub-group, 16 of which were from the USA. The average age of the patients ranged from 59 to 71 years old, and the mean follow-up ranged from 16 to 2916 years. Most of the participants were followed up from three months to five years. In acute heart failure, we were uncertain about the effect of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death (any cause), heart failure or kidney function, high blood pressure, low blood sugar, or low blood pressure. In chronic heart failure (4 studies, 5003 participants), angiotensin receptor blockers (ARB), aldosterone antagonists (2 studies, 34 participants), and vasopressin antagonist (2 study, 1840 participants), we were not able to be certain about the effects on death. In beta-blockers (drugs that block clotting) may decrease the need for hospitalisation for heart failure. We were unable to be sure about the impact of ACEi or ARB on death due to sparse data or were uncertain due to very low evidence. Treatment with ACEi and ARB may lower the risk of death. There were too few studies to be able to determine if ACEi is beneficial or safe in the treatment of heart failure in the short term. We also found that treatment with sinus nodes inhibitors (blockers that block the action of oxygen in the blood) may lead to an increased risk of high blood glucose levels. We did not have enough evidence to be confident about the benefit or harm of anti-arrhythmia in the long term, as we did not find any evidence. We have not found any evidence to support the use of drugs to treat heart disease in adults. There is a need for more research in this area.
The review of three studies (involving 1945 women) found no deaths of the baby, but the risk of death of the mother was low (no deaths in the trial). The results of the review did not show that one method of monitoring the mother’s labour was better than any other for any of the outcomes assessed (apgar score less than 7.15, umbilical artery pH less than 8.0, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, or more than 48 hours hospitalisation). The pooled risk for the use of forceps or ventouse (forceps) for the management of the labour (including caesarean birth, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not clear (three studies). Hyperstimulation (the rate of heart rate and rate of rate of heartbeat) was similar in both groups (two studies). The overall risk of bias across the three trials was mixed (risk of bias was low for most of the results). No deaths were reported in the trials and no babies died.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effect of exercise in adults with CVI. We found two RCTs with a total of 54 participants. One of the studies (involving 30 participants) showed an increase in the change in the amount of blood in the blood and a decrease in the number of venous leg ulcers in the exercise group. The other study (included in the meta-analysis) reported no difference between the exercise and control groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of range of motion. Although muscle strength at slow speed did not differ between the two groups in this study, the rate of change in peak torque at fast speed was lower in the control group than in the intervention group. We did not find any evidence for the use of exercise to treat pain due to CVI in either study. We assessed both studies as at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way the study was carried out). Therefore, we judged the quality of the evidence as very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
Seventy-six randomised trials with a mean of 3 (range 1 to 5) were found. Forty trials compared hyaluronan/hylan to a 'placebo' group (saline or arthrocentesis), ten trials compared intra-articular (IA) corticosteroids, six trials compared nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), three trials looked at exercise, two studies looked at arthroscopy, and fifteen trials compared other hyalronans/hylanes. The results of viscosupplementation for OA of the knee are based on data from the RevMan (RevMan 4.2) method and show that, compared to a placebo group (i.e. a control group that did not receive the intervention), viscosoplementation is an effective treatment for pain, quality of life, global assessment and pain at a range of 5 to 13 weeks post injection. Of note is the reduction in pain seen with the use of the HA class. In other analyses HA products had more long-term effects than IA corticostoids. There are few randomised head-to-head (where one drug is compared against the other) and meta-analysis (where two or more comparisons are made using the same method) compared to each other. Overall, the analyses suggest that the HA group may be the best choice for the treatment of OA in the short term. In the long term, however, there are too few adverse events observed to be able to assess safety.
This is an update of a review published in 2013. We found 10 trials (involving 4052 women with uterotonics and/or haemostatics. Four of the trials (1881 women) compared misoprostol (in the dose of 1800 mcg sublingual versus oxytocin (injection of 600 to 1000 mcg under the skin) as the first choice drug after uterotonic therapy. The other three trials (1787 women) looked at the use of misopostol (sublingual or subcutaneous) for first-line uterotomies. We did not find any trials looking at the effectiveness of tranexamy acid (a type of anti-clotting drug) or other drugs used in addition to uterotomy. We also did not identify any randomised or quasi-randomised trials of surgery for women with a uterotonically unresponsive. The use of the drugs in combination did not increase the risk of death of the mother or her child, admission to intensive care, or the need for hysterectomy (removal of the uterus from the womb). The addition of oxytocins (a drug used for haemodialysis) when used as second-line drug for the first-choice drug for uterotonitis did not result in more side effects than giving the drug on its own. The quality of the studies was low to very low.
We found six small and one large RCT, with 73 preterm infants, that looked at short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation of cysteine-free PN in very low birth weight newborns (1000 grams per kg). We did not find any trials on long-term use of this nutrient in preterm neonates. We found that the amount of nitrogen in the blood of preterm newborns who received short-lasting cysteines was increased by about 31.8 mg/kg/day. There was not enough evidence to assess the risks of the use of extra CsA in the first two weeks after treatment. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 77 randomised trials (involving 6287 adults with NAFLD) that met the criteria for this review. Forty-one of the 77 trials (3829 adults) had one or more measures that could be used to assess the effects of the interventions. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. Thirty-five trials (based on biopsy confirmation) only looked at people with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (alcohol consumption confirmed by biopsy). Five of the trials included only adults with a low blood sugar (hypoglycaemia), while the other 14 trials (14 trials) only included adults with diabetes mellitus. The source of funding in most trials was not clear. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding. All the evidence was of very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the results of the studies. There is a need for more well-designed, well-conducted and well-reported trials that are large and of high risk of bias.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials of CSF testing of Alzheimer’s disease in adults. We found 15 studies with 1282 participants with MCI at baseline. We assessed the accuracy of the CSF t-tau test by analysing data from 1172 studies (1172 of which 1172 had data that could be used in the review; 430 of them were assessed by us. We were able to combine the results from seven of the 15 studies (with 418 cases and 418 non-studies) and found that the test had a sensitivity of 72% (range 75% to 86%) and a specificity of 75% (ranging from 67% to 85%). We were not able to formally assess the effect of each potential source of bias as planned, due to the lack of precision in the results. We did not find any studies that assessed the quality of CSFs for ‘other forms of Alzheimer's disease, as we did not have enough data to be able to analyse them in a meta-analysis. Our findings are based on only a few studies, which we judged to be of low or very low quality. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 170 participants. All participants were male and were between 50 and 75 years of age undergoing laparoscopy for radical radical prostate surgery. All three RCTs compared the use of propofol to use sevoflurane. The evidence is up to date as of 4 February 2019. We found low- or very low-certainty evidence that the risk of pain at one to six hours after surgery after RALRP was the same for both anaesthetists. However, we found that there was no difference in pain after surgery between the anaesthetics in the short term (one to four hours). There was low- to very low quality of the available evidence for the other outcome of pain, which was the rate of recovery after surgery. There was also low-to-very low-quality of the evidence for nausea and vomiting after surgery with the short-term anaesthetic ropinirole compared with inhalation anaesthesia. There is an ongoing trial that is trying to find out which anaesthetic technique is best for transabdominal robotic surgery in gynaecoscopy. We are uncertain as to which anaesthesia technique is the best as all three studies were of low quality and the methods used in all three trials were not described well enough to allow us to be certain about the accuracy of the results.
This is an update of the review published in 2017. We found 14 randomised or quasi-randomised studies, with 1,601,515 women who were at high risk of preterm birth and low birth weight, and were at low risk of having a premature birth because they were born too soon or had a low Apgar score. We also found that the use of topical corticosteroids of all potencies (mild, moderate, or very potent) during birth did not seem to have an effect on the birth or birth weight of the mother. However, there was an increase in the risk of giving birth weight in the group of women who had a mild to moderate dose of corticostoids. We did not find a difference in the incidence of low birth weights in the two groups of people who received a moderate dose. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method to assess the overall quality of the evidence. We downgraded the quality of evidence for the effects on the mother's weight and the baby's weight because we did not have a high level of confidence in the results.
We found four trials up to July 2014. We found 611 (612 eyes) that included 611 participants. One of the three trials, which was the largest, was a trial of the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All trials compared the use of corticostomies with corticosteroid and with no corticotomies and had a follow-up range of two months to one year. The remaining three trials were small, with a total of 30 to 500 participants per trial. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, South Africa, and the UK. We did not find any reports on the cost of the treatment. We do not know if the addition of steroids to corticopressure makes a difference to the results of this review. We are not aware of any adverse events. Although the four trials were generally of good design, all four were small (involving 10% or more of the 611 included participants) and had too few events to be able to determine whether or not the steroids make a difference for most of the outcomes in this update of the review.
We found four trials with 450 adults who had a stroke of ischaemic stroke of the brain. We found that percutaneous (percutaneous) interventions do not seem to be better than intravenous (involving blood from a vein) interventions in terms of the rate of recovery after stroke. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of evidence was low.
We searched for all randomised trials of centre-based day care services for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. We found one study (involving 120 families and 143 children) that met our criteria for the review. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. No evidence was found for any of the main objectives of the study (cognition of child intellectual and psychosocial development, development of the child’s mental development, parental and child-care costs, employment of parents, parental hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week). This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). We conclude that there is a need for more research in this area, as we do not have strong evidence to guide us on the best day care service for children and their carers.
The objective of this review was to assess the validity of all of the currently available histologic scores for UC. In total, 126 reports were found that reported on 30 scores for ulcerative colitis. Eleven of the 30 scores have undergone some form of validation (i.e. the use of methods that seek to minimise bias). Three of the scores were assessed for quality. Six of the included scores looked at the content of the score. The score for the ureter was assessed in eight of the tests. For the other three, the score was assessed for the same way in three of the three different ways. Two of the results were assessed by the same method. The results of both the nymphetase and the Robarts histopathology test were assessed in two of the two main ways. Both of these are based on a very old and less reliable method. In both cases, no conclusions could be drawn due to the lack of data. Further research is needed to find out which is the best way to determine the best method.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of surgery for these fractures in adults. We found three trials (involving 213 adults) that provided useable data from 173 participants. The mean age of participants ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no studies of surgery compared with non-surgical treatment. The evidence is up to date as of 17 June 2015. The available evidence is of very low quality. The three trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the design of one or more of the trials). We found no evidence for the use of surgery in these fractures. The quality of evidence available was very low for all outcomes, which means that we are very unsure about the results for most of the outcomes. Although the pooled results of three different measures of function (e.g. foot and ankle function) and pain (pain) showed a small difference in favour of nailing, we found that this was very uncertain as the results of each trial were too imprecise to be certain. The need for re-operations for adverse events was similar in both groups (4/90 versus 10/83). The risk of 100 re-operation rates in 1000 adults with these fractures would need to be re-oposed if platelet-filled platelets are used to treat them (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more per 1000). Similarly, the risk of death from any cause within one year was the same in the two per 1000 adults in the same group (1/85). In one of the studies (85 adults) there was no difference in pain between the two groups (pain). There was no information on the cost of surgery or other costs. There is a need for more research to find out if surgery is the best way to treat these injuries. The addition of two ongoing studies of naling and plating should help us determine whether surgery is best.
We found 11 randomised trials (involving 38, for the most part, 38,742 participants) that compared BPLDs with no BPLD or with an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or diuretic. The risk of bias in the trials ranged from high to very low. Eight of the 11 studies (38,0742 patients) were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s, and three (3632 participants) were carried out in the late 1990s and late 2000s. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. The pooled risk of death due to any cause ranged from 0.81 (range 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 patients) for any type of stroke, and from Alzheimer's disease 0.88 (range 1.0 to 2.0; 2 trials; 6671 patients). We found that the risk of having a new stroke in the next two years was 0.58 ( range 0.23 to 1.46; 4 trials; 28,630 participants). We also found that blood pressure-lowering drugs that reduce blood pressure after stroke (BPLDs) reduce the rate of death from any cause and from heart attack or stroke, but we did not find a difference in the frequency of other heart attacks or deaths due to other causes. We found no evidence for the best systolic blood pressure target after stroke or TIA.
Five hundred nineteen men from four trials, which ranged from 4 to 26 weeks in length, were assessed. Three trials used B-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside and one used a drug containing 100% B- sitosteryl. B-Sitosterols showed some short term effects on urine and blood flow. Their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH adverse events are not known.
This is an update of the original review published in 2012. We found 26 studies (involving 62,815 adults and 2,599 children) that compared salmeterol to a placebo (i.e. a fake drug) or to salbutamol. We were not able to find out whether the risk of death with the inhaled corticosteroids was higher or lower than with the placebo. We also found that the number of non-fatal adverse events was twice as high with regular salmetol as with placebo. There was not enough evidence to assess whether the number in children was more or less than in adults. We did not find any serious adverse events in any of the trials. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found only one study (89 infants) that compared L-thyroxine 50 μg/dose given at 1 and at 24 hours or no treatment to L-triiodothyronine 100 mg/day at one and two days in preterm neonates with acute bronchiolitis. We did not find any evidence that L- thyroxine reduced the risk of death or the need for breathing support. We do not know if L-thymroxine is beneficial for preterm infants with lung problems caused by premature birth. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of December 2015. The analyses showed that the risk of death in all trials was reduced to 30% when we combined all trials (with a low risk of bias) with the use of non-absorbable disaccharides and when we restricted the search to those with extractable data (low risk of systematic error (i.e. bias due to publication bias). We found that when we pooled the results of all trials, the number of deaths was reduced from 30% to 22%. We also found that the addition of lactulose or lactitol to the treatment of hepatocellular encephalopathy may reduce the rate of serious adverse events (mainly gastrointestinal) when compared with placebo or no intervention. We did not find any difference in quality of life. The quality of the evidence was very low for most of the outcomes due to the low numbers of events and the low number of events.
This is an update of the review published in 2017. We found 65 studies (involving 3598 adults and adolescents) that compared different treatments for bone disease after kidney transplantation. Bisphosphonate, vitamin D, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin were assessed in a range of 12 months of follow-up. Studies were not designed to assess the effects of treatment on fracture, death or heart problems, or graft loss (when the grafts are lost to grafts) after kidney transplation. Forty-three of the 65 studies assessed bone density or bone-related biomarkers (which are used to assess how many minerals in the blood are in the urine), with more recent studies looking at protein and high blood sugar levels (hypocalcaemia (hypoglycaemia), which is low blood glucose levels that can lead to low blood calcium levels. One of the drugs used to treat bone disease in children and young adults (bisphosphoneates) was effective in reducing bone pain after kidney surgery. It is uncertain whether other drugs (e.g. vitamin D) or other bone treatments prevent other problems (such as spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis (where the bone grafts come away from the body), and whether they decrease the risk of death, heart attack, stroke, or death from any cause. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. This means that we are uncertain about the effect of treatment for children and adolescents.
The review found four trials with a total of 317 participants. Three of the studies looked at the use of magnesium in the form of tablets or capsules. One study looked at its use in a vein. Each of the trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). The results of the three studies (with a combined total of 113 participants) showed that there was no difference in the strength of the hands used to make a drink. No adverse events were found. There is not enough evidence to be able to determine whether or not magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of the condition.
We found 15 studies with 3057 participants. Ten of the 15 studies appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are from a search of our search in December 2012. We did not find any new studies for this update. The risk of bias was low. We found that in people with rhinosinusitis, whether or not confirmed by imaging, about 46% of them would be cured after 1 week, and 64% after 14 days. Antibiotics can shorten the time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured if they are used to treat acute rhinsinusitis. We could not draw conclusions about children, or those with severe sinusitis, as we did not include them in the review. Side effects were very rare, with only one case of brain abscess (brain abscess) in 3057 people. We assessed the quality of the evidence for all of the outcomes using GRADE, which means that the true results are likely to be close to the truth.
Eight RCTs (enrolling 2515 patients) were found that compared D3 with D2 lymphadenectomy. Data for DFS were available only from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. D3 lymphadenotomy did not seem to be better than D2. In terms of overall survival (OS), D3 was as good as D2 in terms of OS and DFS, although there were more deaths in D3 patients. In the D2 group, DSS was better than in the D1 group (OS, HR 2.02, CI 1.34 to 3.04).
This review aimed to find out if oral naltrexone is better than other kinds of drug treatment in the field of opioid use in those who are dependent on heroin use. The review found 13 randomised trials with a total of 1158 participants. The findings of this review suggest that there is no evidence for the use of oral naledrexone in the treatment of people who are in use of heroin. The quality of the evidence is low due to poor reporting of the methods used in the trials.
We searched for randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on changes to fluids used to drink from a cup. We did not find any RCTs on changes in the amount of food used to eat. We found one RCT on the use of videofluoroscopy to see if there were any changes in how much salt and/or salt content in the fluid used in the drink of the drink. The other trial on the effect of using a chin down head posture was part of the same large multicentre trial and included 351 people with a wide range of ages and with a range of severity of Alzheimer's disease. The first, a cross-over (cross-over) trial looked at the effects of using videos to see how much and how much of the fluids used in a cup were used. The second, a parallel designed RCT, looked at how much thickened fluids were used and how often and in what way they were used during a three-month follow-up. There were no deaths in the trial. The quality of evidence is low as too few studies have been done. We are uncertain about the short-term and long-term effects of making changes to the strength and amount of fluids used for eating in the first few days after using the camera. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six randomised trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these was the largest and the largest study with 396 women. We found no evidence of a difference in live birth rates. For a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using standard IVF, the chance of using natural cycle IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was also no difference in rates of OHSS (very low, low or very low risk of bias), clinical pregnancy (low, low/very low quality evidence), ongoing birth rate (low/low risk of error), ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational problems or cycle cancellations. One study found that the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the natural cycle group. There were too few data to be able to draw any conclusions about rates of failure of the IVF treatment. Findments on treatment costs were inconsistent. We were not able to assess the cost of treatment due to imprecision. The quality of the evidence was very low or low for most of the results.
We included a total of 984 people with COPD from 12 randomised controlled trials (studies where a group of people is put into one of two or more treatment groups) and 12 studies (involving 984 participants) in this review. The age range of participants ranged from 61 to 74 years, and most of them were middle-aged. Tai Chi was compared with control groups (i.e. usual care) six to 12 weeks to one year after the end of the intervention. All of the studies were randomised, which means that those taking part in the study were not aware of which group they were in. The quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. No adverse events were reported. We found that Tai Chi is safe to practise in the short term (six weeks or one year) and not in the long term (two years or more). We did not find any evidence for the effects of Tai Chi on the level of dyspnoea (breathlessness), the amount of oxygen in the blood (forced expiratory volume in one second (how much air a person can breathe out in one breath), or the quality of life (how well people can manage their breathing). When we compared Tai Chi with other interventions, we found no difference in symptom improvement nor in physical and psychosocial outcomes. No side effects were found. With the diverse style and number of forms used in the studies, we were not able to comment on the most effective way to practice Tai Chi.
This is an update of the original review published in 2014. We found 72 trials that involved 2470 people with an average age of 31 years and a mean age of 36 years. The age range of the participants ranged from 12 to 71 years. Most of the people in the studies had a wide range of levels of stroke and most of them were able to use their hands to play games. The use of a range of different types of devices (e.g. tablets, PCs, DVDs, videos games, and videos) to improve the function of the upper limb (i.e. strength, speed, and/or range of gait) was compared with the use of usual care. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. We did not find evidence that using the technology as an add-on to usual care was better than using the same method for the same goals. However, we did find that when it was used as an adjunct to the usual care approach there was a trend for more than 15 hours of therapy for those in the control group. The quality of the evidence was low due to poor reporting of the methods used in many of the studies. Thus, while there are a large number of studies and a large body of evidence, the quality of evidence for each of the main outcomes was low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found five RCTs with a total of 1330 participants. All trials compared fluoroquinolone, levofloxacin, rifampicin or pyrazinamide to other first-line drugs used to treat people with TB. Only one trial (174 participants) added levofnoxacIN to the standard first- line drug regimen. The other three trials (723 participants) used fluroquinolones to add to the first--line drug regimens for TB. We are not sure if the use of fluoroquolone in the first choice of first-choice drug for drug-sensitive TB treatment reduces death or relapse, or the rate of sputum conversion (decrease in TB growth) at eight weeks. We do not know if there is an effect on death or relapse. There is not a clear answer as to whether there is a difference in the rates of side-effects. No trial reported on treatment failure. There are several short-term studies in progress testing longer regimens. The evidence is very low to very low due to the lack of information and risk of bias in the review.
