The aim of this review was to assess the long-term effectiveness of this intervention. Asthma education aimed at children and their carers can result in a reduction in the number of children who need to be cared for in hospital and the amount of time it takes for the illness to get worse.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 130 studies with 8341 adults who had undergone any type of surgery. The types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, lumbar fusion surgery, bone graft surgery, hip joint replacement surgery, anterior cruciate ligament repair, cancer surgery, elective caesarean section, and keyhole surgery. We did not pool data from studies that looked at the effects of giving ketamine before or after surgery on the amount of pain and pain after surgery (e.g. after surgery). We found that people who had ketamine in their veins had about eight points on a 0-52 scale (where a zero is 'good' or'very low' for pain, and a 10 point range of 0 to 15 for pain) over 24 hours compared with people who received a fake medicine (placebo). They had about 13 points less pain after 24 hours with ketamine than with fake medicine, and about five points less after 48 hours with placebo. People who received ketamine had about nine points on the 0-50 range (where the true effect is likely to be quite large or very small). About 10% of people in the ketamine group dropped out of the trials, which was about the same as in the group that did not receive ketamine. About 1 in 10 dropped out because of side effects. About 3% of those in the placebo group had at least one adverse event, which ranged from mild to very large. The most common of these side effects were nausea, dizziness, and drowsiness. About 2% of the people receiving ketamine dropped out due to adverse events, which also ranged from very low to high. We rated the quality of evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate, or high. Very low- or high-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High- or moderate- or very low-quality studies mean that we have very high or moderate or low confidence in the findings. The evidence in this review is of very low or moderate quality. This means that the true effects of ketamine may be quite wide, and that we do not know exactly how much of a difference we are making.
We found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 children. All five of these trials were at low risk of bias, and all but one were at high risk of random errors (ie, there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the play of chance). Infections with the 3D7 (combination B) species MSP2 were lower in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarials drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). There was no difference in the rate of growth (the length of time it took for the disease to progress) or in the number of children who died or were left with low blood counts (this is known as a'strange feeling'). There were no reports of any serious side effects. The second trial, with 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, found no reduction in the amount of blood that the children had left in their blood, but there were fewer episodes of malaria. The third, with 17 non-immune adults in the USA, found that there was no change in the numbers of days in which the children’s blood counts were high. The fourth and fifth trials in the US and the USA did not report on any of the outcomes that we were looking for. Overall, the evidence from these trials shows that MSP has not been shown to be a way to reduce the risk of death or illness from malaria.
Four randomised studies, with 125 participants were included in this review. All four of the trials had limitations in their methods or were at high risk of bias. The evidence from these studies suggests that electromagnetic field stimulation may be useful in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of long bone fractures, but the size of the effect is small and the quality of the evidence is not strong. Further well-conducted randomised randomised controlled trials are required to assess the effects of this intervention.
We searched for randomised trials that compared drain surgery to no drain surgery in adults with gallbladder cancer. We found 12 randomised controlled trials that assessed the effect of drain surgery on mortality and side effects. We were able to combine data from nine of these trials to give a combined result. Pooled data from 11 of these studies showed that drain surgery did not decrease short-term deaths or reduce the risk of side effects in the short term (i.e. the length of time it took for the cancer to get worse or get worse). There was no difference between drain surgery and 'no drain' surgery in the percentage of patients who were discharged as day-procedure laparoscopical cholecystectomy or in the amount of serious side-effects in each group. There was also no difference in the quality of life between the two groups. There were no data to assess whether drain surgery was more or less likely to cause side-effect (e.g. infection or death) in adults undergoing elective (elective) laparoscope surgery than in those undergoing planned elective elective surgery. We did not find evidence that drains were more effective than no drains in improving short- and long-term mortality or in reducing the number of people who developed adverse events. We also found no differences in the proportion of participants who developed serious side effects between the drain surgery group and the no drain group in terms of number of deaths or side-side-effects. However, drain surgery appears to be a safe operation for adults.
This review aimed to find out whether any of these herbal medicines could help with this type of pain. Forty-nine randomised trials with 3639 participants were included in the review. All of the trials were of low or very low quality. There was not much evidence to show that any of the herbs helped with the pain. Some herbs (such as chamomile, lemongrass, ginger, and ginger) were found to be helpful in terms of improving pain and reducing numbness or pain in the short-term. However, these findings were based on trials with a high risk of bias and with a very low risk of imprecision. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of Chinese herbal medicines on the long-term (i.e. whether they are safe or not) or about their effects on quality of life. This is because there were problems with the way trials were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared IAS to CAS in men with prostate cancer that had spread to the prostate. We found five RCTs, with a total of 1382 men. All the participants in all the trials had prostate cancer, and most were men who had progressed prostate cancer at some point in their life. The age range of the men in the trials ranged from 45 years up to 75 years. Most of the trials were small (involving around 50 men altogether), of short duration (no more than 10 years), and of short length of follow-up (no longer than five years). Few events were assessed and did not assess cancer-specific survival or metastatic (metastatic) cancer. Only one of the studies (77 men) looked at how well IAS worked. In this group, IAS did not seem to work as well as CAS in terms of the amount of cancer that got worse, or the rate of the cancer getting worse. In patients with a Gleason (a test of how well the prostate worked) score of more than six points, the IAS group seemed to do slightly less well than the CAS group. One trial (43 men) found no difference in side effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia (indigestion) and asthenia (dyspepsia) between IAS (two events) and CAS (five events). There was no data for whether IAS helped men with cancer to live longer, or had any more or less time until their cancer got worse. There was also no evidence that IAS was better than CAS for side effects, but this was based on only one small, short-term, low- to very low-quality trial. The evidence from the included studies was of very low or low quality. This was mainly due to the small numbers of men included in the studies, and to the fact that most of the evidence was of low or very low levels.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 12 randomised trials involving 7,119 women. Five of them were randomised to either early (start of treatment) or late insertion of IUD. One of them (neck of the womb) showed that insertion of an IUD 7 was associated with a greater risk of the IUD being withdrawn than insertion of a IUD that had not been used for more than 24 hours. The other trials showed that the use of a Lippes Loop reduced the chances of the intrauterine or transcutaneous IUD having to be re-inserted after the first IUD had been placed. The evidence for the effectiveness of the TCu 220C compared with the Lipes Loop alone was of moderate to high quality. This means that the true results are likely close to what we found, although the size of the effect is likely to range from very low to high. In other words, we found that, on the whole, IUD insertion after childbirth appears to be safe and effective.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found one study that looked at meditation for haematological-diseased adults with leukaemia. Ninety-one patients were enrolled in the study, but only 42 patients remained in the trial for six months. There was no information about the average age and sex of the participants. The evidence from this study is of low or very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain whether or not meditation has an impact on the outcomes for patients suffering from a blood cancer. The quality of the evidence was very low, so we can draw no conclusions about the effect of meditation on any of the outcomes that we were looking at. The findings of this study may have been due to there being a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance that we would not have found the true effect if we had not found the study) and a lack of data (e.g. some data were lost to us when we searched). We found that people practising meditation in both the spiritual-framed meditation group and the usual care group showed improvement in the quality of life of patients, although the levels of depression in both groups did not change during the six-month follow-up period. However, there was not enough data to tell us whether this was due to the fact that there were problems with the design of the study or how it was done. We did not find any information about other aspects of the trial that we thought were of importance in terms of how the study was done, such as how the participants were put into the groups, how many patients dropped out, how long the people were left in the groups and how long people were in the control groups. We judged the overall quality of evidence for all outcomes as'very low' because of the amount of missing data on the study population and the small size of the included study. As the study did not report any data, we were not able to give more details about the effects of meditation practice on any aspect of the way in which patients suffered from the cancer. We believe that there is a need for more high-certainty research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to April 2015. We found three RCTs with a total of 110 healthy children who had been in contact with a varicella-zoster virus up to three days prior to getting the PEP. The trials varied in the type of vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured. Overall, 13 out of 56 children (23%) developed varicell, compared with 42 out of 54 people who did not get the vaccine. This means that, out of 100 children who got the vaccine, 13 would have to be vaccinated to have a child who would not have been vaccinated. Of the other 78% of the children who would have been given a PEP, three would have had a case of mild skin lesions (with less than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most of them received PEP in the three days following contact; too few had a mild case of skin lesions. The evidence from these three trials suggests that the vaccine reduces the risk of having a skin rash caused by the virus in the four to five days after receiving PEP and, in the case of children who developed a mild skin rash, the chance of the skin rash was one-seventh to 10% (that is, one out of eight people who would need to be treated for one to get one case of a rash). However, we found no studies that looked at the long-term risk of adverse events (i.e. whether the virus got worse or not) or whether there were any problems with the immune response to the vaccine or the number of people who had to be re-cleared from the skin (called redness at the site of the vaccination site or the surface of the nose or cheekbone (known as redness on the skin). The overall, the quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. This was due to the small numbers of people in the trials and the fact that some of the results were imprecise, that is, we were not able to tell whether the vaccine worked or not, or whether it had any side effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of antibiotics to reduce the risk of infection from MRSA in the nose after surgery. We found 12 RCTs, with 4704 people. Eleven of these trials performed a combined head-to-head (where one group of people in the trial has an equal chance of being in the treatment group and the other group has a chance of taking part in the study) meta-analysis. Antibiotics were not shown to reduce death from all cause, all-cause death or any other cause. There were no deaths in either group in four of the four trials that assessed deaths. None of the trials looked at quality of life, length of stay in hospital or use of health resources. There does not appear to be any differences in the proportion of people who developed SSIs due to MRSA or in the percentage of participants who had had previous MRSA infections in the group that received antibiotics. In 15 of the comparisons that compared one antibiotic with another, there does not seem to be a difference in the number of people developing SSIs. In the one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with a placebo, the rate of people with SSIs was lower in the people who had received antibiotics prior to surgery. There appears to be no evidence that there is a reduction in the occurrence of SSIs in people with MRSA who have had a nose carriage of MRSA; nor does it appear that there are any differences between groups in terms of whether or not they had MRSA infection in their nose. There was no evidence to suggest that any of the antibiotic regimens were more or less safe than other than the 'placebo' (placebo) regimens. Overall, 21% (5.5%) of 5.5% (6.0%) of people had SSIs, and 46% (1.0%) of people (11/1401) in the placebo group had a SSI. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled studies that compared planned planned PPROM with planned caesarean birth. We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found only two randomised studies that met our pre-defined pre-specified criteria. We included 116 women in the review. Overall, the number of women in each of the trials was too low to assess the impact of the planned care on pre-term birth. There was no evidence of differences between planned and planned care in terms of death of the baby, perinatal morbidity (fetal or neonatal death due to illness or injury to the placenta during labour or in the first few days after birth (perinatal deaths). There was some evidence that women who received care at home were more satisfied with the care they received (9.60 points on a 0-14 curve, 95% CI -14.59 to -4.61) and were more able to give birth vaginocaproic at home (0.28 points on 0-0.70). However, results for this outcome were mixed (i.e. 35% range 0.07 to 1.15). The findings of the review did not show whether planned care was better or worse than planned care given in the long term (whether the baby died or not, or not) or whether the costs of care were less or no more or less than with planned care. This is due to the small size of the studies and the fact that there were problems with the way they were done.
This review aimed to find out whether the skin should be closed after caesarean section. The review of trials found that the skin is covered by two types of stitches that have been used to close the skin. These are either non-absorbable staples or absorbable subcutaneous sutures, and the choice of which type of suture to use depends on the type of skin incision (i.e., Pfannenstiel incision or vertical incision) and the amount of time it takes for the skin to heal. There has been little information in this area, and there have been concerns about the use of some of these staples in the last few years. This has made it hard to compare the effectiveness of one method with the other, and for the most part, the two methods used for skin closure have been the same, although the size of the incision was not large. There is therefore a need for good quality, well-conducted trials to find the best method for closing the skin after a baby has been born. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray from RETHINK.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of green tea or black tea in healthy adults or those at high risk of developing CVD. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 821 participants. We were able to combine data from seven of these trials, which compared the effects of a green tea tablet with a placebo tablet and found that green tea was effective in lowering blood lipoprotein (LDL) and blood pressure. There was no evidence that any of these types of tea had an effect on the risk of CVD events such as heart attacks or strokes. There were no data on the effect of black tea. When analysed together, green tea appeared to be as good as either a tea tablet or a sugar pill in terms of lipid levels and blood pressures, but the size of the difference was not large. This means that it is difficult to tell whether one type of tea is better than the other. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. This was due to the small amount of data available and the fact that many of the trials were at risk of bias.
The aim of this review was to assess the efficacy of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) in adults (aged 18 years or over) who had chronic asthma for at least six months and had not received any form of corticosteroids or inhaled corticostazol (a steroid drug used to help with asthma). We found two small randomised trials (involving 23 people). Due to the small size of the trials and methodological flaws in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and the way the studies were conducted, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions about the effectiveness of AZA in the use of steroids as a treatment for asthma. Large, long-term randomised studies with pre-validation (where people are randomly put into one of three or more groups) of people with chronic asthma are needed to address this question. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2010. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not find any new studies for inclusion in the review. We believe that there is a clear lack of evidence to use AZA as a drug for the use in the management of asthma. The evidence from these trials is of very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain as to whether AZA is beneficial or not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (experiments in which participants are assigned to one of two or more groups using a random method) looking at the effects of exercise on cancer-related fatigue in adults with cancer. We found 56 studies, with 28 of these (1461 participants) included in the first version of this review and 28 more recent (28 of 56) studies in the update. The findings of this update have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in favour of exercise for people with cancer-based cancer who are tired as a result of cancer and post-adjuvant (chemotherapy) cancer treatment. However, the findings have not been shown to be conclusive and need to be viewed with some caution. This is due to the fact that many of the trials were carried out over 30 years ago and the findings of the review may not apply to new studies that have been carried out up to the end of the last 10 years.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults (aged 16 to 65 years) with relapsed or relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma. We found five RCTs with 3427 participants. Four trials were co-co-ordinated in Germany, one in Italy and one in Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for survival and progression-free survival, but high for other outcomes, such as quality of life and relapse or death. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. The addition of results from the EORTC 20012 BEACOPP-20012 trial to this updated Cochrane Review provides high-quality, high-dose (i.e. after 6 or 12 months of treatment) and high-speed (high-dose) data for OS. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) participants died after five years in the BEACopP and ABVD combined arm, compared with 120 (95% CI 0.57 to 0.97) in the ABVD alone arm. This is an increase of 90% to 117% for OS over five years. After five years, only 144 (121 to 168) of 144 patients will experience a progress (reoccurrence) or relapse (disease) (low- or very low- or moderate-quality evidence). Although the occurrence of MDS or AML appears to be more pronounced in patients with BEACP, there is no difference between both groups in terms of the risk of death or the need for further treatment. This may be due to the fact that most of the evidence for OS comes from trials that did not blind patients to the type and size of the disease, which is the subject of the trial. The quality of evidence was moderate to high for OS and low to very low for all other outcomes. The main reason for this was imprecision.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of any type of psychosocial, pharmacological or psychosuppressive treatment compared to usual care. We found 15 RCTs including 1835 cancer patients with cancer. All of the trials were carried out in high income countries and most were aimed at breast cancer or prostate cancer patients. We judged six of the studies to have a high risk of bias and nine to have low risk of systematic error (i.e. play of chance). We found low to very low quality evidence that psycho-education had no effect on the rate of return to work or quality of life in people with cancer with cancer undergoing cancer undergoing surgery. There was low to low quality data that there was no difference in the effect of psycho-education compared to care as usual on the rates of re-treatment as well as on the number of people who achieved good levels of self-care or improved self-reported self-report of their cancer. We did not find any evidence that any of the other types of treatment had an effect on this outcome. In one study breast cancer patients were offered a physical training programme. Low to moderate quality evidence suggested that physical training was not more effective than care as a treatment as usual in improving re-operation rates or in improving quality oflife. However, this was based on just a small number of participants and the quality of the evidence was of low or very low for all of the outcomes. We also found that less radical approaches (such as less radical treatments and those that used a less radical approach, such as biofeedback training) had the same rates of treatment as the more radical approaches. Five of the 15 studies were multidisciplinary (in which participants and their care-providers worked out the best way to deliver the treatment) and were of high or very high quality. These were all conducted in high-income countries and were all aimed at women with cancer and men with prostate cancer. In all but one of the included studies, the participants were followed up for up to 10 years. This means that we do not know the exact effect of the type of treatment.
We searched for studies up to July 2012. We found four randomised trials involving more than 13,000 pregnant women who were in labour. Three of the trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and one trial in Scotland. The trials were assessed as being at low risk of bias. Overall, the findings from the 2012 review have not changed since the first version of the Cochrane Review and the 2012 update has not changed. We did not find any new studies in the update of this Cochrane review. The evidence from the studies is current to April 2012. There was no clear difference between groups in the effect of auscultation on caesarean birth or perinatal death rate. There were no data on other outcomes, such as hypoxic encephalopathy (incidence only) and incidence of seizures in the neonatal period. Infants born to mothers who received auscuntation had, on average, higher rates of blood tests and blood tests during labour. They were born with low blood counts and were followed up for longer periods of time than those born to women who had not been in labour for more than 24 hours. They had, in addition, a longer period of time in which the babies were cared for in hospital and a longer time for the mother to recover from the birth than for those whose labour was induced spontaneously. The studies did not look at whether the babies of these mothers had been born preterm or not or whether they had any longer or less than 48 hours after birth or whether there had been any signs of preterm birth or not. None of the studies looked at how long the babies had to be in the womb or at the time of birth or at six weeks or more after birth. We do not know from the effects of the use of CTG on long-term outcomes such as birth or birthweight gain.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared the use of culture media with no culture media. We found 32 randomised studies that randomised 3666 women (17 randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve oocytes (over 15,230). It was not able to pool any of the data from the data because each study compared the two types of media used. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference in live birth or pregnancy rates. Six of the trials reported live birth rate. One of these found a difference between the media compared, suggesting that for cleavage-stage IVF and ICSI, the chance of live birth was about the same. With regards to side-effects, three of the other three trials (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and did not describe their methodology in enough detail to assess the risk of bias. The overall quality of the evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods.
The aim of this review was to assess the efficacy of the methods used in this area and to determine whether they were of high quality. We searched for randomised trials that had looked at the effectiveness of this type of intervention in terms of how well they worked and whether they had been tested to see if they were safe. We also wanted to look at how much they were cost and how effective they were. We found no randomised studies to include in the review and so we have not been able to draw any conclusions as to whether the quality of these studies was high or not. This has not meant that we did not find any studies that had been done to see how effective the methods were in showing how good they were in informing women about their tumour and how confident we were in the results. We believe that there is a need for good quality research to be done to find out how best to help with this area of care.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to April 2015. We found 17 RCTs with 1006 randomised adults with non-acute chest pain, with the one new study contributing 113 to this update. There was a reduction in reports of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention, but this was not maintained from three to nine months afterwards. However, there was also a decrease in the number of days with no chest pain up to three months, although this did not result in a change in the severity of the pain. This was not found in the longer term (three to twelve months). Due to the nature of the main interventions of interest, it was impossible to blind the therapists as to whether the participants were in the intervention or in a control arm. In addition, in three of the studies the blinding of participants was required. This Cochrane review suggests a small to moderate effect for the short-term use of psychosocial interventions for NSCP, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural approach, which is based on training in the mind, and which is aimed at changing the way in which people think and think. There is a need for longer-term research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the efficacy and safety of antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers in the short-term or long-term. We found 30 RCTs, with 4344 adults randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatments. Topical anthistamines included nedocromil or sodium cromoglycate, Olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine or emedastine, levocabastine combined with placebo, mequitazine, bepotastine besilate and tetryzoline combined with antazoline, and pemirolast potassium. Side effects were assessed in at least one RCT. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-risk of bias in all but one study, which was of high risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was variable, with some high-quality studies and some being of low or very low quality. There is some evidence to show that, compared with a fake medicine (placebo), prohistamines or mast cells can reduce symptoms and signs of a flare-up of allergic conjunctivitis during the summer months. However, there is a lot of variation in reporting of the findings, which makes it hard to tell whether this finding is true or not. There seems to be no evidence to suggest that any of the trials were of high quality.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of community-based programmes to help teenagers to quit smoking. We found two RCTs that met our criteria and a third that is not yet in progress. Both studies were of high risk of bias and were conducted in the USA, with 1505 participants in the first and the other 1505 in the second. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The first study found no change in quit rates in the skills-community group compared with the control group at 42 weeks, but this was not maintained at six month follow-up. The second study found positive changes in the use of tobacco in the intervention arm at post test but this did not persist at six months. This means that although there may have been some bias in the conduct of both studies, we are unable to draw any conclusions as to whether or not these types of programmes work. This is due to the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found only one randomised controlled trial that randomly assigned 72 women with sickle cell anaemia to either a prophylactic blood transfusion or a non-prophylactic (placebo) transfusion. The evidence from this trial was of very low- or low-quality due to imprecision (variation) and risk of bias (the play of chance). The trial found no clear differences in the risk of death or perinatal deaths between the groups receiving either a pre-pulmonary embolism (fetal or neonatal deaths) or a selective transfusion (blood transfusion given after the first week of life). There was also no clear difference in the occurrence of serious maternal morbidity such as blood clots in the major artery or in the lungs (congenive or heart failure). Low- or very-low-certainty evidence suggests that the use of pre-prandial blood transfusions may be associated with a reduced risk of pain crises (pain and swelling of the ureter as a side effect) compared with giving a placebo. There was no clear change in the rate of haemolytic crises (blood clotting disorders) between the two groups. There were no clear changes in the number of women who died or had bleeding in the gut (haemolysis) during or immediately after the birth. Low- and very-very low-evidence indicates that there may be little or no difference between groups in terms of adverse events such as infections, bleeding or haemoglobin sequestration (blood in the urine). There is currently no evidence to support or refluxing of red blood cells (a blood clot in urine) in women who have had a baby born to a woman who has not had their due to their own placenta (womb) for more than 24 hours. This evidence is current to April 2017.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 67 randomised trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 randomised studies provided data for one or more of the outcomes that we looked for in this review. There were no differences in most of the comparisons, and where there were differences, these were small. The evidence from more than one study showed that clamping the venous venous vein with a fibrin sealant reduced the need for blood transfusion and resulted in a reduction in the amount of blood transfused blood. There was no difference between the clamping and clamping groups in terms of complications (complications are events in which blood is pumped around the body at a high pressure, e.g. blood clots forming in the veins or in the arteries) or the length of time it took for the blood to clot. However, there were no data to show that one method was better than the other. None of the trials looked at whether there were any differences in quality of life or time to return to work after the operation. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main reasons for this were imprecision (variation) and lack of data. This means that we do not know whether clamping is as good as clamping or clamping without a clamping.
Twenty-three randomised trials involving 724 people were analysed. This review has shown that systemic retinoids, oral PUVA and low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline (an antiphospholipide) and Grenz Ray (an anti-cancer drug) all appear to be effective in the short-term and the long-term. Oral PUVA has a lot of side effects and it is not clear if it is effective. The use of topical corticosteroids under hydrocolloid occlusion appears to be more effective than the use of corticostimulants alone. There was no evidence to suggest that hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) was effective.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2014. We found nine RCTs that assessed the blood blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg). We found no trials that evaluated the effect of any of these drugs on blood pressure. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressures was 7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4 mmHg/ -4.4), and the best estimates of diastolic pressures were 8.8 points (-5.9 to -3.8 mm Hg/0.4). Due to the high risk of bias of the trials, and the high likelihood of publication bias, we judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low. This means that the true results may be quite large, and that our estimate of the effect is likely to be close to what we found. We did not find any evidence that any of the other classes of drugs that were assessed in the trials are any more or less effective than other types of drugs. The quality of evidence was low/very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We searched for randomised trials up to July 2014. We found 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 adults randomised to local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) and 1291 adults (1240 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. All the trials were at high risk of bias (that is, there was a risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers). There were no deaths in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthesia group and 0/210 (0% in the control group) in the trials that did not report deaths. There was no evidence of a difference in the proportion of people who were discharged as day surgery between the two groups. None of the trials assessed the effect of local anaesthetists on participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. There were very few adverse events in any of the 715 participants who received local anaosthetists. The quality of evidence was very low. This was due to the lack of data and the fact that many of the results were imprecise and could change with more trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed pLDH antibody-based tests for human immunodeficiency virus (p. falciparum) or human chorion. We found 74 RCTs that were relevant to our review. We grouped studies by type of test (type 1, type 2 or type 3) and how well they worked. We also looked at how well the tests worked and how good they worked (i.e. how good the tests were). We found that types 1 to 3 RDTs were as good as each other or close to the same test. Types 4 and 5 tests were better than each other. For types 1 and 3 tests, 95% to 100% of the studies were clear about how they were done and how they worked, which may or may not have affected how the test worked. For type 1 tests, 96% to 98% were clear and 95% were very good, and 95.8% to 99.3% were good or good enough to give the test without any help. For Type 2 tests, 97% to 95.5% had the test right after the onset of the test, and 99.0% to 96.7% were right at the top of the range for the test after the first test. This means that we can trust that the test was good to very good. We could not tell whether the test had any side effects. We did not have enough data to tell whether any of the three types of tests were worse than the other types of test, so we do not know if any of these tests are worse than other tests. The main side effects were mild or no side effects, such as fever, redness around the test site, swelling around the tip of the needle, or swelling in the ureter. The evidence from this review is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found five randomised controlled trials that assessed the effects of altering the length of consultation. All five of these studies were from the UK, and all were short-term (12 weeks or less) and looked at changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. None of the studies looked at the costs of the changes. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a change in the lengths of primary care physician' consultations. We are very uncertain whether the change in consultation length changed the number of visits to the doctor, referral and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. This is due to the very low quality of the evidence, which means that we are very unsure of the results. We do not know whether the changes changed the health-care providers' general practice or the amount of time they spent in the clinic. We think that this is an issue that should be looked at in the long-term.
We searched for randomised studies that compared high dose versus low dose of stavudine in people with HIV/AIDS. We found three randomised trials that met our criteria. All three trials were conducted in developed countries, all three were HIV-free and all had sustained virologic suppression. The sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male men. The evidence is up to date as of September 2013. The three studies did not show any clear effect of high dose compared with low dose stvudine on the amount of virus reduced in the blood, body mass index, bone mineral density or reduction in limb fat and an increase in blood lipids in the high dose groups. The high dose and low dose groups did not seem to have a clear effect on the risk of death or morbidity. The only side effects that were reported were high blood pressure, high blood flow and high blood lipid levels. The available data does not support or refutes the use of high or low dose for the treatment of people with high viral loads.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 10 randomised trials (involving 1658 adults with ARDS) that assessed whether this was a good strategy. Six of these trials (1450 adults) looked at whether the number of deaths in the ICU and in hospital was reduced. The other six (1370 adults) examined whether the risk of barotrauma increased or not. Pooled data from five of these studies showed that there was no effect on death in hospital or ICU, and pooled data from four trials (1313 adults) showed no difference in death in ICU or in hospital. Data from five studies (1410 adults) also showed no differences in 28-day deaths and pooled evidence from four of these showed no reduction in in-hospital deaths. Results were based on the findings of several (five) trials that looked at the effect of a "participant-based" (where the participants were assigned to a group in a method other than a random manner) on mortality. This means that we can draw no conclusions as to whether this approach is better or worse in terms of death or morbidity. Results from the trials that examined the effects of a 'co-intervention' (where participants and their care-providers agreed to take part in the trial) showed that an open lung ventilator-based approach to open airway ventilators' needs to be followed by a co-co-operation with a high amount of co-expiratory pressure (how much air a person needs to breathe out and how much air can be pumped out) is not clear. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low to moderate. This was due to problems with the way the trials were done and the fact that not all of the participants knew whether they were in the group that was receiving open air. This may have influenced the findings.
We searched for evidence from randomised trials up to July 2013. We found 15 studies, with a total of 687 participants, that looked at the effectiveness of this type of treatment. We were able to combine the results from four of these studies, which showed that the use of 'as needed' medications (medicines are medicines that help the airway to open and close) did not change the amount of air in the blood that patients had to take during the course of the treatment. The use of other medicines (e.g. inhaled corticosteroids and inhaled nitric oxide) was reduced in four of the studies, but not in three studies (150 patients). We found that there was no difference in lung function (how much air a person can breathe out in one breath) or in quality of life (how well they breathe out and breathe out air out and cough up enough air for the person to be able to take his or her dose of inhaled medicine) for the length of time. We did not find evidence that any of these treatments had an effect on depression. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low. This was mainly due to the small number of people in the trials, and because the methods used in some of the trials were not as well conducted as they should be. This means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, large-scale, well-conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of antidepressants and benzodiazepins in adults with schizophrenia. We found 35 RCTs, with a total of 6785 participants, that addressed many different aspects of the review. The evidence is up to date as of June 2016. We did not find any difference in the rates of relapse or dropout due to any cause in people with schizophrenia who took a benzodiazapine compared to those who took antidepressants. We also found low- or very low-certainty evidence that there was no difference in response rate or side-effect rates for people who took either drug in terms of the number of people who did not respond to treatment or dropped out due to side-effects (very low- to low-quality evidence). We found some evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) were better tolerated than TCAs (low-to-moderate-evidence). We failed to find any differences in the rate of withdrawal from the trial or in the occurrence of side effects. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This was mainly due to the small number of studies included in the review and the fact that most of the studies were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s. For these and other reasons, we judged the quality of evidence to be very low or low. Based on the findings of this review, we are not able to draw any firm conclusions as to whether or not the use of these drugs is beneficial or not. This is because there were problems with the way that many of the trials were carried out. This means that we do not know much about how well they were done.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. The trials showed that endoscoplastic stent use is associated with a lower risk of death due to cancer, but with a higher risk of the cancer coming back in the 10 years after the operation. There was a trend to a greater risk of dying up to 30 days after surgery with plastic stents, but there was no difference in the risk of failure of the operation or 30-day deaths. When different types of plastic stent were compared to polyethylene stent, only perflouro alkoxy (p=0.07, RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.32, 1.04) was found to be the best choice. The addition of a Teflon valve (metal stent) improved the patency of the stent.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found five RCTs reporting on 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four RCT studies compared ultrasound with palpation, and one RCT used Doppler (a type of sound test that records blood flow in the brain) to assess how well the technique worked. All of the trials were conducted in the first few days after the operation. Only two studies looked at the rate of adverse events. Our results showed that, compared with other types of ultrasound, we found that, on the first attempt, ultrasound was more likely to help the child to make it through the cannula and did not cause more harm. However, we did not find evidence that it caused harm. We also found that when the child tried to make a fist, he had about one-seventh of the chance of having a fistula (i.e. a hole in the wall of the womb) or haematoma (a blood clot in the blood). We found that we could not tell whether or not the child had a chance of making a fist at first attempt with the technique. Our findings suggest, but do not confirm, that there is a chance that the child would have to be given the technique for the first time. This is likely to be due to the fact that there were problems with the way some of the studies were done, or did not report all of the results, or that some studies did not blind the doctors or researchers to the type of ultrasound. We rated the quality of the evidence for all outcomes as moderate. This means that we are reasonably sure that the true results are close to what we found.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non-randomised trials (ICTs) conducted in the 1970s and 80s. We found one RCT (80 men from the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS (men from the US and UK). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-strength (14.89 kilolitre) and a high-strong (1.15 kilolitres) content were more than twice as likely to drink 0.73 drinks a day. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent. The two RCTs found that men who received a ban on drinking were about half as certain as men who did not receive a ban. This means that we can draw no conclusions as to whether or not the effect of the ban is the same in the long term (over years). Two of the ITS studies found that the ban led to an increase in the number of men who drank about 1.10% in the two years after the ban was implemented. This finding was not found in the studies that looked at the effects of the lifting of a total ban on all forms of alcohol. In addition, the two ITSs showed that there was no difference in how much or how often men who were given a ban dropped out of the trials. The evidence from the ITSs was of very low or very low quality. This was due to the risk of bias arising from a lack of randomisation and imprecision (i.e. there were not very many men in the trials) and the fact that there were problems with the conduct of the studies.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials up to July 2014. We found eight trials, with a total of 182 preterm and low birth weight infants included. The meta-analysis of weight gain based on five studies yielded a weight gain of -0.35 g/kg/d (95% CI -1.44, 0.74). Similarly, the meta-analyses of short-term growth and weight gain in g/d based on two studies showed no evidence of difference. Length gain, based on data from five studies, showed a non-significant weight gain (0.14 cm/wk). Head circumference gain, as shown in five of the eight studies, was 0.03 cm/week. Only one of the trials reported on skin fat thickness gain, with an average of 0.15 mm/wk. Subgroup analyses according to % MCT in the high MCT formula, by 10% intervals, showed no difference in weight gain or growth within any subgroup. There was no difference between MCT and LCT on occurrence of necrotizing enterocolitis and necrotising nasopharyngitis (NEC), both of which were based on low- to very low-certainty data. There were no important long-term effects on growth or on the occurrence of NEC. There is insufficient data to draw any conclusions as to the effect of the type of MCT on the incidence of NEC and on the effects of the LCT formula on the growth and growth of the infant. There are no data to assess the effect on the development of a child’s growth or development into childhood and adulthood. Further research should aim to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on long- term growth and brain growth, as well as on brain growth and development.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effect of amnioinfusion on preterm labour and caesarean section. We found one small randomised controlled trial (involving 34 participants) that looked at the effects of transcervical (acaminophen and acetaminophen) and antibiotics (antibiotics) on the preterm birth. This trial did not have many participants and the results were imprecise. We did not find any trials that used transabdominal (through the tip of the tube into the amnium bromide or through the anus to measure the amount of blood pumped around the body). The results from this study did not allow us to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness (or lack of effect) of giving or not, or not and the safety (adverse events) of the intervention. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014.
The aim of this review was to find out how well the Mini-Cog worked in the community and whether it had any effect on whether or not it had been used in the past 10 years. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi-randomised controlled studies and quasi-blinded controlled trials that assessed the accuracy of the Mental State-Cochrane Schizophrenia-SOMS test. We found three RCTs that met our criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. The results varied a lot between the studies and so we were not able to pool the results of the studies. The findings of the trials varied from 0.93, 0.89 and 0.83 points on a 0-52 scale. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The studies were of low or very low quality and there were problems with the way in which they were done. This makes it very hard to draw reliable conclusions and conclusions. There is a need for more well-conducted research in this area.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 19 randomised, double-blind, multicentre studies that looked at three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts. These included 2521 participants; most were middle-aged men (35.3 years), Caucasian men (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was done in both Canada and the USA. Sixteen studies were funded by the drug industry, one was publicly funded, and the other studies did not report their funding sources. We did not find any studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool. Most studies had short-term follow-up (no more than five weeks), and an mean study length of 5.3 weeks. This means that we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design (i.e. a play of chance). Overall, we found low- to very low-certainty, low-to-very low-quality data (low- to moderate-quality evidence) to support or refute the effectiveness of amphetamine compared with placebo or no amphetamine for the treatment of ADHD. This was mainly due to the fact that amphetamine drugs can cause a lot of side effects (e.g. dizziness, somnolence, constipation, dry mouth, and drowsiness), and sedation, as well as a lack of long-term data (no longer than five years). We found that amphetamine compared with a fake drug (placebo), guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine may be helpful in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms. We also found that we did not have enough data to be sure whether any of these drugs had any side effects. However, we were not able to tell whether any one drug was better than any other, and we were unable to tell if any of the drugs were any more or less well-treatable than other drugs. We could not tell whether one amphetamine drug was any more effective than the other. This is because we found very few good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale studies that compared amphetamine with other types of drugs, or whether some drugs were better than others.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 10 randomised, double blind, placebo-blind, multicentre randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of vitamin D for chronic pain. We included 10 RCTs with 811 participants. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to the type of chronic pain they looked at, the dose of Vitamin D, co-interventions, and the outcomes that were assessed. Only two of the studies reported on how well vitamin D helped the pain to get worse. The other studies looked at how well the drug worked, how much it worked, and how well it worked well to keep the levels of the drug in the blood. Overall, there was no evidence that Vitamin D helped people with chronic pain to live for longer than three months. Adverse events and withdrawals from the trials were very rare, with no difference between vitamin D and placebo. Based on this evidence, we think that people should be informed that there is a chance that vitamin D will not help them with their pain for the rest of their lives.
Forty-one studies involving more than 200 health care providers and 48,000 patients were included in this review. The quality of the studies was often poor. In all studies the interventions were heterogeneous in terms of the type of care, settings and outcomes. In 12 of these studies the intervention was aimed at health care professionals, in nine they were aimed at the organisation of health care, and in 20 studies they were targeted both. In 15 of the 21 randomised or quasi-RCTs, 12 studies had follow-up times of up to 12 weeks. In 22 of these RCTs and 12 ITS were supported by grants from the US Food and Drug Administration or the US Government. In 20 of the 31 studies, patient care was provided by trained nurse or nurse-provider. The results showed that when trained health care workers were provided with patient care, they were more than twice as likely to improve patient care than those who were not. However, it was not clear whether this improvement in care led to improvements in patient care. When trained health workers were added to other types of patient care such as patient care by trained nurses, the effect on patient care remained less clear as these types of care were very rarely assessed as these studies were very few. In addition, in 15 of these 21 studies added patient education to health care programmes also showed a favourable effect on the health care provided by health care provider-providers. The role of trained health providers can be enhanced with the use of a range of technologies, such as mobile phones, PCs, PCs and PCs. This can help health providers to share the care they have received from patients.
We searched for randomised studies that looked at hormonal and intrauterine birth control methods in women aged 25 years and younger. We found five randomised, double blind, well-conducted studies that included 1503 women. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. The trials compared the following: (1) a LNG-IUS versus transdermal birth patch, (2) a vaginal ring, or (3) a levonorgestrel (20 µg/day) versus a placebo; (4) a COC with or without a progestaglandin E versus placebo; and (5) different types of birth control. The main findings of the trials were that LNG/IUS and COC were no more or less likely to fail or stop using the method for three years or longer than with the COC. Also, the numbers of women who stopped use of the method because of side effects were about the same in both groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to the way the studies were done and reported.
This review found that allergen (allergen-based) immunotherapies have been shown to be effective in the treatment of asthma. There was a reduction in the severity of asthma symptoms and the use of asthma medicines, as well as improvements in symptoms. This finding was based on 42 randomised trials of house mite (mites) mite allergy; 27 trials of pollen allergy; 10 trials of animal dander allergy; two Cladosporium (a type of egg) and a number of other trials. Also, there was evidence from six trials looking at a range of other allergics. Allergen immunotherapy was found to be beneficial in four out of four patients (95% CI 3 to 6) treated with immunotherapy. It would have been necessary to treat four of these four patients with immunosteroids in order to avoid one new case of asthma exacerbation. There was no evidence that any of the other studies that looked at the effects of immunotherapy had been sufficiently large to draw reliable conclusions. The findings of this review therefore need to be viewed with some caution.
We did not find any new trials in this update. Six of the six trials, with 1297 patients, were found to have a low risk of bias. We found that lung-protective ventilation reduced the risk of death at 28 days and at the end of the stay in the ICU. There was not enough data to say whether this effect lasted for a long time, or whether it had an effect on morbidity or long-term outcomes. The findings from the six randomised controlled trials included in this review suggest that lower tidal volumes (with less blood loss) are effective in the short-term and are unlikely to have an impact on the risks of death or morbidity in the long term. We do not know whether the reduction in deaths or in morbidity is due to chance or because of the fact that there were problems with the conduct of some of the trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2017. We found 15 RCTs with 1833 participants. We assessed the quality of the evidence from the trials using the GRADE approach and found low- to very low-quality evidence that sevoflurane was as safe as propofol and was no more or less safe than isopropyl acid. We also found evidence that the time to emergence from anaesthesia was 3.29 hours longer with propofool than with sev ofluraine and the risk of movement of haemoglobin in the blood was 0.28 hours less with propol. We did not find evidence that any of the drugs were more safe than the other. The risk of side-effects such as nausea and vomiting was no greater with propopyl acid than with isofluralane and there was no difference in the number of people who shivered or had shivering or pain with both drugs. The quality of evidence was low for all of the outcomes. This was due to the lack of data and the low number of events that we found.
The aim of this review was to find out whether blood pressure lowering in late-life does not increase the risk of Alzheimer's or other forms of brain damage. The aim of the study was to look at whether blood pressures were reduced or not in the long term, and whether there were any side effects. The results from the four randomised controlled trials, which included 15,936 hypertensive patients, did not show any difference in risk of dementia or other types of brain disease between those who took part in the trials and those who did not. However, there were some problems with the design of three of the studies that made it hard to tell whether the trials were at risk of bias. When we analysed the data from the three trials that looked at the effect of blood pressures on long-term outcomes, we did not find any evidence that blood blood pressure was increased or not. This means that we do not know if blood blood pressures can be lowered in late life, whether they should be, and for how long.
We searched for randomised trials that compared PTCRA with either angioplasty alone or with PTCA/PTCA in patients with non-complex lesions. We found 12 randomised controlled trials, with 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias for most of the studies was unclear due to a lack of data. This was not found to be a problem as most data on re-stenosis rates at six months and at one year were imprecise. There was no difference in re-stanosis rates in the six months or one year between the groups treated with either PPTCRA or PPTCA. PTCRA did not increase the risk of major adverse events (myocardial infarction (MI), cardiac surgery or death) in the in-hospital period. However, there was about four times the chance of having a blood clot in the groin or perforation (perforation is a blockage of a blood vessel that channels blood from the lungs to the heart) and about twice the risk that it would require a blood transfusion. There was also about nine times the chances that the clot would be re-stitched (pTCRA was not stitched and thus not able to close at the insertion of the balloon. This is a known problem. Further research is needed to find out whether this is a problem or not and whether it can be avoided.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the use of nebulised rhDNase to treat bronchiolitis in adults. We found three RCTs (with 333 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of rhNNase, which is not as good as we would like and is no more or no less effective than inhaled corticosteroids (salbutamol, corticostazol or prednisolone). The largest trial showed no difference in the length of time patients spent in the ICU (ICU) or in the number of patients who had atelectasis (collapsed lung). In one RCT, four out of 11 people in the treatment group had a temporary drop in oxygen levels in the blood, increased coughing, hoarseness (poor breath), dyspnoea (bad taste) and nasal decongestants (antibiotics). The other included RCT was not large and did not have many participants. The evidence from this review does not allow us to draw any conclusion as to whether or not nebulisation is beneficial or not.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One of these studies had a very low risk of bias. The other study had a large number of participants and did not report methods sufficiently well that we could be sure of their results. This review shows that there is no difference between the percutaneous and cut-down femoral artery access groups for short-term death, aneurysm (hole in the wall of the womb that channels blood from the heart to the blood), major and non-major complication rate, and wound infection rate. There was no difference in the length of time it took for a wound to heal (from about 30 minutes to 45 minutes) or in the number of bleeding events (such as haematoma or blood clots in the blood) between the two groups. No wound infections occurred in either group. There were no data on long-term (six months or more) complications or on the need for a blood transfusion. The evidence from this study was of high-quality. This means that we are very confident in the results.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in the short term (12 months), but not in the long term (more than 10 years). There were more side-effects with the sponge, although discontinuation rates at 12 months were higher than with the transflexagragm. More research is needed to find out whether the use of spermicides is safe.
The aim of this review was to find out whether any treatment is effective in the treatment of HCLHCL. Sixteen studies were found, six of which were included in the review. Three studies looked at the use of a drug to help people with HCL to reduce the risk of having a relapse of their HCL. We were not able to pool the results of these studies because of differences in the types of participants, treatments, or outcomes being assessed. However, two of the trials found that methylphenidate (an antiepileptic drug) and d-threo-methylphenidate, which is a drug used to treat HCL HCL, may be useful in reducing the chances of a relapse. The third study did not find any difference between groups in terms of the number of people who had a worsening of their symptoms at six months or in the frequency of side effects, but did find improvements in some aspects of cognition in both groups. The first study found improvements in the first six months of the study with both the drug and the placebo groups, but not in others. The second study found no evidence of a reduction in the rate of relapse or recurrence of symptoms in the six months following the end of treatment, but there were fewer side effects in the placebo group than in the group treated with the drug. This means that we are unable to say whether any of these drugs are the best treatment to help with this group of people.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials up to July 2013. We found two studies, which were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The age range of participants ranged from 17 to 55 years. Both studies looked at the effects of low-dose laser treatment compared to a fake laser. There was some evidence from these studies to suggest that laser treatment reduced pain in the lip and chin area of the mouth as a result of iatrogenic injury, but the results were imprecise and we were not able to tell whether this improvement was due to the use of laser or other types of laser treatment. Adverse events such as pain, pain-free eating and taste were not reported. We were unable to draw any conclusions about the effect of surgery, medical and psychosocial interventions for iatrogensic inferior alveolar and lingual pain due to lack of data. There is a need for randomised trials to look at the effectiveness of surgical, non-surgic and medical treatments for this type of injury. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main reasons for this were that there were problems with the conduct and reporting of the studies, and imprecision of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (involving 281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that compared the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen to use a fake medicine (placebo). We wanted to look at the risk of miscarriage, perinatal death and preterm birth (births at less than 34 weeks). We did not find any studies that looked at these outcomes. One of the trials was based on a group of 161 women who had had a long-term (more than 30 years) risk of developing a cancer. This trial did not show any difference in the rate of miscarriage between the group of women who took oestrogestogen and the group that did not. However, this study did show that there was an increased risk of cancer in the reproductive system in the group taking oestagestogen. The study did not report on any of the outcomes that we were most interested in, that is, low birthweight of less than 2500 g, problems with the growth of the baby in the womb or in the female reproductive system, or cancer. Similarly, there was no difference between the groups for other outcomes that were of interest to us, for example, low sperm counts, changes in the woman’s body or in how well she was able to give birth, or for the health of the unborn child. The second trial was also based on women with a past (but not present) of type 2 diaries and in-vitro fertilisation (where sperm is placed in the ovary). This trial also showed no differences between the treatment groups. The evidence is up to date as of November 2013.
This Cochrane Review summarised evidence from 14 randomised, double blind, placebo-based, short-term randomised trials of TCAs and SSRIs for the treatment of depression in primary care. Ten studies looked at TCAs, two looked atSSRIs and one looked at both types. The results showed that, compared with placebo, TCAs were effective in the short term (six to eight weeks), with an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38 (with a range of 0.15 to 1.43). The numbers needed to treat for one to experience an event (such as a depressive episode) ranged from 7 to 16 patients for TCAs (ranging from 63% to 26% and from 25% to 30%) and from 8 to 42% for SSRins. The numbers used to harm were 48% to 42%. The rates of withdrawal due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 patients per 1000 treated with TCAs compared with 20 to 90 with SSRinals.
This is an update of the review published in 2013. We found no new studies for this update. Ibuprofen 400 mg was found to be more effective than placebo (fake medicine) for relieving migraine headaches at 2-hour and 24-hour. It was not as good as either rofecoxib (a medicine used to treat migraine) or a self-administered medicine, but it was better than some other medicines. Adverse events such as dizziness, dizziness and dizziness were more common in those taking a dose of 400 mg than in those treated with placebo or other nonsteroidal (nonsteroidal) medicines. The higher dose (200 mg) was the best dose we could get, and the lower dose (100 mg) did not seem to work as well as lower dosages.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of OTCs used to treat dry eye in adults. We found 43 RCTs involving 3497 adults with dry eye. We were able to combine data from 22 of these trials (3497 adults) with data from two other trials (175 menopausal and post-menopausal women). We found that, in general, we were not able to perform a meta-analysis (combining of results). However, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective in treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based (two trials) tears. All other included trials showed no difference between groups. Our review found that OTC artificial tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risk of bias (high risk of play of chance) and poor reporting of outcomes. This means that our results may be very imprecise, and that the true effect may be quite large.
The aim of this review was to assess whether or not there is any difference in the proportion of patients who stopped taking lamivudine or emtricitabine after six or 12 months of treatment with second-line regimens after first-line treatment for people with HIV who have failed or failed to take the World Health Organization (WHO)-recommended regimens. We found one low- to very low-certainty study that did not find any evidence of a difference in virological outcomes in the group who did or did not stop the drug after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA (a test that records the amount of virus in the blood) in the first six months after taking the drug. Two other low-to-very low-quality studies, both of low or very low quality, did not show any difference between the two groups in the number of people who stopped the drug because of side effects. There was also no evidence in the two other studies that looked at the effect of restarting the drug at six months or more. There is a need for more high-quality research in this area.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found 133 randomised, double blind, non-blinded studies that assessed the accuracy of a number of tests, such as a test for difficult laryngoscopy or a test to assess the amount of blood in the larynx (known as a tracheal intubation). We found that for the tests that are used to assess how good the tests are, we found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified version of the test, six for the thrombopoietin test, 18 for the sternomental distance test, 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. For the three tests that we found that are not used often in the same way, we could not tell whether they were similar in terms of their accuracy. However, for the test that is used more often and for a longer time period (up to 10 days), we could tell whether the test was good or not. The test for the two types of tests did not show that one test was as good as the other. The results for the other tests were not as clear. We judged the risk of bias for all of the tests to be low to very low. This means that we can trust them.
Sixty-three randomised studies met the inclusion criteria with a total of 8014 participants. Of these, 56 trials recruited infants and young children. The trials varied in the definition used for acute diarrhoea and the end of the diarrheaa illness, as well as in the risk of bias (risk of bias due to play of chance). The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in the types of probiotics tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. Probiotics were found to be effective in shortening the duration of diarrhoeala (by 24 hours) and to decrease the frequency of diarrhea (by 48 hours) in the short term (i.e. on the first day of the illness). Probiotics did not seem to cause any harm. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main flaws were imprecision and variation in the design of the trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of adding nidotherapies to standard care. We found one RCT with 52 adults who were followed up for 18 months. This was a 'pilot' study, which means that the results may not apply to other types of care. The authors of the RCT assessed the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care, as well as the long-term benefits and harms. The evidence from this single RCT is of very low or very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. The included RCT did not report on outcomes that were of interest to us, such as mental state, service use, and costs. We were able to find some very low-to-very low-certainty results for the outcomes of service use (e.g. mental health and costs of care) and costs, but these were very low to very low. The quality of this study was very low because of problems with the way it was done. Therefore, we think that the quality of the results from this study is very low, and we think it is unlikely that it will change when new studies are published.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 3283 participants that assessed the effects of pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg per day) for 8 to 13 weeks compared with placebo (fake medicine) or no treatment. We did not find any studies that looked at other drugs that might be used to treat fibromyalgia, such as paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen (pimecrolimus). We also found one new study with an added group of 1874 adults who had had fibromyoscopy for about 10 years or more, so we were able to add them to the list of studies in this update. The evidence from five of the studies (3283 adults) was of high quality. This means that we are very confident in the size of the results. The results showed that the effects were very large, at least 50% of people with fibromyomatopoietin 300 to 600 mg had at least half or more of their pain reduced after 12 or 13 weeks of treatment, and about 11% of participants had about a 10% or more reduction in their pain after 14 or 15 weeks' treatment. This was so whether the drug was given to people with pain or not (high- or high- or very low-or-low- or moderate- or low-quality evidence). The side effects of the drug were very few, and were of short-lived. There was no information about how the drug compared with other medicines (e.g. corticosteroids, anticholinergics, corticostimulants, anti-inflammatories, or anti-coagulants). There was also no evidence about how well the drug worked (high or moderate quality, or both). There were also no data about how it worked in terms of how well it worked, how much pain it made people feel, how many side effects it caused, how long it took for the drug to work, and how often it had to be stopped or stopped. There were no data on how the side-effect rates were any more or less common with the drug than with placebo or other medicines. The side-effects of the drugs did not seem to change after the end of the study. There is high or very high-quality high-certainty high-to-very low quality high-or low-risk of bias for all of the outcomes that we looked at.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) and found only one trial that met our criteria. This trial did not report any of this review's pre-pre-specified main outcomes. The trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo (fake medicine) and was at a low risk of bias. The evidence from this study did not show any difference in Apgar scores at birth or in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean birth. There were more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flush) in the group of women who were treated with calcium sulphate than in the placebo group, but this did not seem to cause them to stop taking the drug. There is not yet enough evidence to show whether or not the use of the drug is safe.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi-randomised studies and quasi-blinded studies that assessed whether or not people had quit smoking after at least six months or 12 months of follow-up. We found four RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to combine data from all four of these studies, which showed that smoking quit rates in both men and women who had quit were more than twice as likely to quit as those who had not quit smoking at all. This was so whether they received help to quit smoking or not, or whether they were provided with help to continue to smoke. There was no information about the effects of any of the other types of stop-smoking programmes that have been used to help people to quit, such as face-to-face counselling or peer support. This is an area that has a great need for good quality, well-conducted studies. We believe that there is a huge gap in knowledge and evidence in this area, and this gap needs to bridging with the gap between how much we know about the effectiveness of these types of programmes. This plain language summary is up to date as of March 2013.
We searched for studies up to March 2014. We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 5686 patients that met our inclusion criteria. Eight of these were of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and five were of low-risk patients (five studies). The pooled risk ratio (RR) for death was 1.02 (95% CI 0.96 to 1.09). For deaths for the studies of general intensive care patients and for high- risk surgery patients the RR was 0.98 and 0.74, but there was no difference in the number of deaths or length of time spent in the ICU or ICU. Of the eight high- and low- risk studies, five looked at the same type of PAC and used the same results. There was no change in the length of hospital stay or the cost of the PAC. Four of the studies, conducted in the USA, reported costs based on how much the PAC cost and did not show a difference between the PAC and ICU costs. Two of these studies reported on the costs of using a PAC and found that the PAC did not change ICU length of stay in ICU and hospital costs. The overall quality of evidence was high for death and LOS but low for cost. This means that our findings are likely to be close to the truth but are based on just a few low- to very low-to-very low-certainty studies.
This Cochrane Review presents what we know from research about the effect of a'sweet taste' on pain and crying in the newborn. We found six studies involving 478 preterm or term neonates. The studies varied in terms of how they were done and how much pain they were caused. We were able to combine the data from four of the studies, which showed that when a sweet taste was given the venepuncture rate for venepunctation was reduced from 0.76 points to 0.38 points. The need for more than one skin puncture was about the same in both groups, at 0.34 points (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.43 to -00.25). The NNT for the heel lactation needed to be reduced from 3.5 points to 2.4 points. This was achieved with the use of a special syringe with a trained phlebotomist (i.e. a pharmacist or hygienist) who was able to taste the baby's blood. The length of time it took for the needle to heal and the skin to heal was about as long as if the needle had healed completely. The duration of time the needle took to heal over the course of a course of treatment ranged from a few hours to a few days. The mean age of the babies ranged from birth to about 36 weeks. The majority of the infants in the studies were born early (n = 254). The mean length of stay in the neonatal nursery was less than 30 weeks.
This review aimed to find out if there is evidence to show that this is true or not. We searched for studies that had been done and found one that had looked at the effects of suturing the perineal wound after childbirth to see if it healed. This study was done in a group of women who had had a baby and had a episiotomy (womb) for a deep vein thrombopoietin and were followed up for less than four weeks. This is a technique that has been used for many years but is not as good as we would wish to be and involves a large amount of time and effort on the part of both the woman and the surgeon. We found only one study that looked at whether the wound healed after childbirth. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, but again this result was not conclusive. Similarly, there was no evidence that there was a change in the rate of dyspareunia (dysparenia is a problem in childbirth) between the groups treated with resutured and those not. This trial did not look at any of the other outcomes that are often discussed in this review such as pain at any time interval, quality of life, length of time it took for the wound to heal, and whether it took as long to do so as it did when the wound was sutured. There also did not seem to be a difference between the two groups in relation to other outcomes such as the number of times the wound got worse or how bad it got, or how long the wound took to heal. This evidence is up to date as of September 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the efficacy of these herbs in reducing flu-like symptoms. We found 18 RCTs, with a total of 2521 participants, that assessed the effect of using these herbs to treat flu. We did not pool the results of studies that compared these herbs with other types of antiviral drugs. Some of the herbs (such as amantadine and ganmao) may be effective in improving flu symptoms. Other herbs, such as 'E ShuY' and ribavirin may not have been shown to be any more or less effective than the other studies that assessed these herbs. Adverse events such as fever, cough, and runny noses occurred more often in people who used the herbs than in those who did not use them, but this did not seem to cause them to stop using the herbs. Most of the studies reported mild adverse events, which may have been caused by the herbs being used. There was no difference between the herbs in terms of adverse events or in the occurrence of mild side-effects. Most studies showed that the herbs had no more or no more side-effect rates than other antiviral drug treatments. However, these findings are based on low- to very low-to-very low-certainty, which means that we are uncertain whether they are true or not, and further research is very likely to change these findings.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of thrombolytic drugs used to treat clots in the catheters. We found eight RCTs with a total of 585 participants that met our inclusion criteria. We compared the risk of clots with or without angioplasty or over-the-wire catheter exchange with or with other treatments. We did not find any studies that looked at the same type of drug used, so we do not know if one drug is the best for one type of catheter. We also found no evidence that any of the other types of drug were as good as the other. This is due to the fact that most of the evidence was based on only one study that had some risk of bias and had a high risk of imprecision (that is, there was a high chance that the findings would turn out to be true even if the true results are close to what we found). This means that we cannot be absolutely sure of the results. Based on low- to very low-certainty data, we found low-to-very low-quality data that showed that using a fibrin sheath using an alteplase or urokinase may help restore catheter function, but there is a need for more good-quality research in this area.
We searched for randomised trials of the use of one or more drugs (e.g. drugs taken by mouth or through a nasogastric tube) to add a drug to the regimen in women with metastatic breast cancer. We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 participants). Fifteen of these trials (20 treatments) assessed tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatments) reported time-to-event (the length of time it took for the cancer to progress). There were 1532 deaths in 2116 of whom were randomised to receive a drug plus a drug or a drug alone. There was no difference in the time to progression of the cancer or in the risk of death. Addition of a drug was found to be beneficial in terms of response to the tumour and tumour shrinkage, although these findings were imprecise and need to be viewed with some caution. Side effects such as alopecia (inflammation of the nose and throat), nausea (nausea and vomiting) and leucopenia (indigestion) were more common in the group of women who received a drug than in those who did not.
The aim of this review was to find out if NLU care is better than ICU care in terms of death and morbidity. We found 10 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 1896 critically ill patients. We did not find any evidence that NLU discharge delayed the need for inpatients to die or reduce the length of time spent in the ICU. However, there was some evidence that patients discharged from a NLU were better prepared for discharge but it was not clear if this was a product of an increased length of inpatient stay. The cost of care on the NLU was higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for studies up to April 2015, and we found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 adults with bilateral CTS. We found no RCTs that assessed the short-term effects of ultrasound. We also found no studies that assessed long-term outcomes, such as quality of life, pain, pain-free walking, or ability to stand up from lying flat. We identified one low- to very low-certainty trial with 68 adults that compared ultrasound with placebo. This trial found that when compared with placebo, therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance that the patient will experience a short improvement in their symptoms, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the size of the improvement in wrist circumference in this study suggest that this result should be viewed with some caution. One low- or very low quality trial with 60 adults found that at three months post-treatment, a low-to-moderate risk of bias (i.e. there was a risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) was not evident. Overall, there was not enough evidence that one treatment was more efficacious than any other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effect of statins on the risk of recurrence of ischaemic stroke or TIA in adults with a long-term risk of stroke. We found eight RCTs involving 10,000 participants. The evidence is up to date as of June 2013. We did not find any evidence that statins had an effect on the rate of recurrences of stroke or death. There was some evidence that, compared with no statin treatment, statins may have a beneficial effect on cerebrovascular events (such as heart attacks and angioplasty) in the long term (i.e. the length of time it takes for the blood to clot, the size of the clot to heal, and the amount of blood in the blood that has been pumped around the body). There was no evidence that any of the statins caused any harm.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of these programmes on quit rates and quit rates. We searched for studies up to April 2013. We found 11 randomised, double blind, large-scale, well-conducted and quasi-blinded studies that looked at the effect of a range of types of mass media campaigns on quitting smoking or quit rates in adults. We were able to combine results from seven of these, which showed that quit rates dropped in both the groups who had and had not smoked after at least six months or eight years of follow-up. We did not find studies that measured how much or how often people quit or quit smoking, or how long it took for them to quit smoking. We also found small-scale studies that did not show a change in the number of people who quit smoking after six or 12 months or in quitting smoking after eight years or more. This means that we do not know exactly how much of an impact these programmes have on quitting or quitting smoking, but we do know they have at least some effect. There is some evidence that these programmes change smoking behaviour in adults, but they have not been shown to work for other groups, such as teenagers and young adults. This is particularly true for adolescents and young people, who are less well-nourished and homeless. This may be due to the fact that many of the people in these programmes were not followed up for very long, or that they did not follow up people who had quit smoking for a long time, or both. This makes it more difficult to tell whether these programmes work for people who are not well-tired or who have not quitters.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. Thirteen of these had low risk of bias, five had adequate blinding (i.e. participants and researchers were not aware of whether they were receiving treatment or not), and 15 had low rates of loss to follow-up (low-risk of bias). We found moderate-to-very low-certainty data from 17 of the 24 studies (with 675 participants) that showed that yoga improves quality of life, reduces fatigue and pain in the short-term (10 weeks or less) and reduces sleep disturbances (such as sleepiness or sleepiness) in the long term (11 weeks or more). Yoga did not seem to reduce the risk of depression or anxiety. We also found low- to very low-quality data that showed yoga does not appear to help with anxiety or depression. We could not tell whether or not yoga helped with tiredness or pain during the day or in the night. We did not find enough high-quality evidence to draw any firm conclusions about the benefits or harms of other types of yoga, such as psychosocial (psychosocial) or home-based (home-based) yoga, or about the effects of yoga on the length of time it took for a person to get up from bed (e.g. rest and rest for a few hours after the end of the day, or on the amount of sleep for the rest of a night. No serious adverse events were found in any of the studies. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to moderate for all of the results. This means that we have very low or low confidence in most of the findings.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found one study that looked at the use of early (soon after surgery) and late (more than three months after operation) post-operations to see whether one of these strategies was better than the other. This was a study of 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. They had surgery to part of their brain (glujovani gynaecopoietin) and were followed up for up to 10 years. The evidence from this study was of very low or very low certainty. This means that we have very little confidence in the results and that it is likely that other studies that have been done in people with GBM have not been done very well. There was little or no difference in the number of deaths or deaths due to any cause in the one year after surgery in the group treated with early and late post-surgery, or in the length of time it took for the tumour to get worse (two years after surgery). There was also no evidence on whether one approach was more or less effective than any other in terms of the time to death or the need for further surgery, or both. There is a need for good-quality, well-conducted research in this area, so that decisions about the best treatment for people with glioma can be made with care.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised 161 people with schizophrenia to take chlorpromazine or metiapine. We did not find any RCTs that looked at the effects of chlorpromazine compared with placebo or other antipsychotic drugs. We also found no trials that examined the effect of other drugs used in the treatment of schizophrenia, such as paroxetine or buprenorphine. There was very low to very low data for all of our main outcomes. Clinic improvement was not measured and there was no clear difference in the effect on improvement in the quality of life between the treatment groups with either drug. However, there was some very low-to-very low-certainty data for the other key outcomes of improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with the treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, and cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay drug for schizophrenia for decades, yet there is currently no high-quality evidence to say whether this drug is more or less effective than other available antipsychotics. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted studies in this area. This plain language summary is up to date as of 4 June 2014.
Twenty-three studies were found. The use of nitroimidazole, mesalamine, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 did not seem to reduce the risk of recurrences of ulcerative colitis. However, these drugs were associated with a higher risk of side effects. When we looked at the data from the trials that were done to see if there were any major side effects, we found that there were more side effects with these drugs than with placebo. We did not find any evidence that any of the other drugs were better than a fake medicine (placebo). When we compared the results of the three studies that looked at how well the drugs worked compared to each other or with placebo, the results did not show that any one drug was any more or less good than the other. There was also no difference in how well they worked with each other. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of other drugs that can be used to treat ulcers.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of psychosocial treatment compared with usual care or usual care as usual. We searched for RCTs up to July 2014. We found and assessed all relevant studies. We identified and assessed the quality of the evidence from the trials. We assessed the overall risk of bias in all of the trials, which means that we have very low confidence in the results. We included a total of 885 participants in the studies. The findings of the review suggest that there is no evidence for a beneficial or harm reduction in the long term for any of the psychotherapeutic psychotherapies that were assessed in this review. However, there is some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty evidence that there may be some short-term harms (e.g. a drop in alcohol use and relapse in treatment) in the short term (three months) and long-term (more than three months) from the start of treatment. There is no data for the secondary outcomes of alcohol-related harm or for the effect of treatment as usual or for any other types of psychotherapy. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This was mainly due to the small number of studies and participants, as well as to some imprecision (variation) of the findings.
We searched for trials up to April 2014, when searches were last searched. We found 23 randomised trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these were from five unpublished studies. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but in only one of them (1140 participants) the methods for randomising people to each treatment group were not well described. The trials showed that a quinine-vitamin E-theophylline (four trials, 543 participants) and a quine combination (three trials, 510 participants) reduced the number of cramps and cramp days by 20% to 28% over two weeks compared with a placebo. Quinine was no more or less well-tolerable than other drugs or placebo in causing minor side effects (such as diarrhoea or constipation) over the course of two weeks, but this result is based on very low- to moderate-certainty trials. The most commonly used dose was 300 mg/day, and the dose of this drug ranged from 200 to 500 mg per day. There was no evidence to suggest that any of these drugs had any effect on the length of time it took for the cramps to come back or on the need for cramps or cramp-days. However, there was some low-to-very low-quality, moderate- to high-quality data that suggested that a higher dose of quine may be beneficial in terms of reducing the frequency of major side effects, such as thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the veins) and thromboembolism (a blood clot in the limbs), but not in other important outcomes such as mortality or quality of life.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found seven randomised, double blind, cross-over trials (where people taking part in the trial have an equal chance of being in the treatment or the comparator group) involving a total of 406 adults with idiopathic leg cramps. Three of the trials were in the USA and one in the UK. The trials were small, not very large, and did not look at whether people had fewer cramps or more cramps during the course of the trial (called a 'transient phase' (four weeks) or a 'long-term' phase (more than four years). The trials did not measure how much or how often the cramps occurred (called the 'adverse events' phase). We did not find evidence that people had more or less cramps in the four weeks after taking the medicine compared to a fake medicine (placebo). People who took the medicine had about the same number of cramps per week as those who did not take the medicine (3.93%, 95% CI -21.12% to 13.26%). There was also no difference in the amount of cramp or the length of time it took for the cramp to last (0.01 cramps/week) or in the duration of treatment (18 weeks). However, this result was based on very low- to low-quality, small-scale, short-term trials. We were not able to tell whether one medicine was better than any other. The same was true for the other medicine: for instance, for one medicine (magnesium) to last longer than four weeks or for four weeks. For other medicines (prednisolone, pimecrolimus, and ganciclovir) there was no evidence of a change in the frequency or length of treatment or in how long people had to wait for their cramps to last. This means that we do not know if one medicine is as good as the other.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found one RCT that looked at the effects of a six-month home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry (a test of strength) training program in adults with spinal cord injury. The 14 people in the RCT were aged between 10 and 48 years, and the age range of the participants ranged from 10 years to 48 years. The evidence from this RCT was of very low certainty. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. The RCT showed that strength training did not change the length of time people could walk, how far they could walk up to six months' follow-up or how long they had to exercise to achieve the required amount of strength. The change in walking distance on the six-minute walk test was 24.0 m. This was not different from the change in change in strength training. Cardiopulmonary (shortness of breath) levels were the same in the strength training and usual care groups, as well as in the control groups (1.34 mL/kg/min, 95% CI -2.16 to 4.6). The changes in peak oxygen uptake (VO2max) and pulse rate (hypoacralic acid) were similar, as was a change from 0.14 millilitres/kilogram/minute to 0.22 millicocromil. The HFHFMS (HFIMS - a test of muscle strength) was improved by 2 points in the training group and 3.5 millicromil in the usual care group. This improvement in HFIMS was not seen in the group that did not receive strength training, and was not found in the comparison group that received no strength-training. The improvements in muscle strength were not shown in the other two groups, which were no more or less than in the 'no strength' group. The quality of the included RCTs was very low, so we can draw no conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The study did not look at the effect of strength training on other aspects of quality of life, such as tiredness or pain. This evidence is up to date to April 2017.
We searched for studies up to July 2013. We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculopathy and myelopathy. We did not find any RCTs that compared surgery with physiotherapy or hard collar immobilation. One RCT found that surgery reduced pain in the short term (up to one year), but not in the long term (three years). It is not clear whether this was due to the short-term risks of surgery or the fact that the surgery had to be done in the first few days after the operation. There was some evidence that surgery may help to relieve pain more quickly than physiotherapy or soft collar immobilization, but there was little or no information on the long-term. There is very low quality evidence that people with mild myelitis feel subjectively better shortly after surgery; there is not enough evidence to know whether surgery is beneficial or not. Further research is very likely to have an impact on how much we can trust the results and our confidence in them.
This Cochrane Review summarises the results from six randomised trials and three interrupted time series (ITS) studies that looked at the effect of phone calls on health service use. Six of the studies were carried out in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. In general at least 50% of the calls were done by the GP and in three of the trials at least half of the visits to GP's were made on the first day of the week. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by GPs. However, questions remain about its effects on service use and the cost of the service remain about how well it worked, how often it worked and how much it cost.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found 84 randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled trials (involving 22,872 participants) that looked at the effect of giving or not providing any help with this type of intervention. We assessed the risk of bias in all of these studies and found that most were of high or unclear risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a high chance that the results were valid). We found that the evidence from trials with longer follow-up periods (more than four months) were less likely to show that the effects of MI were the same for both short-term (four or more months) and long-term effects (more or less). We also found that there was no evidence that the effect was the same whether the MI was given to people who were less or no longer drinking or who were more or less drinking than 12.5 drinks per week. We did not find evidence for any harms caused by MI. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all of the outcomes we looked at. This means that we have moderate or low confidence in most of the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 2210 people with asthma. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of bias and were at high risk of systematic error (i.e. bias due to play of chance). We considered most of the evidence to be of low or very low quality, so we were unable to draw conclusions about the effects of different types of inhaler interventions. We grouped studies into three groups: (1) enhanced face-to-face training (e.g. with video or sound video), (2) multi-media-delivered inhaler training and (3) use of a tool to give feedback to people about how well the inhaler worked; (4) DVD, computer app or game; (5) video and sound videos; (6) training with a self-help tool; (7) using feedback devices; (8) being able to share the training with other adults; (9) having a selfhelp sessions with adults; and (10) having feedback on how good the treatment was; (11) using a self help tool to help with asthma; (12) the use of feedback devices to give advice about how to use inhalers; (13) watching videos or games; (14) video or games with sound video; (15) using self help tools; (16) having self help sessions with self help; (17) watching video or video games with selfhelp; (18) being given self help alone; (19) being provided selfhelp with asthma advice; (with self help. In most studies, both adults and children were included. For adults with asthma, we found moderate- to low- to very low- or low-quality results for all of the measures of how well inhalers worked. This means that we were not able to tell whether or not the studies were of high or very good or of very low or low or moderate quality. For children with asthma who wanted to learn more about their inhaler technique, we had very low to moderate- or moderate-certainty results. For this review, we included 29 RCTs with a total of 2210 adults and 2210 children. The quality of the studies was moderate to low. The main reasons for this were that most were small, which means that their results may not be the same in the long term. Some studies did not report flare-ups (flare-ups) in a way that allowed us to pool their findings, and for some of the outcomes, we did not have enough data to be sure whether the quality of evidence was high or moderate. In addition, many of the people in the studies had asthma that was assessed were not very well-tolerated. This makes it hard to tell if the results of the trials to be reliable.
We found three trials, with 226 participants, that looked at whether mannitol helped or not in people who had had a stroke. None of the trials looked at the outcomes that people with stroke need to be assessed on, such as death or dependency. The trials were small, and of low or very low risk of bias, so we were not able to draw any firm findings. We were able to combine the data from the trials and found that there was no difference in the proportion of people who were alive after six months or more, or who had no worse than mild symptoms of their stroke. There was also no difference between the groups in terms of how long the stroke took to progress, or in how severe the stroke was. The change in the severity of the stroke, or the percentage of those with worsening or not improving condition did not seem to change with the use of mannolitol. Adverse events were either not found or not reported in any of the three trials. Based on these three randomised trials, we were unable to show any beneficial or harmful side effects of the treatment. We believe that there is a need for more research in this area.
We found six randomised trials, with 425 patients receiving D-penicillamine and 258 in the placebo group. The results showed that its use appears to be comparable to that of other drugs that have been used to treat rheumatoid arthritis. Its effects on long-term outcomes (e.g. quality of life and radiological growth) are not clear from this review, but its use does not seem to have an effect on the rate of progression of the disease.
We searched for studies up to March 2014. We found four studies of low or very low quality. All of the studies used a decoction of Liang Ge San containing Huangqi as the intervention with chemotherapy. All four of the trials were of low- to very low-quality, which means that their results may not be valid. Three of the four studies reported on outcomes that were of importance to people with leucopenia, which is a condition in which white blood cells (cells in the blood that help the body to fight tumour growth) from the tumour to kill or kill cancer cells. None of the included studies looked at whether the treatment caused side-effects. There was a reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoctions of Huangqi were used as an add-on to chemotherapy. However, there was no evidence that this effect was due to the use of other types of treatment. Huangqi was found to reduce the number of people who experienced side-effect when used as the treatment alone, but this was not shown to be the case in all of the other studies. There were also improvements in some aspects of the way patients and their care-providers took part in the trial, such as how long the treatment took, how many T-lymphocytes they had to have, and how long it took for them to get used to the medicine to wear off. This may have been done so that they did not have to take the medicine for as long as it took to take it. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of any other type of treatment, so we do not know if any of the treatments had any side effects. There is a need for high-quality research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to April 2015. We found three RCTs that assessed vitamin A and DHA for people with RP. The three trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One RCT assessed the use of vitamin A alone; one RCT evaluated DHA alone; and a third RCT compared DHA and vitamin A with vitamin A A. None of the trials reported on the change in visual field from baseline to the end of one year. We did not find any evidence that vitamin A or DHA helped to slow or stop the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss in the short-term. Two of the three randomised trials found a reduction in ERGs in some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or found conclusive by findings in any of the other trials. Based on the results of these three trials, there was no clear evidence for any clear evidence that the use with the two types of vitamins alone helped to stop the growth of glaucoma in the long-term, or that they had a role in delaying the rate of loss or loss of vision. We judged the risk of bias in all three trials to be low. The quality of the studies was moderate to high. The main outcome, mean change in vision field from the baseline at one year, was not reported in any trial. The evidence from the three trials was of low to very low quality. This was due to the small number of people in each trial, and to the fact that all three studies had problems with the way they were carried out. This means that we are uncertain as to how well they were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2015. We found three RCTs with 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had RA, most with RA and to a greater degree AS. The trials aimed to prevent job loss and improve work function in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or changes in the work or adaptation of work tasks, and also by providing any type of vocational counselling or advice. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary (two RCT), to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The evidence from the trials was of very low or moderate quality. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low to moderate results. This Cochrane review found very low quality evidence that job loss was not caused by job loss or other types of work loss. However, we found that work loss may have been caused by bias in the conduct of two of the trials. The largest RCT was at a high risk of bias and the other RCT did not report on all of the outcomes that we were looking for. This means that we do not know if job loss is caused by work loss or not. Also, we did not find any evidence that any of the other studies we looked for were of high or low quality. There is a need for high or high quality research in this area.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found three studies with 285 preterm neonates (140 of whom received arginine) from three countries. The mean age of the infants ranged from 28 weeks to 28 weeks. The evidence from these studies showed that the risk of developing NEC (any stage) in the first few days after birth (stage 1) or stage 3 (stage 2) was about one-seventh of that seen in the control group. The number of deaths was about the same in the treatment and no treatment groups. The risk of death due to any cause was the same between the groups. We did not find evidence that giving or not giving any more than six months' or 12 months' of the drug led to more or fewer deaths. However, this was based on very low- to moderate-certainty evidence. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. This was due to the low risk of bias of the studies and the fact that some of the results were imprecise.
We searched for randomised, double-blinded, well-conducted controlled trials (RCTs) of the use of intranasal corticosteroids to treat acute sinusitis in adults. We found four RCTs with a total of 1943 participants that met our criteria. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The included trials were well-designed and were at low risk of bias. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials that were included in the meta-analysis, we found that in people with acute sinalitis who took INCS for 15 or 21 days, they were more than twice as likely to have their symptoms resolved or to have complete relief from their symptoms than those who took a fake medicine (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect than lower doses: for mometasone furoate 400 µg compared with 200 µg. There was no difference in the drop-out from the trials and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups that took more of the medicine. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
The use of prophylactic vancomycin in very low birth weight preterm babies (born after 37 weeks' gestation and above 1500 grams at birth) with a very low risk of sepsis (blood in the urine) and coagulase (a blood test that records the amount of red cells in the blood) reduces the risk of this. The risk of adverse events (sepsis and death) is low, and the methodologies of the trials used in these studies may have contributed to this. There is a problem with the way these studies were done, as the cultures from central lines may have failed to grow due to the low levels of vancomYcin in the infusate. This means that it is not clear whether the real results are quite the same.
Fourteen reports of 13 randomised trials on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by secondary intention have been included in this review. We found only small, poor quality trials and were not able to tell whether the choice of dressing or the use of a topical agent affects the healing of these wounds. We were able to include one large study on aloe vera (an alginic acid) and one on alginate (alginic polysaccharide). There was also one large trial on povidone (an amino acid that is often used as a presurgery tool). We found that a plaster cast applied to an amputation stump led to faster wound healing in the short term (25.60 days) than elastic compression (approximately 2.12 days). However, there was no evidence that this was the case for other types of dressing (e.g. gauze, foam, alginy). There were no differences in the length of time people spent in hospital (30.10 days) or the amount of time it took for the wound to heal (approximately 30.82 days). There may have been flaws in the conduct of the trials that made it more difficult for us to assess the risk of bias in these studies. We believe that there is a need for more research in this area.
In 2014, we added a new trial for a new total of 11. We found five reports from 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. They looked at four types of birth control pills and two types of etonogestrel-releasing (LNG-IUS) implant. Most of the trials did not look at breastfeeding duration, breast milk weight, or infant growth. Exceptions were seen mainly in older trials, which were less well conducted. For breast milk volume, three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs found lower volume for the COC group compared with the placebo group. The other showed lower means (mL) for COC and at 24 weeks (MD -24.90, 95% CI -36.01 to -13.79). The other four studies did not find any difference between the study groups in milk volume or composition with a COC or the etonOGestrel implant. There was no difference between groups in the length of time an IUD was used or the need for a lactation. The evidence was of low or very low quality for most of the outcomes. This was due to the small number of women in the trials, and the fact that some of the results were imprecise.
We searched for studies up to July 2013. We found 10 studies from the USA, the UK, the USA and the USA that looked at the effect of red-light cameras on death from all cause. We grouped them according to the amount to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover (i.e. the amount of time it took for the red light to come back to life). We found that, on the basis of these 10 studies, we were able to estimate the number of people who died, how many of the deaths occurred right-angle (right-side) and how many people had a right-eye and a left-side crash. We were not able to do this with other types of data, such as how many deaths or injuries caused by the same type of crash, as there were so few events. We also looked at how much of a difference there were in terms of how long it took to get back to work, how much time it had to take to get the job done and how much or how much it cost to do. We did not find any evidence that any of these factors had an impact on the results. Red-light images have been shown to be effective in reducing the rate of deaths from all causes. However, they did not adjust for RTM or spillover, and this could have been due to the play of chance. This means that we do not know exactly how well they worked.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found four randomised trials with 494 people with venous thromboembolism that assessed whether warfarin helped to reduce the risk of blood clots in the limbs or in the veins. Three of these studies, with 383 people, looked at the proportion of people who had achieved a therapeutic intranasal nebulized thrombopoietin test by day five. The fourth study, with 362 adults in the main analysis, compared a 10-mg dose of 10 mg with 5 mg. This was the dose used in all but one of the studies. The results showed that warfarins were no more or less likely to cause bleeding in the legs and in the blood at 14 to 90 days after taking the drug. There was no difference in the number of outpatients or inpatient deaths or in length of treatment with anticoagulant drugs. We did not find any difference in recurrence of the clot in the venous blood after 90 days. We judged the quality of the trials to be moderate to very low for all of the outcomes. This means that we have moderate or very low confidence in the size of the effect and that some of the results are imprecise.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found seven randomised trials with a total of 545 adults who had had a hip fracture that involved people aged over 65 years who had been treated for hip fracture. The age range of people in the trials ranged from 19 years to 82 years. None of the trials included in the review were designed specifically for people with Alzheimer's or other forms of mental health, so the findings are based on data from subgroups of participants who had either mild or very low levels of quality of life. The end of follow-up in the studies ranged from the point of acute discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one aspect of study design. As there were only three trials, we were not able to tell whether or not there were any differences between the experimental and control groups. There was also very low-certainty that enhanced care and rehabilitation in-hospital may reduce rates of postoperative delirium (2 trials, 141 people) and the rate of postoperation (2 studies, 141 participants). There was low-risk of bias for all of the other outcomes that we looked for (e.g. ability to walk, how long people were in the immobile, how far they could walk, and how long they had to be cared for). We found that there may be differences between groups in terms of how much longer people spent in hospital and how much time they spent in the ICU. However, there were no data from any study for our other primary outcomes of how well people lived and how well they were able to function in their daily life. There were also no studies for how much or how often people had to spend in hospital or ICU, or for how many days in hospital. There is a need for good quality research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2014. We found seven RCTs with a total of 840 children that met our inclusion criteria. We included studies that assessed the effects of home care for children (aged six months to 18 years) with acute (acute) or long-term (more than six months) illness. We did not find evidence that home care led to a reduction in the rate of readmissions to hospital, in the length of time the child was cared for in hospital or in the number of days the child spent in hospital. However, there was some evidence that children who received home care were more likely to be more satisfied with the care they received. This may be due to the fact that in some of the trials, the children who were given home care also received some other types of care. Overall, we found no difference in the rates of parental anxiety or change in child behaviour between those who were provided with home care and those who received care in the home and those not. We also found no differences in physical and mental health outcomes and a decrease in length of stay in hospital, although there was a small reduction in physical health outcomes. There was little or no change in mental health and physical health in those who had home care provided by a nurse or nurse-provider. In some studies, both the nurse and child care providers were reported to have a role in the provision of care and in some there was no information on how to assess how much of a role they had to play in the care provided. This makes it hard to tell whether home care is worth the cost of providing care.
We searched for studies up to March 2016. We found 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared ICM with standard care or with other types of care. We included 7524 participants from four of these RCTs. The ICM group received the same amount of care as the non-ICM group, with a follow-up of up to 12 weeks. The mean age of people in the ICM groups ranged from 40 years to 70 years. The majority of studies were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance that results were valid). We found that ICM may make little or no difference to the number of days spent in hospital or in the amount of time people spent in the hospital. ICM probably makes no difference in reducing death by suicide or in reducing the need for people to leave the trial early (low- or very low-certainty evidence). In addition, we were very uncertain about the effect of ICM on unemployment due to very low quality evidence. When ICM was assessed for how well it worked, we found that when it did not take place, it may have had a role in keeping the ACTs in place (very low- or low-quality evidence). When we looked at how much of an impact it had on people’s adherence to ACTs, we did not find any clear evidence. The authors of the review conclude that when ICM is followed up for a long time, it is unlikely that the ACT model will change the quality of life for most of those receiving care.
We searched for randomised trials that compared box training with no box training or with other types of box training. We found 16 randomised, double blind, quasi-blind, placebo-controlled trials that assessed whether box training helped reduce the time it took for a test to complete a test and the time taken for the test to progress. We were able to combine data from 14 trials (382 participants) to give a summary result. The meta-analysis showed that the time to complete the test was 0.48 seconds less time in the box training group than in the control group. The time to progress was 3.79 seconds in the group that had a box model training and 4.79 minutes in the standard pelvic training group. We did not find evidence that any of these differences in time to completion of the test or in how long the test took to progress were due to chance. None of the other outcomes such as death or morbidity were reported in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee quality of life were not assessed. There was also no evidence for differences in the length of time the test had to take to do the test and there was no difference in the time required for the tests to progress between the groups in any of the comparisons (box trainee suturing (suturing with a sutured incision) or using Z-maze box training (using a single incision). However, there was some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data for all the other outcome measures that we looked at. This means that we cannot be absolutely sure of the size of the effect. The quality of evidence was very low to low. This was due to risk of bias in all but one of the trials, which had a high risk of systematic error (ie, there is a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the trial organisers or researchers) and some imprecision in the results.
The objective of this review was to assess the efficacy of peroral glucocorticosteroids for the treatment of primary sclerosing cholangitis. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of corticostimulants for this group of people. The use of a nasobile or nasogastric tube, via which fluid is pumped through the bile, for the first few days after surgery (the peroral phase) has been shown to be effective in the short-term (i.e. the first six to 12 weeks of surgery). There is little or no difference in the long-term risk of adverse events (e.g. relapse or death) or in the amount of blood lost (septicaemia) between the groups treated with either hydrocortisone or budesonide.
The aim of this review was to find out whether giving parenteral feeds around the time of the start of the trial is as good as giving them after the trial has ended. We searched for randomised trials that looked at the effects of early (soon after the operation) and late (more than three months after the end of the surgery) feeds on the risk of death. We found 11 randomised studies that addressed this question. We were able to combine data from seven of these studies, which were of high enough size to give a clear result. The overall risk for death was 0.67 (95% CI 0.41 to 1.07). There was no difference in the number of deaths between those who received parental and those who did not. There were no deaths in either group in five of the other trials that reported deaths. There was also no difference between groups in the length of time until the operation or in the amount of time it took for the operation to end. This review suggests that early feeding may be associated with a trend to a trend towards a better outcome in terms of survival and disability.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 57 randomised controlled trials (involving 34,390 participants) that assessed the effects of a range of BCTs on drinking. Forty-one of these studies (with 19,241 participants) provided data for our primary meta-analysis, which showed that people who received a BCT were about 23 g less than half a drinking day less than those who did not receive any interventions. Fifteen trials (with 10,862 participants) showed that drinking less than one drinking day per month was reduced in the BCT group compared to the control group. In 15 of these 15 studies, with 9791 participants, people who took part were about one drink session less per month than those in the no-participant group. There was no difference in the amount of alcohol they drank at the end of follow up (low- or very low- or moderate- or high- or low-quality evidence). There were no studies that looked at whether any harmful effects were caused by the use of these types of interventions. We did not find studies that examined whether any harms were linked to the interventions. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main sources of bias were high risk of bias (i.e. there was a risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and imprecision (there was a potential to arrive at wrong results because of the way that the study was done). This means that we have moderate to very low confidence in the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 24 studies, with 4233 adults randomised to either benzodiazepine or placebo, with a total of 2124 of these participants in the review and 1475 in the remaining 634 participants in three-arm trials. We assessed the quality of the studies as low or very low due to the risk of bias and imprecision of the findings. All of the trials were small and of low quality, so their results may not be reliable. We were able to combine the results of 22 of the 24 trials, which showed that benzodiazapine was as good as other medicines used in the treatment of schizophrenia. The dropout rate (dropout rate) from treatment was less with benzodazapine than with other medicines, but this may have been due to bias in the design of the trial. We did not find enough data to say whether or not people with schizophrenia who were treated with zolediazepine were more or less likely to recover from their illness than those receiving other medicines or a 'placebo' (fake) medicine (placebo). We found low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data for the other outcomes that we were looking at. This means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results. The studies did not clearly report side effects, so we were not able to tell whether any one medicine was better or worse than any other medicine in terms of side events, such as dizziness, dry mouth or dizziness. We also found no data for changes in mood, somnolence (sleepiness or dry mouth, and we were unable to draw any conclusions about these. The quality of evidence was very low or low for all of the outcomes we looked at. The main reason for this was that there were problems with the way the studies were done.
We searched for studies up to March 2014. We found 13 randomised controlled trials (involving 1520 participants) that assessed the effect of tai chi on blood pressure and risk of death or non-fatal events in healthy adults or those at high risk of falling. We did not find any studies that looked at the risk of dying from any cause, so we were not able to combine the findings from the studies. There was also a lot of variation in the type and size of the trials, which made it hard to tell whether or not the findings were valid. We were unable to combine results for any of the outcomes that we thought were the most important, that is, death or all-cause death. There were problems with the way that some of the studies were done. For instance, some studies did not report on all outcomes, and some were at risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term randomised trials to assess the effects of the use of Tai chi in healthy people. We identified three randomised studies that are currently in progress. These are the three main types of trials, and they are all short-term (no more than one year). This means that we do not know if the results are true or not.
Twenty-six RCTs were eligible for inclusion in the review. We were able to combine data from all studies in a meta-analysis. We found that, compared to no intervention or usual care, family-based programmes had a positive impact on stopping smoking. This was so whether the child was still smoking at the end of the trial or not. We also found that when the children were given a school-based programme, this had no effect on whether they quit smoking. We judged this to be of 'unclear' to'moderate' risk of bias. There was also some evidence that a combined family plus school programme may help children to quit smoking, although this was based on very low- to moderate-certainty data. We did not find enough evidence to say whether any of the other types of family programmes helped. This is an area that needs more research.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found three randomised trials, with a total of 453 people with cancer. We were able to combine data from two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days, but we did not find data from the third study (14 participants). The length of the trials ranged from seven to 14 days. The size of the studies ranged from 51 to 280 participants. The trials showed that dexamethasone (a corticosteroid drug) with corticostazine (an antiemetic), chlorpromazine (an antifungal drug), or corticotherapies (prednisolone or salbutamol (a steroid drug) did not improve nausea or vomiting in adults with cancer undergoing surgery. Side effects were not well-tolerable, and the drugs were well tolerated. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low due to imprecision, low- to very low-certainty, and a lack of data. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children (aged 12 years and above) and low birth weight neonates (aged six months to 18 years) with pneumonia who were treated with antimalarials (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to see if they were at risk of a LRTI (low risk of bias). We found 10 RCTs, of which three were of high quality. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. We found no clear evidence that the use of antimalarbials (asazithrofloccin, co co-transferon, penicill V or aqueous recombinant human chondroitin) prevents lung infections in children with HIV, cystic fibrosis or cancer. There was also no clear effect on the risk of death or morbidity in children who were given treatment for pneumonia (low- or very low- or moderate- or high- or both- or low-risk of bias) or on morbidity (very low or low quality). There was some low- to moderate-certainty data that showed that there was no clear difference in the number of deaths or deaths due to LRTIs between children who received co-treatments and those who did not. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of using antimalatorials on HIV-infected children with sickle cell disease or cancer because there were too few data. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low. This means that we have moderate or low confidence in the results.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found nine randomised controlled trials, with 519 adults randomising 519 participants, that looked at whether one type of airway airway gas was the best to use. Three of the nine trials were at high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism or favouring one or the other gas). The other trials were of very low or very low quality, which means that we cannot be very sure whether one gas is the best for the airway or not. We did not find any evidence that any one gas was better than any other. We were not able to combine results from all of the trials, but we were able to pool results from three of them (involving 100 adults) which showed that using nitrous oxide (three trials) was as good as using carbon dioxide (five trials) or room air (one trial) for the filling of the airways. There was not enough evidence to say whether any of the gases were more or less safe than other types of airways gases. There were no deaths in either group, and we did not have the data to know whether one was more safe than the other. The evidence from the three trials that reported on deaths from all causes, deaths from any cause, or any other cause, was very low to very low. This was due to the very low number of events that we found and the fact that many of the people in the trials did not know whether they were in the treatment group or not, which could have led to bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of dexamethasone used to treat BPD in preterm or low birth weight preterm infants. We found 14 RCTs that looked at the use of corticostimulants (prednisolone or hydrocorticoid drugs) to give corticosteroids to babies born postmenstrual age less than 28 weeks from the first day of life. Eight of these studies (303 infants) compared a high dose (more than 30 mg per day) with a low dose (under 30 mg/day). Four other studies (762 infants) looked at whether giving corticoprofen to infants with BPD soon after birth was as good as keeping the dose of the drug between 10 mg/d and 30mg/d. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. The trials showed that the higher dose of dexasone was associated with an increase in the risk of BPD, as well as an increased risk of other side effects (such as the need for blood tests to check blood levels of a drug, which can be a sign of how well a drug works in the first weeks of life). The high dose was not as effective as the low dose, and the lower dose was no more or no more effective than the other way round. There was no difference between the high dose and low dose regimens in the rate of death or BPD and the number of infants who died or had BPD. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main reasons for this were that there were problems with the design of some of the trials.
This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2004. We searched for new studies in March 2015 and found eight randomised studies that met our inclusion criteria. Six of these studies were done between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. We found that corticosteroids or cortisone, hydrocortisone or dexamethasone did not seem to reduce the risk of heart disease or reduce the need for heart surgery in the short term (up to one year). However, all of these results are based on trials that are old and at a high risk of bias, so they must be viewed with some caution. There was no evidence that any of the corticostoids or immunoglobulins reduced the incidence of heart surgery or reduced the number of adverse events.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effectiveness of any aspect of the control of trachoma by insecticide spray or any other method. We found six studies with a total of 12,294 children and adults from 79 communities. There is some evidence from three studies that using insecticides to spray the surface of the skin reduces the risk of having a cancer. However, there are some flaws in the methods used in these studies and so we are uncertain as to whether this finding is valid. There has not been a sufficient amount of research done to show the effects of other aspects of the way in which the effect of insecticides can be reduced.
Fifteen studies (1043 CFS participants) were included in the review. CBT was found to be effective in the short-term (six to 12 weeks) in reducing pain and fatigue in adults with CFS. However, when we looked at the long-term results (over years), we did not find any difference between CBT and usual care. This means that while we can say that CBT has not been shown to work in the long term, we do not know if it will work for people with other types of CFS (e.g. fibromyalgia or ulcerative colitis) who may be suffering from post-treatment pain or fatigue. For CBT when compared with other psychosocial treatments (such as relaxation, counselling and education/help), we found no difference in pain and tiredness scores at post-treatments. This suggests that while CBT may not be as good as other forms of treatment, it is not as bad as other kinds of treatment. We found no data to say whether or not it worked for other groups of participants, such as children or adolescents, or whether it had an effect on other aspects of the course of the treatment such as cognitive-behavioural therapy. We also found no evidence to say if it had any effect on the length of follow-up (i.e. how long the treatment lasted after the end of treatment or how long it took for people to get well) or on how much or how hard they had to rest for after-treatment. We could not tell whether CBT helped us to live with the symptoms of fatigue and how much we had to think about them. This is probably due to the fact that many of the people in the CBT groups left the study early and some of them did not return to work. This may have been because they felt that the treatment did not work well for them.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials up to July 2017. We found one trial that randomised 46 adults with sickle cell disease to either a placebo (pretend medicine) or a vitamin D supplement (cholecalciferol or HbSC). Of the 46 people in this study, seven withdrew from the trial early, leaving 39 people with HbSS and HbSβ0thal to take part in the study. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. The participants were randomised to receive vitamin D3 for six weeks or 12 weeks and were followed up for up to six months. Two participants from the treatment group have missing values of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, and so we can not be sure whether this is a sign of how well the treatment worked. The evidence from this study is of very low to moderate quality. The included study had a high dropout rate (high dropout rates), but a low risk of bias for other aspects of the way it was done (such as blinding of participants, personnel and outcome assessors, bias due to imprecision of the findings, and an unclear risk of other bias). We found that, compared to a fake medicine (placebo), vitamin D improves blood levels at eight weeks and at 16 weeks and 24 weeks, but not at 36 weeks. There is no evidence of a difference in side effects (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin D group and the fake medicine group. We judged the evidence for this result to be of low to very low quality. This means that we have very low confidence in the results and that the true results may be quite different from what this study found. The trial did not report on all of the outcomes we were looking at (e.g. how many people dropped out, how many participants dropped out of the trial, how long the treatment lasted, and how many side effects there were). We judged this study to have a high chance of bias and a high risk of random error (that is, there is a chance that the study might have been biased because of favouritism by the way that it was run). The study did not measure how well people were taking the medicine or how well it worked, how well they took the medicine, how much of the medicine they took, and whether there were any side effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi-randomised trials (q-RCT) and quasi-blinded trials (CBAs). We searched for RCTs and CBAs up to July 2017. We found only one RCT, which included 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS. This RCT compared the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (reST). Children were allocated to one of the two treatments. Treatments were provided intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a tertiary care clinic in Australia. Speech and language speech therapy was provided by a team of speech and language pathologist, with the help of a rapid syllable transrectal translator. The evidence from this RCT is up to date as of 4 June 2017. The results from the RCT were imprecise due to imprecision, and so we were not able to draw any firm conclusions. The RCT did not look at one month post-therapy, which is the most important time point for a child's well-being. This means that we do not know whether or not the treatment has an impact on long-term outcomes. We judged the evidence to be of very low to moderate quality. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one to one and one to four months post-treatment. This was because we could not tell whether one treatment was more or less effective than the other, or not, and because we did not find any evidence to show that one treatment is more effective than any other.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found four randomised trials that randomised 268 people with retinochoroiditis to take part in the studies or not. Three of the studies were from the USA, one from the UK and one from Brazil. All four of the trials were at high risk of bias due to poor reporting. One study from the US in adults looked at pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks; one in the UK in children and adults assessed pypyrimine-triptyline for four weeks; and one in Brazil looked at trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol for 12 months. In the last study, all participants had had the disease for 45 days, and people were treated with antibiotics for 45 minutes in the first 45 days of the study. The other three studies in adults and children did not state whether they received the same amount of antibiotics. We judged the three studies to be at low or very low risk for bias, and we judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to very low. The US and UK trials showed that people treated with an antibiotic for eight or 12 months had about the same change in vision (about 1.00 letters) as those treated with a fake (placebo) for one year. The UK study showed that there may have been a reduction in the risk of recurrence of the disease over one year, and the Brazil trial showed a similar change in visual acuity (1.00 points on a 0.93 letters) that could not be ruled out. There was no difference between the groups for any of the other outcomes that we looked at. The last study reported that there had been no new cases in the year after the start of treatment, and that there were no new episodes in the one year after treatment, but this was based on very low- to low- or low-certainty evidence. The study in Brazil in adults showed a greater number of new events in the 12 months after the end of the trial, but not in the longer term (more than 10 years). The UK and US trials did not show a difference in the occurrence of new episodes or recurrences of the illness, but did not report on the other outcome measures that we were looking at. This means that we do not know if there have been any new events over that time. The evidence from the studies we found is of very low or low quality. This is due to the lack of data.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any type of hip screw with any other type of plate or screw. We found 43 RCTs, which were published up to July 2013. These trials were published mainly in the 1980s and 1990s and were conducted in the USA, UK and the UK. The evidence from 22 of the 43 trials (3749 participants) showed that the Gamma nail was not as good as the sliding hip screw in terms of reoperations, post-operations and post-operative pain and function, but was associated with a greater risk of reoperation for the femur and a higher reoperation rate for the hip screw. Five trials (623 participants) compared the intramedullary hip screw (IMHS) with the SHS. There was no difference between the two types of hip screws in reoperation, wound infection and length of stay for the PFN (PFN) group. Two trials (65 participants) found that the PRN had fewer fractures and were associated with less post-operation pain. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) that looked at whether other types of nail were as good or worse than other types were able to give the same amount of good results were found. The trials did not look at whether there were any differences between the different types of bone grafts or how well they worked. This is an area that needs further study.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more groups using a random method) looking at the effects of palliative surgery and the use of a medicine called octreotide (a medicine that dissolves the growth of cancer cells in the colon). We found only one study that looked at this question. It analysed data for 47 women who had either paliferative surgery (n = 27) or the medicine called Octreotide and found that it was not able to show us whether one treatment was better than the other. This means that we do not know whether one form of surgery is the best, and we can not say whether it is any more or less successful in terms of prolonging the life of women with cancer who have undergone surgery. However, it did suggest that some women who received surgery may live longer than those who did not have surgery, and this may have been due to the fact that some of the women in the group that had surgery were not as good as others in the control group in order to keep the cancer from getting worse. There was no information about whether any of the two types of surgery were better than each other. We judged this to be of low or very low or moderate or both. We found that there was some evidence from one study to show that using a medicine known as OCTreotide may help to prolong the life time of patients with cancer, but there was a lot of weak evidence in other aspects of the trial that it did not give the best results. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of statins to improve the quality of life and fertility in women with PCOS. We found four RCTs that were suitable for inclusion in this review. They were randomised, which means that we can draw no firm conclusions about the effects of the drugs on the health outcomes. We did not find any evidence that any of the three main types of statin (simvastatin, atorvacatin and ufrofloxacin) improved the health of participants. There was some evidence that statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels and blood lipoprotein levels, but there was no evidence that they helped with menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, or whether they were used alone or combined with the oral birth control pill (OCP). There was also no evidence for any effect on body mass index (BMI). However, there was some low- to very low-to-very low-quality data that showed that there may have been some bias in the way the trials were done. There is a need for good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale randomised trials to look at the benefits and harms of using statins in the treatment of PCOS in the long-term.
We searched for randomised or quasi-randomised trials that assessed the effectiveness of any type of palliative treatment compared with radiotherapy. We found no new studies for this update. We searched for studies up to July 2014. We identified 1522 references in the search, but we were not able to find any new studies. We planned to include randomised controlled trials that looked at the use of paliferative treatments to reduce the risk of bleeding in women with cervical cancer. However, we identified no new randomised studies for inclusion in this review. Therefore, we will still search for studies every two years, but will not publish an update of this review until any randomised trials have been conducted. We suggest that there should be a randomised study to look at the effects of palliferative treatment on bleeding in the cervix or cervix. There is a need for a study to be done to find out if any paliverative treatments can help to stop or stop the spread of cancer in the women with cancer. This study needs to take place in a well-resourced, well-designed randomised trial.
This Cochrane Review summarises evidence from three RCTs evaluating the role of temozolomide in the adjuvant treatment of glioblastoma multiforme. A single RCT found that, in the short term (i.e. up to 10 years after the tumour has been surgically removed, the tumours in which the cancer remains in the brain and spinal cord (grade IV GBM) continue to shrink. The risk of haematological (blood in the urine and brain) adverse events (e.g. tiredness, haemoglobin levels in the blood, infections) and recurrence of tumour size was similar in both treatment groups. In the long term (more than 10 years) the risk of recurrences (new tumour growth) was about the same in both groups, although this may have been due to the fact that there were not enough events in the first part of the course of the treatment.
The aim of this review was to find out whether or not contracting-in has an impact on the health outcomes for people with HIV/AIDS. We searched for studies that had been done in the last 10 years. We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria. The first study was done in 2003 in the USA and the other study in 2005 in the UK. The findings of one of the studies in the US and the UK suggest that contracting-in may lead to an increase in the use of antenatal care (28% in USA and 14% in UK) over 18 months, but do not seem to have an effect on health outcomes. The other trial in the other trial did not show an effect. In three countries in Latin Africa, managers who did not receive the training had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more health outcomes than those who received the training courses. There is low- to very low-to-very low-certainty evidence from the USA to support the effectiveness of the practice. There may be some benefits in terms of improving health services and health care for pregnant women and their health care providers. There might be some harms. There has not been a lot of research done in this area so we do not know exactly how much of an improvement there have been. Other types of work have not been done to find the best way to keep people employed and keep them employed.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found three randomized studies that assessed whether surgery or non-surgical treatments were better in terms of death, morbidity, and side effects. We included 123 participants in the review. All three of the three studies reported deaths, and deaths occurred in two studies. There was no clear difference in deaths between treatment groups (risk ratio 0.56, 95% CI 0.13 to 2.42). There was some evidence that surgery reduced the risk of pneumonia, and there was some indication that it did not increase morbidity. We were not able to combine the data from the three trials because of differences in the way they reported results. There were also problems with the way the methods used in two of the studies, which meant that we were unable to tell whether one treatment was more or less safe than the other. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and pre-and-after (trials before and after) trials of the drug cerivastatin in people with high blood cholesterol. We found fifty RCTs and 31 trials that looked at the dose-related benefits and harms of this drug in 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol assessed. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. The main findings of the review are that, when compared with fluvastatin and rosuvacatin, people treated with the drug had about 11.0% to 40.8% of their blood cholesterol lowered, or about eight points on a 0-52 scale (with a range of 0.025 mg to 0.8 mg/day dropout rate), or about 9% to 21%. This was the same as with other drugs. When we looked at how much the drug helped, we found that it did not seem to help as much with the other drugs that are in the blood. This means that we can be fairly sure that the drug works well with the least side effect of these drugs. Also, we can say that when the drug was given for three to 12 weeks, the drug did not cause side effects that were as low as for other drugs in this group. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. We also found that when we took all of the data from all the trials, the drugs were about the same or more likely to cause side-effects that were not related to the drug. We could say that we had about a 25% to 30% more chance of having side-effect that was not caused by the drug and that this was the case for most of the drugs.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found 28 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised 6851 participants to have their kidney stones surgically placed by hand or through a vein. The mean age of the patients ranged from 45 years to 77 years and the mean duration of follow up ranged from two weeks to 12 months. Most of the people in the trials were followed up for up to 10 years. The main aim of the review was to find out if the use of the technique led to a decrease in serum creatinine levels, in the need for dialysis or in the risk of death. We did not find any evidence that it did. We also found high-certainty data that showed that using the technique did not lead to a change in serum creatineinine, need for blood transfusion or all-cause death. However, this was based on only 14 out of 28 RCTs with 1022 patients. We were not able to tell whether using the method led to any side effects. This is due to the low number of events that we found and the fact that some of the results were imprecise. This means that we do not know if the results are true or not and that we cannot be absolutely sure of the size of the effects. We believe that this is a problem that needs to be assessed with care. We think that cuff inflation is a safe method and we think that it is unlikely that it will cause any harm. We have moderate- to high-risk of bias for most of the outcomes we looked at.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-free randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of any type of drug or non-drug intervention on PSF after stroke. We found 12 RCTs (three from the 2008 search and nine from the 2014 search) with 703 participants. Eight of these studies looked at the effect of medicines (fluoxetine, enerion, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs) on reducing PSF. Six of the other trials looked at different types of non-medicines (e.g. a self-help programme or a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). We found that people who took part in these trials had less pain in their legs and in their arms than people in the groups that did not take part. We also found that the pain was lower in those in whom the medicine was used more often. We did not find evidence that any of these medicines or any of the interventions had any effect on other symptoms such as sleep apnoea (shortness of sleep), depression (psychosocial) or having a self management programme. Four of the included trials did not look at the effects on tiredness but other symptoms after stroke, such as headaches, dizziness and insomnia. We could not find any evidence that medicines or other non-pholic interventions were any more or less effective than other types of therapy in reducing the severity of pain after a stroke. This is due to the low number of events that we found and the fact that many of the trials were carried out over 30 years, which is a long time ago. This means that we do not know the true effects of these interventions.
We searched for randomised trials that compared the use of a preterm baby with or with a placebo (fake medicine) or no treatment to see if there was good evidence that any of these were effective. We found three studies that were very small with a total of 74 preterm babies. The trials were very different from each other in terms of how they were done and how the outcomes were assessed. We were not able to tell whether any of the studies were at risk of bias due to not being able to blind the clinical staff to the type and size of the study. The evidence from two of the three trials (Malone 1991 and Hu 1999) showed that using a fake medicine (cation-exchange resin) reduced the risk of death in preterm infants with high blood loss from all cause. The use of albuterol (glycosylates) for four hours or eight hours was as good as using saline inhalation for eight hours and did not cause any harm. No serious side effects were found with this type of medicine. We believe that there is a need for more research in this area.
Twelve trials were found to be included in this review. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias compared IVIg with PE in 623 children. They used to treat a range of diseases, such as childhood cancer, leukaemia and HIV/AIDS. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the results were available, there was no difference between the two treatments. In three trials with 75 children, there were no differences between the treatment groups for any of the other outcome measures used. In one trial with 249 children, after four weeks of treatment with PE followed by intravenous corticosteroids and immunosuppressive drugs, more children in the corticostomies improved than those in the control groups. In the third trial with 75 adults, after 14 weeks of follow-up there was more improvement in the treatment group than in the no-treatment group. The main outcome for this review, available for only one randomised, controlled trial, was improvement in disability in the four weeks after the end of treatment. This was not found in the trials with other measures that are used to assess the effects of the treatments. The use of corticoprophylactic drugs, in this case corticocorticosteroid drugs followed by a platelet transfusion, has been shown to be effective in the short-term in children with cancer who have been ill for several weeks or more. They have not been proven to work in the long-term.
We searched for studies up to April 2014. We found 28 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are assigned to one of one of two or more groups using a random method) with a total of 9330 people. In 21 of these, 7597 people were randomised to a high (with a high dose of 7 µg of oxygen per minute) or a low dose of air within 30 days of the operation. In trials with an overall low risk of bias (low chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers), a high amount of oxygen was not associated with a reduction in all-cause death or in the risk of death in the first 30 days after surgery. Similarly, a high number of people in the high-dose group did not die during or soon after the operation, whether or not there was a change in the number of deaths. The risk of adverse events (infection or infection of the nose and throat due to the use of the airway or a decrease in the rate of surgical site infections) was lower in people receiving a high fraction of oxygen than in those in the low-flow group. However, these findings were based on low- to very low-quality, randomised trials with a high or moderate-risk of bias. Therefore, we judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 25 randomised controlled trials (involving 3258 children) that looked at the effects of giving or not giving oral antibiotics at all stages of the course of the trial. We assessed most studies as being at low to very low risk of bias. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, which meant that we were able to look at data from 23 trials (3258 children). We found that, compared to a group of children who were not given any antibiotics, those who were given antibiotics were more likely to have complete cure of their cough after two to three months. However, there was some evidence that they were more or less likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash. There was no difference between groups in terms of the rate of the need for a ventilator tube to be re-inserted or in the number of days the tube was left in place. None of the trials looked at speech, speech and language development or quality of life. We did not find any data on the impact of the use of oral antibiotics on any aspect of speech and speech-behavioural development or on the effect of the tube on any part of a child’s well-being. We also found no data on whether there were any side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate to low for the main outcome of complete cure and low to moderate for other outcomes. This means that we are reasonably sure that the true results are close to what we found, but there are some imprecision points that make it hard to be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effects of a LPD on death or morbidity in adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. We found 12 RCTs, nine of which were well-conducted and published up to July 2013. Only one RCT explored all-cause death and end-stage kidney disease as end points. Pooling of the data from the seven RCT trials in type 1 diabetes showed a non-significant reduction in the rate of the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of 0.1 ml/min/month in the LPD group. For type 2 blood tests, one trial showed a small increase in the GFR in the protein-restricted group and a decrease in both the intervention and control groups. No data on the effect of LPDs on quality of life and costs were found. One of the trials found no evidence of a change in the number of deaths or deaths due to ESRD or death in either type 1 or type 2 diaries in the two groups treated with LPD. However, this result is based on evidence from a very low- to moderate-certainty trial. No long-term data were available. The results of this review show that reducing protein in the diet appears to slow the progression to kidney failure, but not significantly so. The level of protein intake and compliance with the diet remain.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good quality and seven were of low or very low, meaning that we were not very sure how well they were done. Most participants in most of the studies had mild brain injury, and most people made a good recovery when they were assessed. For the subgroup of participants with moderate to very mild brain injuries, there was evidence that formal treatment led to improvements in the ability to make good progress. There was also strong support for the use of a milieu-oriented approach for those with severe brain injury in which rehabilitation takes place in a non-therapy group and involves a peer group of patients. For people with mild to very severe brain pain, there were also improvements in this group of people. For those who were not able to make a good progress in the first few weeks after the injury, there appeared to be gains made in early post-acute (up to four weeks) and long-term (more than six months) rehabilitation. For participants with severe to moderate ABI, there may have been some bias. For this group, it was not clear whether the quality of the evidence was high or moderate. This means that the true results may vary a lot, and that it is difficult to tell whether one type of ABI is better than any other. The use of specialist in-patient rehabilitation and specialist multidisciplinary rehabilitation seems to lead to earlier gains, and the balance between the cost-effectiveness of such interventions has yet to be determined. The quality of evidence for other than ABI varied from'strong' to'very low'. This is due to the fact that there were problems with the way in which some of the research was done, and in some cases it was difficult to mask participants and researchers from knowing whether or not they were in the treatment group.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) that looked at whether rooming-in was as good as separate care. This was a randomised, double-blind, non-blinded controlled trial. The evidence from this trial is of low- or very low-quality. The women in the trial were followed up for four months. We did not find any difference in the amount of time the infants were breastfed for up to six months. The rate of breastfeeds on the day four postpartum was 8.3 per day for the group of women who were roomed in, which was eight times more than for those who were not (i.e. seven times per day). However, we were not able to tell whether this was the same as the rate of breastfeeding at six months of age because the participants in the group that was roomed had been breastfed at a fixed rate (eight times a day). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. The trial did not report on any of the other outcomes that we thought were important for mothers and babies, such as the number of breastfed infants who needed to be cared for in the first few days after birth (separate care), or the length of time it took for the infant to be weaned from the breastmilk to first breastfeed (separation from breast milk. The quality of the trial was low to very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results.
We found eight randomised controlled trials involving 660 people with acute ischaemic stroke. Six of the eight trials were of low or very low quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six of the trials. Pooled analysis of seven trials indicated that sanchi might lead to a reduction in the risk of death or of being dependent on others for 28 days after the stroke, but this was not confirmed in the longer term. The evidence from the seven trials that were available to us suggests that schani may be beneficial and safe for the short-term and that it is unlikely that it will cause harm. However, the number of people in the trials was small and the quality of the evidence was of very low or moderate. More well-conducted randomised trials are required.
This Cochrane Review set out to find out if there is any evidence from randomised controlled trials to show whether or not there is a difference in the number of people who fail to have a new implant after the teeth have been fixed in place or have had a new one placed after 2 years or more. There are 14 randomised trials but not very many of these have been done so we have not been able to draw any firm conclusions so far. There is a need for more well-conducted randomised studies in this area so that we can find out whether there are benefits or harms of placing these types of implants just after the tooth has been placed.
In this Cochrane Review, we set out to find out if clioquinol is effective in the early stages of treatment with Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi-randomized controlled trials and quasi-blinded placebo-based RCTs. We found one RCT with 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for us to use in the review. There was no difference in the average change from baseline ADAS-Cog (Cog = 7.37 and 6.36) in the PBT2 250 mg arm compared with the placebo arm at weeks 24 and 36. The difference in mean change from start of the year in the clioquol arm was significantly greater than in the control arm (7.51 and 13.24). However, there was no evidence that the drug had an effect on other aspects of cognition (cognition or non-cognitive symptoms) or on quality of life. One participant in the treatment group had a mild drop in vision (impaired visual acuity and redness of the eyes) which resolved when the drug was stopped. In the second RCT we found two trials with 78 people with mild Alzheimer's dementia; all were randomised and all were included in the results of the RCT. The results from the first RCT did not show any effect on cognition or other outcomes. However, the results from two other trials showed that in the 12 weeks after the start of treatment, when PBT1 was compared with a fake medicine (placebo), there was a reduction in the accuracy of the scores on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale -Cog and a decrease in the number of people who dropped out of the trial due to side effects. This may have been due to bias in the way the trial was run. The evidence from the second trial was of very low or moderate quality. This was mainly due to the lack of data and the fact that there were problems with the conduct of both the trial and the way it was done.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 36 studies with 2999 adults and children with pulmonary hypertension from all causes. We assessed the risk of bias in all of the trials and found high-certainty data that PAH was more likely with PDE5 inhibitors than with other types of PAH. The risk of death from any cause was 22% to 30%. We found that participants with PAH were more likely to improve their ability to walk on their own, to walk 48 metres further in 6MWD, and were 22% less likely to die over a 14-week follow-up. The number of deaths was 32% to 50% less in those treated with PPDE5 inhibitor compared to those on placebo. There was an increased risk of adverse events such as headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, joint pain, and flushing with these types of drugs in those on PPDE 5 inhibitors. We could not tell whether these side effects were more or less than for those not on a PAH inhibitor. This was due to the low number of people in the trials, and the fact that most of the results were based on just a few, small, short-term trials.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 22 randomised trials with a total of 2193 adults who received local anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. We assessed the risk of bias in all of the trials and found high levels of high-certainty evidence that giving a local anaesthetist with a transarterial nerve block for hand or wrist surgery reduced the rate of primary anaesthesia failure compared with giving a single injection. We also found high-quality data that showed a reduction in the time to readiness for surgery or the need for additional analgesia. We did not find evidence that the reduction in primary anaesthetic failure was due to chance or that it was caused by chance alone. However, we found that when the nerve block was used, the time taken for the nerve to open and the amount of analgesia required was less, as was the time it took for the needle to open up. Tourniquet pain was less than twice as long for the local anaesthetic to open. The quality of the evidence was high for all outcomes. This means that we are very confident in the results and that further research is unlikely to change our findings.
We searched for studies that assessed the growth effect of beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day for at least 7-12 months in pre-school and school-age children with mild-moderate asthma. We found three randomised, double blind, placebo- or non-steroidal studies that met our inclusion criteria. All three of these were conducted in the USA. In all three studies, a decrease in growth was seen in the year after the start of the study. The average decrease was 1.54 cm per year. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it is not clear if the change in growth lasted for a long time or whether it was reversible when the drug was stopped. In the case of mild-severe asthma, the effect was about the same in both mild- and more severe asthma. The effect on growth in the longer term (i.e. over several years) has not been proven to be significant. However, if inhaled corticosteroids are required to control a child's asthma, we need to use the minimum dose that will allow the child to get on with the course of treatment. We did not find studies that looked at the growth effects of other types of inhaled steroids that have potentially less side effects.
This review aimed to find out whether this form of peritoneal haemodialysis is any more or less effective than the other. Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in the review. All three RCTs were of high risk of bias and there was a risk of imprecision. There was no difference in the risk of death, risk of peritonitis or the need for a peritonic catheter to be re-inserted (transplantation), nor in the amount of time it took for the catheters to come back. Patients on APD had significantly more time for work, family and social activities. APD has not been shown to have significant advantages over CAPD in terms of outcomes such as death, need for blood transfusion or need for admission to hospital. However, there is a need for further research in this area.
This review of 37 randomised trials (9312 patients) suggests that CRT is more effective than CT in terms of OS, PFS and SM. However, the evidence for this result is not very strong because of the low number of trials and participants, as well as the fact that some of the people in the trials had other types of cancer that were not included in the meta-analysing, so it is difficult to tell whether this finding applies to all people with relapsed Crohn's cancer. Furthermore, the size of the improvement in OS and PFS between patients in the CRT and those in the CT arm of the trial is quite large. This means that it is unlikely that this finding will be due to chance alone.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effects of long-term (12 to 12 weeks) and quasi-randomized studies (up to 12 months) opioid use in adults with chronic pain. We found 26 RCTs with a total of 4893 people. Opioids were given by mouth (12, 3040), transdermal (5, 1628), or intrathecally (10, 231). The mean age of people in the trials ranged from 36 years to 70 years. The mean duration of the studies ranged from three months to 12 years. Most of the trials were conducted in the USA, with one study in the UK, one in the US and one in Thailand. The majority of the participants were men, and the mean age was 36 years. Nineteen of the 26 studies reported on the amount of pain relief. Many people stopped taking the drugs due to side-effects (22.9% in the oral groups and 15.3% to 30.8%) or due to lack of pain reduction (8.1% to 25.0%). The mean dropout rates (7.6% to 13.9%) were about the same in both types of groups, as were the rates of relapse (13.2% to 14.8%) and recurrence (10.3%, to 15.6%) in the non-opioid groups. The number of people who dropped out of the trial due to adverse events (such as nausea, dizziness, or drowsiness was about twice as high in the treatment groups that took the drugs by mouth as in those that took transdermally. The risk of having a relapse of the same dose of the drug was approximately the same for the three- and four- and six-fluorouracil, and for the same dosage of the other two types of opioid. The quality of life was not clear due to an insufficient amount of data for oral (oral) and intrathecal (intravenous (intrectal) (transdermal) (intathecal) studies. The amount of side-effect data for the oral and intathecal groups was very low to moderate. This means that we are uncertain as to whether one method is better than the other and that we do not know which method is the best to give the best pain-relief for a particular group of patients. The evidence is up to date to April 2014.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found only one study with 212 men, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with an mean age of 58.4 years in the oxandrolone group and 100% male (100% in the placebo group). The evidence from this study is of very low-certainty due to imprecision due to the very wide range of results, which spanned both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spinal cord injuries. Thus, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of Xolair (20 mg/day, given by mouth) on complete ulcer healing at 24 weeks. We are very uncertain about the results of the study on the risk of side effects, as we assessed the reliability of the evidence as very low. There was low-risk of bias in the trial, and so, we cannot be sure of the results. There is a need for well-conducted, well-designed, large-scale randomised controlled trials to assess the effects of XOLA.
We searched for randomised studies that looked at the effectiveness of the use of this form of health care. We found six randomised trials, with a total of 8372 people. Four of the six studies (with 477 people) looked at whether people were more or less aware of the type of healthcare they were getting and whether they had to take part in the decision-making about whether or not to participate in the trial. The other trials looked at how much or no difference there were in terms of how much and how much they cared for the patients. We did not find any data on how much people cared, or whether there were any harms. For people who wanted to learn about their health from a leaflet, we found no difference in how well they were able to learn from them. For those who were not able to take the test, or who were given other forms of healthcare, there was no difference between the groups. There was also no information on how well people knew what group they were in when they were taking the test. For patients and their care-providers, when we looked at what other types of healthcare people were getting, we did not see any difference. We do not know if this is good or bad. We think that the fact that there were problems with the way some of the trials were run and run makes it hard to tell whether they were at risk of bias or not. We also think that some trials had some flaws in the way they were done, which means that we can't be sure how they were run or run. This is why we think the quality of the evidence is weak. The evidence from the studies we found is weak, and we think this is a problem that needs to be looked at with more rigor.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of postural restrictions on BPPV and mastoid oscillation during the Epley manoeuvre. We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared postural restriction with either no postural control or with other postural interventions. We found 11 trials involving 855 participants. Nine of these studies used postural limitations as their intervention. Pooled results from nine of these nine studies showed that postural limits did not affect post-treatment vertigo (i.e. vertigo is a state in which the body’s ability to function as a group, as well as a subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data). All nine of the trials used a Dix-Hallpike test (which is a test that records the amount of change that a person can feel in the course of a course of action) to assess whether a postural limit had been placed on the behaviour of the body. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients compared with 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a positive to a very low grade test (the test is used as the test of whether a person is cured or not). Pooled data from three of the nine trials showed that the addition of postury postural controls had little or no effect on the rate of change in postural vertigo. Postural restrictions alone were effective in just under 80% of the people with BPPVs. There was no evidence of benefit from the use of mastoid ovary oscillation, or of additional steps in the behaviour. However, it is important to note that this result is based on very low- to moderate-certainty data. This means that there is a chance that the real effect may be quite large, that is, a large, but not very large, effect. There is also a risk that the effect is due to bias in the way the trial was done.
We searched for studies up to March 2014. We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at four types of surgery for sinus surgery. The evidence from these four RCTs was of low or very low quality. There were no studies at low risk of bias in any of the studies. The studies looked at one type of surgery, endoscopy, polypectomy (removal of the sinus and part of the nose) or high-dose (high-dose) corticosteroids (antibiotics). There were problems with the design of three of the included studies that made it hard to tell whether one treatment was better than the other. There was also a large amount of data that was not relevant to the review topic. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of foods with or with other nutrients/factors that could be used to help reduce the risk of underweight and stunting. We included eight RCTs with a total of 579 participants. Seven of the trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods, and four compared the use of the same foods with other vitamins and with the same food without the same nutrients. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on zinc deficiency. We did not find any difference in serum or blood levels of serum or plasma zinc in people consuming foods with zinc and other micronutrients when compared with those who did not consume these foods. However, we found low- to very low-to-very low-quality studies that did not report on these outcomes. This means that we do not know the true effect of using these foods as a supplement in the diet. A study of wheat flour found that eating wheat flour alone did not result in a reduction in the amount of zinc in the blood. A trial of adding iron to wheat flour did not show a change in the number of participants who received this type of food. A small study of adding red wine to a maize flour found no difference in the proportion of people who received red wine alone compared with people who consumed red wine with red wine and white wine alone. This study did not look at whether red wine added to a wheat flour led to any change in blood or serum levels of zinc. We rated the overall quality of the evidence as low or very low. This was due to risk of bias, which means that there is a chance that the true results may be different from the estimate of the effect, that is, the true result may be quite different from what we found, or even close to the truth.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of men with metastatic prostate cancer treated with non-steroidal antiandrogens for up to 70 weeks. We found 11 RCTs involving 3060 men. The evidence is up to date as of September 2013. The risk of bias of the included studies was high. The results showed that use of these drugs decreased the chances that men would live for longer than 70 weeks (six studies, 2712 men) or would fail to get the cancer to get worse (three studies, 1336 men). The risk that the cancer would get worse or that the men would stop taking the drugs was about the same in both groups (five studies, 2067 men). Men with metastasis were about twice as likely to stop taking these drugs due to adverse events (such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and asthenia) in the group treated with these drugs than in the groups treated with other types of drugs. The quality of evidence was moderate for both survival time from the start of the trial and the risk of the cancer getting worse during the course of the study. This means that we can be reasonably confident that these drugs are not causing men to stop using these drugs.
We searched for randomised trials that compared the risk of dying from breast cancer or of any cause with or with no risk of death from any cause in women who had not been screened for breast cancer. We searched for trials up to July 2013. We found eight eligible trials. We were able to include 600,000 women in the analyses, which were conducted in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three of the trials with high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was done) and four trials with suboptimal bias (there was a risk of arriving at wrong conclusions due to the play of chance). We found that breast cancer deaths were not lower in the group of women who were not screened, irrespective of whether or not they had been screened. However, we found that there was an increase in the use of cancer-killers (lumpectomies and mastectomies) in the screened groups, which may have contributed to the increased risk of breast cancer death. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. This means that, for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of a breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been screened if there was not a cancer, will not have died of cancer. Furthermore, more than 200 women will have had some pain or pain from the cancer.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found four studies, with a total of 522 women. One of these studies did not assess live birth rates, and so this was not included in the review. Three of the other three trials looked at the effect of hCG priming on PCOS. We did not find any evidence that hCG was associated with a reduction in live birth or miscarriage rates. However, we found some low- to very low-to-low-certainty data that showed hCG may have had little or no effect on the chances of having a live birth. We also found no evidence that it had any impact on the chance of a live pregnancy. The evidence from the three studies that looked at hCG for PCOS was of low or very low quality. This means that we are uncertain whether hCG has an impact on live birth and miscarriage rates and may not be able to tell whether or not it has had an effect on any of these outcomes. The quality of the studies was low. The main limitations were lack of blinding and imprecision (i.e. there were problems with the way the trials were done).
In this Cochrane Review, we found 24 studies, but only 16 (10,114 women) had data that could be analysed. We found that both ERT and HRT did not reduce the risk of cognitive impairment in postmenopausal or other women with HRT and postmenopause or HRT-deficiency after five and four years of treatment. Side effects were rare, and most of them were mild. There was some evidence that ERT was no more or less effective than HRT in reducing the chances of having a relapse of cognitive function after one year or four years, but this finding was based on very low- to moderate-certainty data. The authors of the review concluded that there was good-to-very low-quality good-quality data that showed no effect of ERT-defecting women on reducing the rate of cognitive loss after five years or more of HRT or ERT treatment.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found two studies with 880 adults with COPD. Both studies compared inhaled ICS/LABA with LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium). They were published as full articles, and both were at low risk of bias. Both of these studies lasted 12 weeks. We are uncertain whether once-a-day inhaled corticosteroids and ICS, combined with one inhaled inhaled inhaler, is more or less effective than ICS alone for the treatment of moderate to very severe COPD (very low- and very low-quality evidence). We found no evidence for differences between ICS and LAMA for other endpoints such as death, pneumonia, and the occurrence of side-effects. There was no evidence to suggest that the use of ICS was more effective than LAMA in terms of reducing side-effect rates. There were no deaths in the TIO arm or pneumonia in either arm. We did not find any data for other important endpoints, such as the frequency of exacerbations leading to intubation (the need for a tube to be placed back into the airway) or for the percentage of days without any side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence from both studies as very low or very low. This means that we have very low to very low confidence in the results.
We found four short-term (eight weeks) RCTs (169 participants) that assessed the effects of fluoxetine or clomipramine in the treatment of BDD. Only one RCT (67 participants) found that the drug was better than a fake drug (placebo). The results of the other three trials were less clear, and the findings of these studies need to be replicated. A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one trial of CBT. The findings of the small number of RCT studies available suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating patients with BDD, and that the majority of the studies were conducted over 20 years ago. In addition, the findings in other trials, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well as a range of psychosocial approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are not yet available.
We found three randomised trials that examined cotrimoxazole for prophylactic use in HIV-infected adults and compared a desensitization protocol with a rechallenge plan. We found that the use of a designitized treatment led to a reduction in the number of people discontinuing treatment with the drug and also to a decrease in the occurrence of side-effects. In the three trials that looked at cotimoxZole for the treatment of infections caused by HIV. The review authors found that when a treatment was followed up for six months people who were given a desegitization treatment had about one-seventh of the risk of discontinuing the drug compared with those who were not, and this may or may not have been due to the fact that the decision to discontinue the drug was made for them to follow up for longer periods of time. In addition, when we looked at the three small randomised controlled trials that were included in this review, we found that people who received a desgivensitized intervention had about a third of the chance of the drug being withdrawn from the drug after six months of follow-up. This may have been because the treatment was given for longer times than it should have been, or because it was done in a way that made the decision for people to take the drug hard to assess whether the medicine well-tolerates the drug or not, or both.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found three trials involving 148 preterm neonates that assessed the effect of midazolam on death, length of time spent in the ICU, and side effects. We identified no new trials for this update. The trials were of moderate quality. The studies showed that the sedation levels of the babies in the NICU were higher in the group of babies who had a low amount of sedation (5.4 days) compared with the group that had a normal amount (10.5 days) of placebo (placebo). However, none of these results have been validated in preterm infants; therefore, we were not able to assess whether they were due to the fact that there were problems with the conduct of the trials or the use of other drugs that might have affected the findings. The length of hospital stay was longer in the babies who received a low dose (3.80 days) than in those who did not. One study (43 infants) found that the newborn pain levels were lower in babies who got a low dosage (5% to 10% of the infants) of a short dose (25% to 30%) of a drug that was not given during the first 28 days after birth compared with a group that got a normal dose (15% to 20%). We were able to make no firm results for the other outcome of death or length of NICU stay. We considered these trials to be of low to very low risk of bias.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 767 adults and very few trials that looked at the use of antibiotics to treat diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. Only two of the studies looked at people who had not been taking their treatment for six weeks or more. Antibiotics were not shown to have an effect on the number of days in which people were not able to get the same Salmonella serovar (a type of medicine that kills bacteria in the gut) or the length of time it took for bacteria to progress in the colon to reach the gut (called the'seizure' or 'clostridium bromide' phase). Antibiotic use did not increase the risk of having a fever or fever for the first week after taking the medicine, or the duration of illness or the need for a course of antibiotics. There were more adverse events in people who took the medicine in the two to four days after the start of the trial. We are very uncertain whether giving the medicine makes a difference for people who have not been able to take their antibiotic treatment for a long time. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we have very low to very low confidence in the results.
We searched for studies that assessed the accuracy of the test for sepsis in critically ill adults. We found 23 studies, with 4192 adults included. Of these, 22 of the 23 studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there were problems with the way they were designed and carried out), and the results were imprecise. This made it hard for us to draw reliable conclusions and we were not able to confidently state whether or not the test was accurate. We did not find enough high-certainty evidence that the test is accurate. If we test 1000 adult patients who are under suspicion of sepsi with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients would be given treatment with antibiotics, and 170 patients would not have been undiagnosed as not having sepsa. We also found that, out of 1000 adults who were given antibiotics, 161 would have been detected as not being sepsic, and out of 100 people who were not, 87 would have not been missed. Our results are based on low- to very low-quality evidence. This means that we are uncertain whether the true effects of the tests are quite the opposite of what this review shows.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found 29 RCTs, with a total of 518 participants. There were 16 trials that compared wound dressings with no wound dressing, and five trials that looked at people having what was considered 'clear/contaminated' surgery, with the rest of the evidence being of very low or very low certainty. Four of the trials (four trials) looked at wound dressages that did not need to be used, and compared them with other types of dressings. The other 25 trials looked at dressings that were used with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressages. We summarise the evidence from these 29 trials. We are uncertain whether wound exposure or any dressing reduces or increases the risk of a site of SSI. This is mainly due to risk of bias and imprecision, as most of the studies were small and reported low numbers of events. There was very low to very low confidence in the results for the main outcome of how well the wound worked, which is whether or not the wound was washed and dressed after the operation. This means that we are very unsure of the true results. We were very uncertain about the results of the other outcomes that we looked at, which was how good the wound wound was in terms of how good it worked, how bad it had to work, how many people had to be washed, how long it took to get it to heal, how much scarring it took, how well it took for the wound to heal and how many days or weeks the wound had to heal. There is very low- or low-certainty data on how well dressings worked and how well they worked. We did not find good-to-very low-quality evidence for how well wounds healed, how good they healed or how bad they had to get the wound, and for how many of the wounds got worse or worse.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials up to July 2014. We found one randomised trial that randomised 179 women to take selenium tablets or placebo tablets from the first trimester (the first 24 hours of the trial) up to the first week after giving birth. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid with placebo. This trial found selenical had an effect on postpartum depression but did not reach a meaningful result. Sixty-one of the 179 women completed the test, with 41 of whom completed an EDS. In the DHA arm, 85 women took part in the study and were randomised to 85 women. Sighty-three of these women were given treatment for eight weeks. The trial did not report on any of the other outcomes of this review. The evidence from this trial is of very low to moderate quality. This was due to a high risk of bias (i.e. a large proportion of the women in the placebo arm did not finish the test) and a high dropout rate (many women did not complete the test). The other study, which did not include many women, found no difference in self-reported EDS, but did find improvement in the self-report of the test within eight weeks of the birth. This study did not find any difference between the groups in terms of the number of women who completed an EPDS or in the rate of relapse of their depression. However, this was a low- to very low-certainty study. This means that we are very uncertain as to whether this result is true or not. There is a need for high-quality research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed whether giving a doxorubicin for six hours or longer reduces the risk of heart failure in adults with solid tumours or leukaemias. We found 11 RCTs, but we found no trials that looked at whether the length of time it took the drug to give the drug and how long it took for the cancer to heal (called long-term follow-up) or whether it caused any side effects. We also found no evidence that giving the drug for longer (six hours or more) compared with giving it for less than 60 mg/m2 (the dose most often used in these types of trials) makes a difference in terms of the occurrence of clinical heart failure. People who had an infusion of a higher dose of the drug did not have less or no side effects compared with people who had a dose of 60 mg-m2 or more. However, because there was only a small amount of data for children and data for adults, we were not able to tell whether the higher dose was better or worse. We think that the fact that there was a high risk of bias in some of the other studies means that we can not be very confident in the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 37 randomised trials with 3110 randomised participants; nine of these were new for this update and five had been excluded from the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included in the 2017 update. We included both adults and children with TBI. Most of the trials commenced treatment on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three of the 37 trials reported deaths; 31 of these had data for unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability). We did not pool these data for meta-analysis, and we did not assess the risk of bias of these studies. We considered the length of hypothermia treatment and the amount of time it took for the hypotherm to wear off (the length of follow-up) to vary. We used the GRADE approach to judge the quality of the evidence for each outcome and downgraded the results to very low or low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results and that we are very uncertain about the size of the effect. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of hypthermia on death or on pneumonia because of the lack of data. We judged the results for these outcomes to be very low- or low-quality evidence.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of this type of treatment. We searched for studies up to July 2013, and we found five, with a total of 519 participants. Three of the studies were of high quality, and the other three were of low or very low quality in terms of how they were done. The findings from three studies, based on the non-combined results from three of these studies, suggest that, although there is some evidence for the efficacy of family therapy in the treatment of depression, there is a lot of imprecision in the results. This means that we are unable to say whether or not this form of treatment works. This is because there were problems with the way some of the other studies were done, or did not measure the same things, that makes it hard to tell whether they were of good quality. There is a need for more high quality research in this area.
We searched for randomised trials that compared Duxil with placebo or no treatment in people with dementia. We found three randomised controlled trials, with a total of 206 participants. All three trials were assessed to be of high risk of bias (that is, there is a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers, favouring one treatment over the other). When we analysed the results of these three trials, we found that there was no evidence for a beneficial or harmful effect on cognition. Due to the low quality of the trials, and the fact that there were problems with the way they were done, we were not able to combine their results. There is a need for high-quality, large-scale randomised studies to confirm or refute these results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2013. We found seven RCTs with a total of 960 people with axillary lymphadenopoietin-stained lymph nodes that compared drain use with no drain use or drain use. None of the studies used blinding (i.e. making sure that those taking part in the trials were not aware of whether or not they were in the drain group or not) and this may have led to imprecision. Pooled results from four trials (involving 600 people) showed that drain use may be associated with a reduced risk of a new seroma in the short term (approximately 1.47 days less), but not in the long term (more than three years). There was no difference in the occurrence of lymphoedema (infection) between drain use and drain use, nor in the incidence of haematoma (a cancer of the white blood cells that starts in the blood). The mean length of postoperative postoperation was 1.5 days less in drain use than drain use (95% CI 1.23 to 0.35). There were no data on quality of life or morbidity (e.g. haemoglobin levels in red blood cells or platelets) or on the need for blood transfusion. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes. This is due to the variation in the design of the trials.
We searched for randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of these drugs to reduce the risk of colorectal cancer or adenoma in the colon. We found eight RCTs with 390,769 participants. Five of these were of high quality, while the other three studies were of low or very low quality. The evidence from the studies that we found showed that taking Isoflavones, Flavonols or phytoestrogin did not seem to decrease the risk that the cancer got worse or that it got worse. However, there was some evidence that people who took high amounts of procyanidin (a drug used to help the colon to open up and to expand) may have had a lower risk of the cancer getting worse or getting worse. There was also some low- to very low-to-very low-evidence to show that taking a high dose of epicatechin (an anticholinergic drug) or a high amount of high-dose of inhaled anthocyanin (an anti-coagulant drug) in the first few days after taking the drug may have helped to stop the cancer from coming back or the need for surgery. We also found some moderate- to high-quality evidence that increased amounts of high doses of Isofluorouracil (an adjunctive drug) and high levels of high dose flavonoids (which are drugs used to increase blood flow) may help to stop cancer growth. We did not find any evidence that any of the other drugs used in these trials were of benefit. The quality of the evidence was very low to low. This was due to problems with the way in which some of the studies were carried out.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of extending the duration of treatment to 72 weeks in HCV genotype 1 infected patients with human chorionic cholera. We found seven RCTs, with a total of 1369 participants. All trials had high risk of bias (that is, there is a chance that the true results are close to what we found). We found that extending the length of follow-up (from 48 weeks up to 12 weeks) did not change the number of patients who had to stop the drug for at least 12 weeks. The risk of relapsed virologic was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks (27/84 (32.1%) versus 46/91 (50.5%). The length of treatment did not increase the risk of a relapse (recurrence of the virus in the blood after 48 weeks or 72 weeks) compared with the group treated for 12 weeks to 24 weeks. Adverse events occurred more often in the 48-weeks-to-two-week-treatments group than in the 12-we-year-treatment group, but this did not seem to change the rate of relapse. The number of people who dropped out of the trials due to side-effects (seizures or deaths) was about the same in both treatment groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main reasons for this were that there were problems with the conduct of all of the studies, and that some of the results were imprecise.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer that had not been surgically resectable. We found two RCTs that met our criteria. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. Both studies were at low risk of bias. The mean risk of unresectable disease after CT scan was 60.5%. This means that 61 out of 100 people who had resectal cancer after CT scans had unrectable cancer on laparoscopy and the other 61 in 100 who had cancer on the other side of the pancreas had recurable cancer. The post-test (post-test) quality of the trials was 86.9% and the mean percentage of people with a positive EUS test was 20.0%. This suggests that 13% of people (95% CI 3% to 39%) with negative EUS have cancer and 20% (5% to 53%) of the people with the same test will have a new cancer. Based on these data, we are uncertain whether or not EUS is useful in this group of people.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any type of blepharitis treatment. We found 34 RCTs and 6 CCTs, with a total of 2169 participants. The trials varied in many ways, with follow-up times and types of treatment, treatments, and condition of participants. We were able to perform meta-analyses for 20 of the 34 studies (with 1661 participants) and for 14 of these (with 508 people) in the 14 trials that were included in the review. Because of differences in the types of people in the studies, we were not able to combine their results. However, topical (topical) and oral (oral) antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for the treatment of the eye. Adverse events, such as inflammation of the cornea, were not shown to be a major problem. The effectiveness of other treatments for blepharyngitis was not shown, and the evidence for the efficacy of any of these treatments was not strong. Lid hygiene may be useful in reducing some of the adverse events that can accompany the condition (e.g. staphylococcal or staphidococcal staphbocytopenia). There was no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing the disease (i.e. infection or death). However, due to the variation in the type and size of the trials, it was not always clear how they were done. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
We searched for evidence from high-quality randomised trials up to March 2017. We found only one randomised controlled trial that assessed the effects of photodynamic therapy on the course of disease in a child with RRP caused by the human papillomatoid virus. This was a large, high-risk trial with 23 participants. This trial did not report any of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopic) was assessed in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported in this study included airway swelling that required intubation in the child with severe RRP a few hours after treatment. This study was at high risk of bias. Multicentre randomised studies with adequate sample sizes and long-term follow-up are needed to assess the effect of photolysis.
We searched for evidence from randomised studies up to July 2013. We found 42 randomised, double blind, quasi-blinded, placebo-controlled trials (involving 4220 participants) that assessed the accuracy of CDUS for cancer and non-small-cell lung cancer. We also found 22 non-randomised, small-scale, low- or very low-quality studies that looked at the efficacy of CE-CDUS. Of these, 22 of the studies looked at how well CDUS worked and how well it worked compared with CDUS. The results showed that, when compared to CDUS, CDUS was better in terms of accuracy (i.e. accuracy of 0.82 (95% CI 0.66 to 0.91) for CDUS and 0.93 0.95 0.90 0.0 for 0.98). When we looked at studies that had been done for 10 years or more, we found that when we compared how well the test worked with and how good it worked with each other, we did not find any difference. When we brought together the results from all of the trials we found, we were not able to tell whether or not the test was accurate. This was due to the fact that many of the results were imprecise and some studies did not clearly report how they were done, and in some of the case of some studies, we could not tell whether one test was as good as the other. We were able to draw conclusions about how good the tests were based on how well they worked.
We searched for studies up to June 2014. We found and assessed all of the evidence in this Cochrane Cochrane Review. We identified and assessed seven studies, with a total of 766 women. Four of the studies used an intacutaneous injection, two subcutaneous, and one both. All studies looked at low back pain in labour only. Steroid water was compared with saline. The methods of four studies were good, but four were at high risk of bias due to the small size of treatment groups and the lack of data. There was evidence from four of these studies that women who were treated with saline had less pain in the short term (i.e. up to 24 hours) than those who were given sterile water. However, there was no difference in the rates of caesarean birth or forceps deliveries, or in the length of time it took for the baby to be born. There were no studies that looked at the long-term effects of the use of sterile water, such as the need for babies to be cared for in the neonatal nursery, or the costs of the treatment. We did not find any evidence for or against the effectiveness of using sterile water for pain relief in labour. There may be a need for more research in this area.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants. Ten of these studies, with 1418 participants, compared sutured mesh with glue. However, the types of mesh used and how they were put into place were not the same in all of the trials. Half of the evidence was of low- or very low-quality due to the risk of bias in the methods used and the imprecision of the findings. The evidence suggests that suturing the wound with glue may be more effective than suture in the reduction of chronic pain after surgery. There was no difference in the length of time it took for the wound to heal or the need for blood transfusion. The studies did not report any side effects. We did not find enough high-quality evidence to draw any conclusion about the effects of synthetic glue.
We searched for randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials that looked at the effects of the use of a 'package' of three types of methods to help with this type of review. We found three of these studies, but only three of them were randomised controlled studies. These studies showed that a 'placebo' (i.e. a group of people who have done a lot of work in this area and have been assessed in a way that is not very good) version of the review. However, there was some evidence that the 'group' of methods used before the publication of the study led to fewer errors in the words and references in the titles of the articles. There was no evidence that they led to less bias in terms of how the studies were written or how they were presented to the authors.
We searched for studies up to March 2014. We found 15 randomised, double blind, multicentre randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 721 adults with cancer pain due to a wide range of cancer types and types of cancer. All studies were done on adults; there were no studies on children. Ten of the 15 RCTs used codeine as a single medicine and three combined it with paracetamol (an anti-cancer drug). Most of the other studies used either codeine alone or codeine combined with other drugs. Most of these studies gave codeine at a dose of 30 mg to 120 mg per day. Codeine was not shown to work as a pain medicine in all but one study, which looked at the effect of a single dose of codeine on pain intensity and pain relief. We did not find evidence that codeine was better than other active drugs in terms of pain intensity or pain relief, so we can say little about whether codeine worked any more or less well in cancer pain than other types of pain medicines. There was not much data to say whether it worked any less or more well with codeine than with other medicines. Adverse events were poorly addressed in these studies, and we could not tell whether giving codeine to all people in the treatment groups had an impact on the risk of adverse events. We rated the quality of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate or high. Very low- to high-risk of bias means that we are very uncertain about the results. High-to-low-risk studies mean that we have very low to moderate risk of bias. For this Cochrane Review, we judged the quality to be very low because of problems with the way that some of the trials were done.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 12 randomised controlled trials and one quasi-randomized study of 563 adults with HbSS or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, who were followed up for a total of eight weeks. Interventions ranged from one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The quality of evidence from the trials ranged from 'not important' to'moderate to substantial' for a range of outcomes. The overall risk of bias of the trials was low to very low. The findings from four trials (160 participants) showed that patient and caregiver knowledge improved by 0.87 points (95% confidence interval 0.28 to 1.45). However, when we looked at the longer-term results, we found that the improvement in knowledge of sick-related illness did not continue after one year. Caregiver knowledge also showed an improvement in 0.52 points, but this improvement did not last for long-term follow-up. We were not able to tell whether or not it had an impact on the use of health-care services. We also did not find evidence that it helped people to cope emotionally, to self-manage their feelings of pain, or to take care of the emotional aspects of their health. No information was found about how well people were able to cope, how well they were coping, how they were taking care of their physical and mental health, how much they needed help with pain, and how good they were with coping. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to low for all of the results. This means that we can be reasonably sure that some of the findings are true, while others are not.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found six randomised, double blind, placebo-involving randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of brivaracetam used as add-on to other medicines used for treating epilepsy. We included six RCTs with 2411 participants. All six of these studies were conducted between 16 and 80 years old. Only one of the trials looked at people with both focal and generalised seizures. The other five studies looked at participants with focal seizures only. The length of treatment ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. The evidence from the studies we found showed that people with drug-related seizures were more likely to have their seizure frequency reduced by 50% or more in the six months after the start of the study compared with those who received a fake medicine (placebo). However, they were more than twice as likely to withdraw from the study due to adverse events (such as headaches or dizziness) as those who did not. The risk of having one or more adverse events was about the same whether they were treated with briaracetam or not (low- or very low- or moderate- or high- or both). The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all of the outcomes we looked at. This means that we have moderate or low confidence in most of the results, and that some of the conclusions are imprecise because of imprecision or have some risk of bias.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 38 studies, most from high-income and low- to middle-income countries. Many of these were focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella), rubella or rubella vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting (high confidence in the evidence). Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions in some parents (low to very low confidence). Parents wanted to be informed about the benefits and harms of vaccines and were able to make recommendations based on information they felt could help them (high or very low reliability in the data). They wanted to have information to help them decide whether or not to vaccinate their child with measles or rubellas. They thought that the health workers were as good as they thought they were and were not 'too good' to tell them when to give the vaccine or when to ask, and they felt that when they did not, it was hard to tell whether they were doing their best to help. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of how well they worked with them. They were more likely to talk to them when they were asked about whether they had done their job well and what they thought the best way to do. We judged this to be of high or moderate confidence. Parents often found it difficult to know which information source they felt they could trust and found it hard to find information they thought was unbiased and balanced (high quality). The amount of information they wanted and the sources they thought could be trusted seemed to be linked to whether they got more or less information (low or moderate quality). Parents who were more willing to take part in a trial had to be told that there was a lot of uncertainty about the results. Parents were more than twice as sure that they had been able to tell when to get the vaccine and when to go to the nurse or doctor for the vaccine (high-to-very low quality) and when compared with those who were not. Poor communication and the risk of bias caused us to have very low or moderate levels of confidence in some of the findings.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults and adolescents with anorexia nervosa. We found 10 RCTs, with a total of 599 participants. We now have three new trials for this update, so there are six new studies in this update. Trials tested a range of different types of psychosocial treatments, and most were of low or very low quality. This means that we can draw no conclusions about the effects of any of these types of treatment. The results of the review suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than treatment as a TAU alone. This is based on very low- or low-quality, very-low-quality evidence. There was a suggestion in one RCT that focal psychodynamic therapy might be superior to TAU, but again this was based on just one trial. There were no differences between TAU and TAU for any of the other outcomes that we looked at, nor for body mass index (BMI). There was no difference in the proportion of people who dropped out of the trials when treated by TAU or TAU. Two of the 10 trials were of very low or low quality, meaning that we are very uncertain whether they were of high or low or moderate or both. Two trials found that the amount of weight loss and weight gain were no more or less with TAU than with other types of therapy, and there was no evidence that any one type of treatment was more effective than any other type of therapy. We conclude that there is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the included trials was very low to very low. This was due to the risk of bias (i.e. not being able to blind people to the type and size of the intervention) and the lack of data for the outcome measures.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of silicone oil and perfluropropane gas compared with each other or with placebo. We found three RCTs involving 516 adults. One study was from the USA and the other two were from the UK and the USA. The first included 151 adults in the USA had to take part in two of the trials and the second in the UK had to participate in one or more of the other trials. The third trial was a multi-centre, international trial and involved 94 adults. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The trials did not show any clear differences in the proportion of participants who achieved at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieved macular attachment (separation of tears from the lens of the eye after surgery) or in terms of quality of life (at least 3/1000 points on a 0-52 scale) between the groups treated with the oil and the gas. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main reasons for this were imprecision (variation in results) and lack of data. This means that we can not be absolutely sure of the true results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found five studies (involving 1819 women) that assessed whether planned early birth was safe and well-conducted. We assessed the risk of bias in these studies and found that most were at low or very low risk of systematic errors (i.e. imprecision). We found that planned birth was not more or less safe for the mother or her baby. There was a lower risk of the baby dying or having more long-term morbidity for mothers who had planned to have a caesarean birth, but there was no clear difference in the risk for the baby. Women who received planned birth were more likely to have HELLP (high blood platelet transfusion) and had a greater risk of some short-term side effects (e.g. high blood platelets (leukopenia) and high blood pressure (hypoerythropoietin). There were no clear differences between groups based on gestational age, gestational week or condition. We also found no difference between groups in terms of the length of stay in the neonatal nursery or in the NICU after the birth of the child. There is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effect of planned birth on the health outcomes for mothers or their babies. There may have been some bias in the way some of the trials were designed and conducted. This may have affected how women and staff were treated and how decisions were made about whether or not to give birth early.
We found six randomised controlled trials (involving 142 participants) that assessed the usefulness of giving three- times-a-week prophylactic treatment to children with hemophilia A or B with or without joint bleeds. We did not pool the results of the trials because of differences in the designs of the studies. We found that three-times-aprophylactosporin A and B have been shown to be useful in the prevention of joint bleedings in the short term (up to seven years). There was no evidence from randomised trials to suggest that any of these regimens is more effective than the other. There was evidence from the studies we found to show that the use of long-term venous grafts (the grafts that help to keep the joint closed) can help keep the joints closed and preserve joint function in patients with existing joint pain. However, there were problems with the design of some of the other studies that we found, which meant that we were not able to combine their findings.
This is an update of a review first published in 2013. We found one new study in this update. In this update, we have added 13 randomised trials with 1824 participants to a list of 13 that met the inclusion criteria for this review. We were able to combine data from 10 of these, however, data in usable form was only available in 10 trials with 732 participants. Eight of these trials aimed to induce remission; the other studies aimed to keep the cancer from getting worse. In two out of three of these studies, this was substantial. The length of time it took for the cancer to get worse was as long as 10 years. In five of the trials, the treatment was stopped when the cancer got worse; in eight studies, the drug was stopped because of side effects; in five trials, it was stopped only when the tumour got worse. The choice of whether to start the drug or not was determined by a method other than a random method such as a coin or a toss of a coin so that the two groups received the same amount of or no treatment. This is to say, the choice of the treatment could be made by chance (that is, by chance alone) and the trial had to start with a placebo (a fake medicine) or a 'placebo' (pretend medicine). We were not able to pool data for any of the outcomes that were assessed in the trials because of the differences in the way that the trials were done. This review highlights the need for good quality, well-conducted, large-scale randomised controlled trials to determine whether the best way to treat people with cancer is to reduce the risk of relapse or death.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the use of intranasal or intramuscularly (IV) injections in Rhophylac to reduce the number of Rhinocytes in the blood. We found two RCTs involving 447 Rhinoglycosides. In both studies the women received a dose of 1500 IU (300 microgram) during 28 of gestation. The studies did not report on RhD alloimmunization, which is an uncommon event. We were not able to assess whether there were any differences between the route of giving anti-D and the route used in the first few days after giving the medicine. One of the studies found that the mean blood IgG (i.e. the blood test that records the amount of red blood cells in the RhD blood) and the mean dose of the medicine differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV; 19.8 (8.7) n/mL IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-treatment, the blood levels of the drugs were the same for both routes of giving the drugs. None of the trials found that any of the groups had any differences in terms of adverse events. The choice of whether the medicine was given by IM or IV depends on the type of medicine used, the dose to be given and the patient's preferences.
We found eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 21,379 patients with type 2 or CVD. The mean follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All trials were at low risk of bias except the CHARISMA (Trials 1 to 3.5) trial which had high risk factors for bias. Three trials compared ticlopidine to aspirin or to aspirin and dipyridamole, or compared clopidogrel combined with aspirin to aspirin alone. The results from the five trials with aspirin alone showed no differences in the number of deaths or myocardial infarction (strokes). However, there was some imprecision of data on all-cause deaths and blood clots in the major artery (the major artery is the part of the blood that channels blood from the heart to the blood). There was also no evidence for a reduction in fatal and non-fatal stroke with the use of ticlowopidine compared to aspirin. There was no data for any of the other types of antiplatelet drugs that have been used to treat CVD (aspirin, aspirin, heparin or flurbiprofen). Only one trial with 355 people with CVD was available for this review. This study did not show any difference in the risk of stroke or death from any cause between aspirin alone or aspirin plus aspirin and aspirin with aspirin and another type 2 drug. There were no deaths or heart attacks in either group in this trial. We did not find any data for other than that in the other than aspirin on the other drugs used in the treatment of CVD, such as flurbin and aspirin. We found no trials on other classes of drugs that are not used in CVD such as aspirin or fluprofen. There is a need for well-conducted, well-designed, large-scale randomised studies to assess the benefits and harms of using these drugs in the prevention of stroke.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed whether airway clearance or ventilatory assistance helped to improve sputum levels in the blood during the night and the day. We found 10 randomised controlled trials with a total of 191 people with cystic fibrosis. Seven of the trials looked at single treatment sessions, one looked at a two-week treatment, one used a six-week intervention and one had a three-month intervention. We were not able to blind the assessors (i.e. assessors and assessors were not aware of the type of intervention being used and this could have led to bias. Six trials (151 participants) looked at non-invasive ventilation for airway clearing. Three trials used nasal masks, three trials used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask. We did not find any evidence that airway cleansing helped to keep the airway open and clear, but it did improve some lung function and some aspects of quality of life. Results for the two main outcomes of the review showed that people with CF who were able to clear their airways may have done so with the use of nasal masks or mouthpneumas and may have been able to do so by chance. However, we were unable to tell whether one type of nasal mask was better than the other because the other trials did not report on this. Three of the studies that looked at the effects of other types of ventilator included in the review did not measure this. This means that we do not know if one method is as good as the other. We judged the overall the risk of bias in the trials to be low to very low. The quality of the evidence was very low to low for all of the outcomes we looked at. This was due to the small number of trials and participants, and because some of the results were imprecise.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found and assessed three new long-term randomised, double blind, non-blinded studies that assessed nocturnal-NIPPV for at least three months in people with stable COPD. We were able to combine data from seven of these studies, which provided data on 245 people. We obtained IPD for all participants in all studies. The 95% confidence interval of all outcomes in the 95% CI of all studies was 0.0 to 0.3 m. This review has led to three new studies, with a total of 245 people included. The evidence from the three new longer-term studies is insufficient to draw any conclusions about the effects of NIPPV in the long term. The results from the two new long term trials did not show significant effects on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, lung function, lung injury due to inhaled nitric oxide (oxygenation), oxygenation of the blood, sleep and quality of life. The quality of the evidence is moderate to very low for all outcomes. This is due to the small size of the trials and the fact that not enough data were found to draw reliable results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found four randomised controlled trials, with 1190 women. We assessed the risk of bias in these studies and found that for some outcomes, such as the chance of a caesarean birth or instrumental birth, there was no clear effect. There was also no clear difference between groups for other outcomes such as brachial plexus injury (two events in one trial), asphyxia (low blood oxygen in the blood), and low arterial cord acid (moderate- or low blood acid). There was some evidence that the babies of women who had been in labour for more than 24 hours had a lower birthweight (178 g) and were less likely to have problems with birth than those of those in labour who had not received induction of labour (low- or very low- or moderate-quality evidence). In one study, there were more third- and fourth-degree tears in the induction group. The evidence from the studies was of high or moderate quality. Induction of labour for suspected macrosomia has not been shown to change the risk for brachia injury, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. Also, the trials were often of poor quality and included few women so many women may be worried about induction, so many inductions may not be needed. Nevertheless, there is some high- and low-certainty evidence that there is a reduction in birthweight and fewer birth fractures and shoulder dystocia in the group of women in which the labour was induced.
We searched for randomised trials up to July 2013. We found 56 trials with 95,286 people. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Forty-eight of these trials recruited 94,491 healthy adults. Of these, four trials included healthy adults, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older adults living on their own or in hospital. The mean age of people in the trials ranged from 59 years to 75 years. The trials were conducted in high-income countries. Ninety-four of the trials reported no deaths, and nine trials reported deaths but did not report in which intervention group the deaths occurred. The remaining eight trials included 795 participants with neurological, heart, lung or rheumatoid diseases. The evidence from the 56 trials is current to April 2014. Most of the studies were well-conducted, with no risk of bias. More than half of the included trials had a low risk of systematic error (i.e. play of chance). The findings of this review indicate that, compared with other forms of vitamin D supplements, vitamin D reduces the risk of death. However, this finding is based on low- to very low-certainty (low-quality) evidence. This means that the true effect may be quite large, or even very large. This result should be viewed with some caution. Vitamin D decreased deaths in all but four of the 56 studies (12.5%) compared with 6.077/47,814 (13.7%). More than 8% of participants dropped out of the trial (11.0%). Vitamin D3 (14.0%) decreased deaths (4,153/37,817 vs 4,340/38,110) compared with 11.0/39,051 (11%). The quality of the evidence was very low to low. This finding is due to the low number of deaths and the fact that most of the participants in the trial were older than 70 years, which is a known risk factor for death. The findings from the other trials were very low quality, which means that we do not know if this result is true or not.
We found that fluoxetine, orlistat, or sibutramine can help obese adults to lose weight over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss was modest, and the long-term effects of these drugs are not clear. Some side-effects, such as tremor, somnolence, sweating, and palpitations occur with these drugs, but these are only seen with short-term follow-up. Side-effects of other drugs, e.g. mazindol, ephedra, sertraline, yohimbine, amphetamines, topiramate, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, and bromocriptine are unknown.
We searched for randomised studies that compared the efficacy and safety of VGB with CBZ in people with epilepsy. We found five randomised controlled trials, but they were not all of the same results we had planned to report. We were not able to combine the data from the trials because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those we were looking for. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four were of low or very low quality. The results of the trials did not show that VGB was any more or less safe than CBZ. In fact, there were more cases of skin rash and drowsiness in the VGB group compared with the CBZ group. However, this did not seem to affect the time to the first seizure or the time until the seizure was stopped. There were no differences between the groups in terms of the amount of weight gain or the number of episodes of skin rashes and dizziness. No differences in visual field defects or problems with the eyes were found between VGB and CBZ, but these were not of very large size. Therefore, no firm conclusions can be drawn as to whether VGB is better or worse in this regard. The quality of the evidence is very low to moderate. This is due to the lack of data and the fact that many of the studies were of poor quality. This means that we have very little confidence in the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found four RCTs, but two of these had high risk of bias and did not report results that we could use in this Cochrane Review. The other three trials had low numbers of participants and were not able to give us the full amount of data we thought we would need. We were able to combine data from two of the studies, which showed that there was no difference in the number of deaths or adverse events in the group treated with G-CSF plus plerixafor compared with the control group that received a fake medicine (placebo). However, there were high numbers of deaths and side-effects in this group and we were unable to tell whether this was the same in the real group. In the other study, there was an advantage for those who had aplacimab (a drug that blocks the growth of tumour cells) over those who did not have a transplanted tumour. In this case, we could not tell whether one treatment was better than the other. However, this was based on very low- to moderate-certainty evidence. The third study, which was of high quality, showed no differences in the numbers of people who died or had adverse events between the two groups. The fourth, which did not use enough data to show whether one type of graft was as good as the other, was the non-Hodgkin lymphoma (a type of cancer in which the tumour remains in the brain). In this study, 95.9% of the patients in the plerciclovir group had a transplantation and 88.3% of those in the sham (fake) group received a stem cell, and the remaining participants did not. This study did not measure the amount of time it took for the cancer to progress or how long the cancer took to progress. This was the subject of a high-quality trial. The evidence from this study is up to date to April 2017.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, long-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of giving or not giving cones. We found 23 RCTs, involving 1806 women. All of the trials were small, and in many of them the quality of the evidence was very low. The trials varied in the way they were done, and this made it hard to combine their results. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. There was not much evidence to show that cones were any more or less effective than pelvic floor exercises and electrostimulation alone. Cones were not shown to be any more effective when used alone, but when added to pelvic floor training or when combined with electrostimulating. Only seven of the 23 trials looked at whether the use of cones had an impact on a woman's quality of life, and there was no evidence that they had an effect on the cost of money. This review provides some evidence that, when used together with pelvic floor treatment, cones may be better than no treatment in women with SUI and may be as good as pelvic floor treatments alone. This is based on evidence from only a few, low- to very low-quality trials. More high-quality, large-scale, high-certainty trials are needed before we can be sure whether this is true or not.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that assessed the effects of self-monitoring, decision aids, and self-help. We did not find any randomised controlled trials that looked at the effectiveness of these types of interventions on anticoagulants (blood clots in the limbs or joints) in patients with AF. We found that self-control had a small but positive effect on anxiety and depression in the short-term (i.e. six months or less) and on the long-term, i.e., 12 months or more. There was no information about whether self-care had an impact on the risk of TTR in the longer term. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we were unable to draw any conclusions about the effect of these or any of the other types of intervention. Therefore, more research is needed to find out whether any of these work.
This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2012. In this review, we identified seven new randomised trials, for a total of 40 randomised controlled trials involving 11,487 women. We have added seven new trials to this review with a number of new studies. The trials showed that PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as effective as each other and that the risk of a caesarean birth was about 10% to 30%. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart rate changes (such as contractions of the uterus or perforations of membranes) was about 4.8% compared with 1.0%. The chances of a vaginal birth were about the same in both groups (13.5% versus 14.8%). The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. This is mainly due to the small numbers of women in the trials and the fact that many of the results were imprecise.
This review aimed to find out whether cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress is more or less effective than incubator care. We found five randomised controlled trials involving 247 preterm and low birth weight preterm or low birthweight infants. Four of the five trials, with a total of 141 preterm/low birth weight, reported on episodes of high blood pressure (hypoerythropoietin) and increased body weight gain during the week after discharge from the neonatal nursery. In the cot group, more infants breast fed on the first day after birth and fewer infants died before discharge from hospital (three trials, 150 infants). In the incubator group, fewer infants fed on discharge and fewer babies died (four trials, 235 infants). However, these and other results failed to reach a conclusive result. The five trials with a combined total of 231 infants did not show a clear difference between cot and incubator groups in terms of body and weight gain. In addition, there was no difference in body or weight gain between the two groups with the use of a heat-filled bed.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found three randomised controlled trials, which included 146 participants. The main findings of the review were that both open and closed surgery for the two types of PDCs exposed the same amount of povidone. This means that we were able to combine data from 141 of the 146 studies, which showed that both types of surgery were equally successful in eliminating the PDC. Only one of the three studies reported on the outcomes of one operation in which a PDC was lost. This was the closed group, which had to be closed because of failure of the gold chain. We were unable to pool data for any of the other outcomes that are listed in this review, such as dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time. We considered the quality of the evidence to be low to very low due to the risk of bias in the studies and the fact that there were problems with the conduct of two of the studies. Therefore, we are uncertain as to whether one technique is better than the other and further research is very likely to change these findings.
We searched for studies up to March 2014. We found three randomised controlled trials, with 244 women. The trials were of very low quality. The prostaglandin used in all three trials was misoprostol. This drug was used to induce labour and was compared with a fake drug (placebo). The evidence from these trials did not show that the use of prostagandin helped to reduce the need for manual removal of the placenta, the rate of postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion, mean blood loss and the time from injection to placental removal. Side-effects such as shivering, headache, pain and nausea were common in both groups, with the exception of shivered, which was more frequent in the group that received progesterone. We did not find any data for maternal deaths and the need to add a drug to the uterine uterine drug. The quality of the evidence was very low. This was due to the risk of bias and imprecision of the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found six studies involving 355 preterm babies that assessed the effects of giving or not giving CPAP for the first 28 days after birth. We did not find any new studies for this update. We included studies that compared CPAP with no CPAP, sham CPAP (fake CPAP), face mask CPAP or endotracheal CPAP. For this update, we found no new randomised controlled trials. The included studies showed that CPAP given for up to 28 days to preterm infants with very low birth weight (under 1500 g) did not decrease the risk of death or the need for help with breathing. Babies who received CPAP had about five times less chance of dying or needing help with ventilator assistance. They also had about three times less risk of having a lung infection called bronchopulmonary dysplasia. The risk of pneumonia was about one-seventh of that for babies with birth weight above 1500 g. Use of a CPAP did not seem to increase the chance of a lung injury that required help with oxygenation but may have had a role in keeping the CPAP in place (pneumothorax). Babies receiving CPAP were more likely to have a nosebleed (pulmonary thrombocytopulmonary purpura), but this may have been due to the presence of other factors, such as having a face mask or a nasal prongs (e.g. mucosa in the nose or a mask). We found no evidence that the use of CPAP was associated with more side effects.
We searched for randomised trials that compared foam dressings with other types of dressings or with no dressings in adults with foot ulcers caused by diabetes. We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 157 participants. All six of the trials were small and/or had short-term (six weeks or less) follow-up times. We did not find any evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings were more likely to heal foot ulcer. There was also no difference in the amount of time it took for the ulcer to heal when foam dressing was compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised trials that examined the effects of endoscopy and surgery on pain and long-term follow-up in adults with obstructive (two to five years) and dilated (short-term) pancreatic ducts. We found three eligible trials. We included a total of 111 participants in the review, with 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgery group. The length of the trials ranged from four weeks to 12 months. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. In this update, we found that surgery was more likely to provide pain relief and longer-term survival for the endoscopic group. However, the number of people with pain and length of time that the surgery was done and how long it took for the pain to get worse or worse was not clear. In addition, there were problems with the design of two of the three studies, which means that we were not able to tell whether surgery was better or worse in terms of pain, length of surgery or death. In one of the studies, participants who had surgery had less pain and longer time to live, and this may or may not have helped them to live longer. In the other study, there was no information about whether surgery helped or not. This may have been due to the fact that there were not enough people in the study to know whether surgery or no surgery was the better choice. This study did not have many people in it, and so we do not know if surgery resulted in more pain or less pain or fewer deaths. The other trial, which did not report on this aspect of the trial very well. This trial did not show that one type of surgery was clearly better than the other, and we judged this to have a high risk of bias. Therefore, we think that there is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that assessed whether or not bathing after surgery was of benefit or harm. We found only one randomised trial that addressed this question. This was a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be valid. This trial included 857 patients who had minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. These patients were randomised to early post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) or delayed post-operacycling (dressing to be kept for at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of normal bathing). The proportion of patients who developed SSIs (infection of the skin) was 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8% for the delayed bathing group. There was no difference between the groups in the proportion of people who had an SSI between the two groups (857 patients). There is currently no evidence to support or refute the benefits or harms of early and late post-opacycling after surgery. There is a need for more well-conducted randomised randomised trials to address this issue.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found one non-blinded randomised randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared corticosteroids with no treatment. This is a type of study in which people taking part in the trial have an equal chance of being in the treatment or the control group. This RCT included 35 people with mild to very mild Crohn's disease. The evidence from this RCT is of very low- to moderate-certainty due to the risk of bias and the small size of the trial. This trial did not measure our main measure of how well the corticostoids worked (improvement in neuropathy Impairment Scale and change in grip strength). However, people who took prednisone did not show improvement in these measures compared with people who did not take corticoprofen. Side effects, such as sleeplessness and moon facies (joint pain) were similar with each treatment, except for changes in the amount of sleep (such as sleepiness or sleepiness) were less common with the high dose of dexamethasone than with the low dose. We are very uncertain about the results from the RCT because the quality of evidence from the only RCT that exists is very low to low. The trial had a high risk of systematic error (ie, there is a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and a high chance of random errors (there was a play of chance). Therefore, we are very unsure of the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2100 participants. Four of the six RCTs included 792 people in our main outcomes, and the other four studies only looked at people with mild asthma. We could not say whether more or no people had an asthma flare-up that required oral corticosteroids (i.e. a course of inhaled corticostoids or inhaled steroid tablets) or who had a face-to-face check-up because the results were very imprecise. In the four trials that looked at whether more people had a side-effect, we found no evidence. In one of the four studies that did look at side-effects, 21 out of 1000 had an exacerbation that had to be treated with a medicine (compared with nine out of 139 people in the'real life' group) that did not need the medicine. The other four trials did not look at whether people had side effects that required the medicine or not. We also could not tell whether there had been any side effects. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low. This was mainly due to the risk of bias in four of the studies, which means that our results may not be valid. We did not have enough data to tell whether or not more or fewer of the people with asthma had an attack that needed a medicine or a medicine. This means that we do not know if the real effects of the medicine were the same as those seen in the studies we looked at.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of exercising for people with JIA. We found three RCTs that met our criteria, with a total of 212 participants. All three of the studies were of high quality. The results of the trials all showed that exercise does not seem to have any effect on the short-term (i.e. the long-term) effects of the disease. The studies did not look at whether or not the effects lasted for a long time after the end of the treatment. There was no evidence that exercise was harmful. The evidence from the trials was of'silver-low' or 'cochranemsk'. This means that we can not be very sure of the true effect of exercise.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). Antibiotics not in use in the ICU were shown to reduce the risk of treatment failure in the short term (up to one month), but not in the long term (more than six weeks). The risk of re-exacerbations (i.e. recurrences) in the longer term was the same for both groups. Antibiotic use was not shown to have an effect on death or morbidity. The quality of the trials was moderate to low for all of the outcomes, which means that our confidence in the strength of the results is low to moderate. The main weakness of the evidence was the lack of data for the outcome of mortality, which was reported in all but one trial. For this Cochrane Review, we conclude that there is a need for well-conducted randomised trials with low risk of bias that address the short- and long-term risks of antibiotic use in ICU.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1414 adults (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59) that looked at the effect of whole grain diets on death from all cause (myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (CTA), blood transfusion, blood lipids, blood pressure, lipid levels in the blood and risk of having a stroke. We did not find any RCTs that examined the effects of the diets on the risk of death from any cause or on the occurrence of major CVD risk factors such as blood pressure or blood lipid levels. We also found no evidence that the diets had an effect on the number of people who had a stroke or had to have a heart attack or had a heart surgery. We assessed the quality of the studies as low or very low, so we can say little about whether or not the studies were at risk of bias. The evidence from the studies we found was of very low or low quality. This means that we have very low- to low-to-low-risk of bias, which means that our confidence in the results is very low. There is a need for well-conducted, large-scale, well-reported studies that measure outcomes that are of interest to people with CVD. This plain language summary is up to date as of 7/18.
This review aimed to find out if there was any short-term benefit from using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. Thirty-eight randomised studies with a total of 1896 participants were assessed. Eight studies were judged to have a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and over half of the studies were at risk of selective reporting bias (there was a risk of arriving at wrong results because of the way the study was carried out). Three studies looked at the effects of the use of a removable type of immobilising device during the immobilisation period after orthopaedic surgery. Ten of these studies found that using a removable device to help the body to move after surgery reduced pain at the long-term and also the number of people with pain at long term follow-up. However, one study found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not help to reduce pain or other outcomes. There was no evidence from these studies to support the effectiveness of any other types of immobilisation. The use of an air stirrup or a walk cast was not shown to be useful in terms of reducing pain during immobilisation and did not result in improvements in other outcomes such as the need for pain-relief or quality of life.
We searched for randomised or quasi-randomised trials that assessed the efficacy of any intervention to improve the use of antiretroviral drugs in children and adolescents. We found four randomised controlled and non-involving trials. We were able to combine data from three of these studies, which showed that a lopavir-ritonavir (two trials) and a non-nucleoside (one trial) treatment have not been shown to have an effect on use of the drugs. A third non-conducted randomised study showed that children on a low dose of lopinavir had lower levels of the drug in their blood than those on a high dose. A fourth randomised trial showed that the caregiver medication diaries of parents with HIV/AIDS do not seem to improve use of drugs. However, the proportion of children achieving virological (i.e. a decrease in the level of the virus in the blood) reduction was greater in the children on the low dose group than in the group on the high dose group. This may have been due to the fact that some of the children in the low-dose group were aware that they were in the treatment group and this may have made them more willing to take the drug. The fourth non-blinded study found that peer group therapy for adolescents did not show improvements in use of treatments, but showed greater reduction in the viral load. This could have been because adolescents in the peer group received peer group support. We judged this to be of high risk of bias. We conclude that there is a need for well-designed randomised studies to assess the effectiveness of interventions to help children use the drugs in the long term.
This is a Cochrane review and the aim was to assess the effects of fenoprofen 200 mg for pain after surgery. We searched for studies up to July 2013. We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 676 participants. These were randomised, double blind, placebo-based RCTs that assessed the effect of giving a single oral dose of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug compared with a fake drug (placebo). We found that ffen was as good as other analgesic drugs in relieving pain over 4 to 6 hours, with a NNT of 2.3 (1.9 to 3.0). The NNT for at least 50% pain relief was achieved with a dose of 200 mg, but the results were imprecise so we could not tell whether this was the best dose or the worst dose. There was not enough data to compare other doses of the drug, to look at how well the drug worked, to see how well it worked with other painkillers, and to find out if it was safe to stop taking it. There were no major adverse events or withdrawals due to side effects in these studies. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of painkillers (morphine, codeine or zomepirac), so we do not know how well they worked.
This review aimed to find out whether PFMT is useful for prolapse and whether it is cost-effective to use it as an add-on to surgery. Six randomised trials were included in the review. Four of the trials were small (with less than 25 women per arm) and the largest trial (with 857 women) was of high risk of bias (with high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers). Four trials compared PFMT with no PFMT and compared it to surgery alone (with 118 women). Pooling data from the three trials where this was assessed showed that when PFMT was added to surgery, the chance of the prolapse getting worse was 17% to 17%. Two of the three randomised randomised controlled trials that looked at the effect of PFMT on symptoms of prolapse was similar: all three of these three trials showed greater improvement in symptoms in the PFMT group than in the group that did not have PFMT. Two trials which looked at pelvic floor ( pelvic floor is the area of the pelvic floor that serves as the pelvis) and urinary (bowels) function showed that PFMT did not increase the risk of having a prolapse. Two out of three trials which assessed urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) showed differences between groups in favour of the group having PFMT, although one of these was not known to be blinded (this means that the participants and researchers were not aware of whether or not PFMT had been used). One trial looked at how much of a difference there were in terms of changes in pelvic floor function and found no change in these changes between groups. Pelvic floor muscle strength or signs of pain between groups (one trial found no difference between groups; the other found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal (night-time) frequency (two trials). There is now some evidence from trials to date showing PFMT improves prolapse symptoms and severity. The largest trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has improvements in anatomical and symptom improvement, if symptomatic, in the medium and long term. There is a need for a large randomised trial to look at the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of adding PFMT to surgery for the treatment of symptomatic prolapse in order to improve the chances of getting a good amount of improvement in the short-term and long-term.
Fourteen randomised, double blind, non-blind, controlled trials with 1,724 analysed participants or ears were analysed. The results showed that, compared with no drug or antiseptics, quinolone and non-quinolone corticosteroids can clear aural discharge more quickly and effectively. However, the quality of the trials was generally poor, the length of follow-up short and the reporting of side-effects varied. The authors of four of the 14 studies concluded that, when used with the best treatment strategies, quinsycinolone is as good as other types of corticostimulants and has fewer side effects. Meanwhile, evidence regarding side effects was more mixed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2013. We found 21 RCTs with a total of 6253 participants that met our inclusion criteria, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report methods well and many had high risk of bias. In 20 of the 21 studies, FRS was found to be more accurate than all other types of schizophrenia, with a specificity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%). In the other studies, the result was 81% (74% to 87.1%). This means that around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS will be missed with FRS, and around 15 to 19 participants in a group of 100 with schizophrenia will be wrongly diagnosed as not having FRS. In the sixteen other studies that compared FRS with other types or placebo, the results showed that FRS were as good as or more than twice as good at diagnosing people with schizophrenia. The use of FRS for schizophrenia is based on old trials that were of poor or very low quality. Therefore, new research is very likely to change these results.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found 10 randomised controlled trials, of which 5 new studies added to the 10 studies included in the first version of this Cochrane Review. There were 2003 participants in the 9 studies and 44 in the 1 psychosocial study. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) provided the largest amount of data, with more than 2000 people in the intervention groups and more than 1000 in the usual care groups. It provided six standardised, age-based, self-help sessions. There was a reduction in the severity of the atopic dermatitis in both nurse- and dermatologist-led groups, as well as improvements in sleep and quality of life in the group of parents who received the group-based group. However, in three of five studies, which could not be combined because of variation in the designs of the studies, we found that the SCORAD scores for all interventions were significantly better in the groups receiving the self-based interventions than in the control groups. This means that we have not been able to conclude whether the effect is real or not, and that we do not know whether the real results are the same as the improvements seen in the studies in this update. The studies did not measure whether children were more or less ill, or whether they were less or no worse than very low or moderate. We did not find any studies that looked at whether any of the groups were worse or the same in terms of sleep, how long they were in the study or how long-term follow-up was. None of the trials looked at how much or how often they had to be followed up after the end of the study. There is a need for good quality research in this area. This review has included five new RCTs, which have added five new studies to the five that have been included in previous versions of this review. This is an update of a review that was first published in 2013. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
This Cochrane Review summarised evidence from 14 trials that used HBOT to treat LRTI. Fourteen randomised trials, with a total of 757 participants, were found. There was some evidence that HBOT was better than no HBOT in terms of the amount of bone that is left in the mouth and nose for the tooth to heal and the chance that the tooth did not break down (called the ORN). There was no evidence that people treated with HBOT were more or less likely to have an ORN, but there may have been some bias in the way the trials were done. The use of HBOT appears to reduce the chance of ORN and the need for ORN in an irradiated area of the mouth or nose. HBOT may also be useful in the area where the cancer has spread to the brain or spinal cord.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of blunt needle with sharp needle. We found 10 RCTs involving 2961 participants that addressed this question. Four of these were on abdominal closure, four on caesarean section, two on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. The use of a blunt needle compared to a sharp needle was found to reduce the risk of the perforation of the skin around the surgical wound, the amount of blood in the wound and the time it took for the wound to heal. However, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. This means that, although it is unlikely that future research will change this result, it is likely that blunt needle use will thus reduce the number of perforations that the needle will thus cause. The quality of the evidence was high.
This Cochrane Review is up to date as of September 2013. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of trifluopazine with other types of antipsychotic drugs. We found seven RCTs with a total of 422 participants. The size of the trials ranged from 20 to 157 participants with a study length of between four and 52 weeks. The trials did not show any difference in the effectiveness of the two types of drug. However, there was some evidence that low-potency (with less than 30 mg per day) antipsychotics were more effective than high-potent (with about 30 mg/day) or medium-potence (with at least 30 mg) drugs. There was also no evidence that either type of drug was more beneficial in terms of reducing the number of participants who left the trials early due to any reason (20% versus 16%). However, at least one person in each group had at least some adverse effect (trifluoperazine 60% versus 38% in one of the three groups) and there were more movements (joints) and rigor (rhabdomyolysis) episodes (up to 20% versus 10% in the high-tocaprofen 60% vs 10% group). Overall, the quality of the evidence was moderate to very low for all of the outcomes. This means that we have moderate or very low confidence in most of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2015. We found nine eligible RCTs, with 593 preterm infants in total. The trials were generally small and had flaws in their design that could have resulted in imprecision. The main findings of the review were that preterm babies fed in response to feeding and with satiation cues achieved full oral feeds on the first day after birth were less likely to have a weight gain (about 1.36 g/kg/day) than those who were fed on a scheduled interval (two to four weeks). They also had a longer time to transition from enteral tube to oral feed (about five days). The evidence from the trials was of low or very low quality. This means that we are uncertain as to how much of an impact this may have on the length of time the infants were in the tube was left in place (called the 'transitional phase' or 'transition phase'). The trials did not report any information about the effect on the number of days the infants spent in the neonator was in the ventilator, or on the amount of weight gain or time it took for the tube to come back. None of the included trials looked at the effect of the feeding on the duration of stay in hospital and no data were found on the effects of the feed on the time the tube had to be re-inserted. Overall, the data do not provide strong or consistent results for preterm infant or their families. A large RCT would need to be done before we could confirm these findings.
The objective of this review was to assess whether there is evidence that this is a problem or not, and through our search we identified and assessed evidence from randomised studies that suggests that there is not a problem with the blood flow to the leg but rather just a small amount of blood in the leg (ankle brachial index). We found one randomised trial with 133 adults who received folic acid and one trial with 18 adults who took 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF). Both of these trials showed that there was no difference in the number of participants who had an improvement in their foot test (a test used to assess how well the foot worked) in the two groups treated with either a multivitamin B supplement or a fake medicine (placebo). No major events were found in either group. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the impact of giving or not giving a fee for service on patient outcomes. We searched for RCTs up to 30 June 2015. We found only one RCT, which was based in the four most deprived parts of the country. This was a three-year trial with a total of 821 dentists and 4771 patients. The evidence from the RCT was of low/very low quality. This means that we have very low or very low confidence in the results and that it is very unlikely that future studies will change these findings. The other trial was of very low- or low-quality due to the risk of bias and the fact that it was carried out in a way that did not allow for pooling of data from both the patient and the clinician. This meant that we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of the two types of fee-for-help. This is why we judged the quality of the evidence to be very low/low for all of the results. The study in the third-year study did not report on how often or for how long the service was provided or on how much or how often the costs of the service were assessed and how long it took for the service to be done. The authors reported that there was an increase in the number of children who had one or more fissure sealants in their molar teeth and the mean amount of decayed teeth in the first year after receiving the service. This may have been the result of a change in the way in which the services were done. There was not enough information in this study to tell whether or not there had been any differences between the two groups in terms of how well the care was done, how often children were seen, how many teeth were filled and how often they had extractions or how much they had to have fillings and extractions, and how much money or money were spent. The results from this trial did not show that one type of fee for-help is as good as the other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2015. We found 21 RCTs, with over 17,000 women and their babies, that looked at the effects of zinc supplements on preterm birth, low birthweight and stillbirth or neonatal death. The evidence from the 21 trials showed that giving women extra zinc in the first few weeks after giving birth (16 trials, 7637 women) did not lead to a decrease in preterm births or a reduction in the number of low birthweights or stillbirths. This may have been due to the fact that many of the trials were carried out in low- and very low-income groups. There was no difference between groups for any of the other outcomes that we looked at, except for the need for induction of labour in a single trial. No evidence showed that zinc supplements led to any difference in the risk of stillbirth (low birthweight) or in the numbers of babies that died or were stillborn. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the other main maternal or neonate outcomes, and was low for the evidence for the reduction in low birth weight and lowbirthweight. This means that we have moderate- to low-to-very low-certainty data for these and other outcomes. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted studies to look at ways of improving the health outcomes for mothers and their newborns, rather than focusing on micronutrients and or zinc supplementation in isolation.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of probiotics added to antifungal drugs. We found 10 RCTs (1656 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. None of the trials were funded by the drug industry. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and decreased the relapse rate at one month, but did not seem to have a greater effect on the frequency of long-term relapse or the need for further treatment. Low and very low quality evidence shows that probiotics as an adjuvant therapy could lead to a greater rate of clinical and mycological cure in the short term (up to 10 weeks) and a decreased rate of relapse or improvement in the long term (three months after the end of treatment). This did not translate to a reduction in the number of people who had to stop the drug for at least one month to achieve a cure or relapse. There was no difference between groups in terms of quality of life, relapse rate or need for additional treatment. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. This was due to the small number of studies and participants, as well as the fact that many of the results were imprecise.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (involving 696 women) up to March 2017. We found six randomised trials (six trials) and one trial (the seventh trial) that looked at the use of progestogens to reduce the risk of miscarriage. The trials were conducted in the USA, the UK, Turkey and the UK. Two trials were from Germany and Italy which were high-income countries; four were from lower-income (i.e. lower-middle income) countries; two were from Iran, one from the USA and one from Jordan. The evidence from the six trials was of very low to very low quality. The quality of the data from the four trials that were assessed for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool was moderate to moderate. The main findings of the review suggest that use of a progestogen compared to no treatment or a fake medicine (placebo or fake medicine) is likely to be no more or no less likely to have a preterm birth (before 37 weeks of age) and may have little or no effect on the miscarriage rate (low- or very low- or moderate- or both-or-low-quality evidence). However, we were not able to tell whether treatment was better or worse in terms of quality of life or costs because the data were very low or moderate. This means that we do not know if any of the studies were at risk of bias. The included trials did not report on all of the outcomes that we thought were of importance in this update. This makes it hard to tell how well the trials were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared laser photocoagulation with no laser treatment. We found three RCTs, one in the USA and one in Japan. A total of 4786 eyes (9503 eyes) were randomised to laser treatment or no laser. The majority of participants in four of these trials had a high risk of retinopathy due to their age and age. They were followed up for up to five years. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The main findings of the review are that laser photocagulation had a beneficial effect on the rate of progression of retinal scarring (i.e. the size of the scar at the top of the cornea) in the short term (up to 12 months) and on the length of time it took for the lens of the eye to heal (up). However, there was no difference in the rates of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity between eyes that received laser treatment and eyes that did not. There was no information about long-term follow-up. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. This was mainly due to the small number of studies and participants and the fact that many of the studies were at risk of bias.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with 269 participants. Both trials were conducted in the USA and Italy. The trials were at high risk of bias (that is, there is a chance that the results are close to the truth). We found that bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (the tube inserted in the airway) and the length of time spent in the ICU (by about 1.84 days). There was no difference in anastomotic leakage (fluorouracil leaked in the blood, and sepsis (infection). One of the trials, with 60 adults, found that people who received bilell NPPVs had slightly lower blood gas levels one hour after the operation (by 9.8 mm Hg) and may have been able to breathe more air out through the nose (by 22.5 mill Hg). The other trial, with 45 men, found no evidence to support or refute this finding. There was not enough evidence to be certain that CPAP had an effect on the need for a tube to be placed back into the mouth or on the amount of gas pumped through it (gastric insufflation). The trials did not report data on the other outcomes that we intended to assess (for example, mortality, pneumothorax (loss of airway airway oxygen), infections (sepsis), and side effects (for the most part, infections). The overall, we found no difference between the groups for any of the outcomes we were looking at. We rated the quality of the evidence from both as low or very low. This means that we have very low confidence in the results and that we are very uncertain about the size of the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2014. We found four trials involving 388 women that assessed the effect of spinal analgesia on pain during childbirth. Three of the four trials were judged to be of unclear to high risk of bias, and thus results could not be combined in a meta-analysis. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; other anaesthesic agents) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal pain analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was used). With regard to the main outcomes of pain relief and side-effects, the review found that, compared with other anaesthetists, women who received diazam for forceps delivery were more likely to report their pain relief as effective. In a further small study, no difference was seen in the amount of pain reduction when diazepm was compared with ketamine. In the third trial, no significant difference was found in the use of other analgesics, such as paracetamol (acetaminophen) for pain relief. The fourth study found no evidence to suggest that any of the other analgesic agents used in these trials were effective in relieving pain.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 15 RCTs with a total of 1048 adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma. Most of the trials were conducted in India, and Europe and the USA. The trials lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. There was some evidence that yoga may help people with asthma to have a more good quality of life, and yoga may lead to a small improvement in some aspects of their symptoms. Yoga may also help people to feel well enough to take their medicines (e.g. breathing) and reduce the amount of medicine they need to take each day. We did not find enough evidence to know whether or not yoga had an effect on the change in change in asthma symptoms or on change in the severity of their asthma symptoms. We also did not have enough data to know how much or how often yoga should be followed up. There were no reports of any harmful effects of yoga. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to high. This means that we are reasonably sure that the true results are close to what we found, and that we have low to very low confidence in the size of the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 10 randomised trials (involving 249 adults and children) that assessed different types of immunosuppressant drugs. We assessed six of these as being of very low or moderate quality, and the other three as of low or very low quality. Many of the studies did not report enough data for us to be able to assess the reliability of their results. We were able to combine data from two trials of interferon beta-1a, which did not show any difference in the percentage change in muscle strength at six months, nor in the length of time it took for the disease to progress. A trial of methotrexate (44 adults and 44 children) did not find any evidence that the drug helped people with rheumatoid arthritis to live longer or to stop the disease from getting worse or getting worse. Two trials of the anti-T lymphocyte immunoglobulin drug, azathioprine (AZA), were very low to very low-quality evidence in favour of the use of AZA. Three of the trials (78 adults and 78 children) used a combination of oxandrolone and prednisone to treat the disease, but we were not able to perform a meta-analysis because of variation in the methods used in the design of the trial. We rated the quality of the evidence from these trials using four levels: very low, low, moderate or high. Very low- or high-certainty evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High-quality, high- or moderate-quality studies mean that we have very high confidence in the findings. The quality of evidence in this review is very low. This is due to a lack of data.
This is an update of a review first published in 2013. We searched for new trials in 2015. We found nine RCTs (with 3144 participants) that compared linezolid with vancomycin, which is a drug used to treat Staphylococcus aureus. We reran the search in February 2017. We will deal with the trials of interest when we next update the review. For the first version of this Cochrane Review, we found that linezolic was more likely to be cured in the short term (i.e. six weeks or more) and had a lower death rate (18% or less) in the long term (12 weeks or less). There was no difference in all-cause mortality (death from any cause) between those treated with linezol and those who were not. However, there were fewer episodes of thrombocytopenia (infection), pruritus (swelling), and rash in the linezolin group. The length of time spent in the ICU was shorter for those who received linezole than for those in the vancycin group, and the cost of outpatient care was less.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found eight RCTs with 512 participants that met our inclusion criteria. Our analysis of these trials revealed that there was no significant difference in postoperative death, postoperative morbidity, or postoperative gastric emptying. Furthermore, we found that there were some perioperative outcomes that favoured the PPW group. For example, we noted that the length of time it took for patients to die, the amount of blood loss, and the need for red blood cell transfusion (a type of blood test that records red blood cells) all decreased with PPW. However, all of these findings were based on low- or very low-quality evidence. This means that we are uncertain as to whether the true effect of PPW may be different from what we found. In addition, we were not able to tell whether any of the outcomes that we looked at were the same as these findings. This is why we judged the quality of the evidence to be low to very low.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of the drug on the risk of death. Six RCTs with a total of 1862 participants were analysed. Five of the six trials were of high risk of bias. The pooled odds ratio for the five trials that assessed death was 0.91 (95% CI 0.70 to 1.16). For the other five trials, the pooled OR for the outcome of death or severe disability was 0 0.97. In five of the trials that did not report death, there was an increase in the chance that the drug would help. In the other three trials, there were more side effects. The effect of nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage shows a beneficial effect, though the increase in side effects suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drugs can be harmful for some patients.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found four RCTs involving 3090 adults who received defibrillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as their first course of care. Three of the studies were well-conducted, with low risk of bias. The fourth RCT was of low or very low quality due to the lack of data. We have not been able to show whether giving defibrillators has an impact on rates of death or brain injury due to OHCA. This is due to low- and very low-quality evidence. We were not able to tell whether or not the addition of CPR had an effect on the rate of death from any cause, brain injury or brain surgery. We suggest that this area needs further rigorous research through high- and high-quality research.
This is a new Cochrane Review and the evidence is up to date as of March 2013. We found no new randomised studies for this update. Ten randomised controlled trials with a combined total of 8 randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled trials have been published up to 2013. Only three of these trials reported live birth rates. The number of oocytes retrieved and the dose of gonadotrophin used were less in the GnRH long and GnRH antagonist groups. GnRH agonists were found to be effective in the short-term, but not in the long-term. There was no evidence to support the routine use of any intervention for pituitary down regulation, ovulation and oocyte loss or ectopic pregnancy in this group. However, due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether there were any risks of bias.
This Cochrane Review is up-to-date as of 7 April 2013. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of community-based psychosocial support for adults with schizophrenia. We found 53 RCTs, with a total of 53 randomised studies. This 2009-10 update added 21 new trials to a list of 53 that had been added to the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's list of ‘Studies in progress' and ‘Trials in progress’. This is an update of a review first published in 2004. This update includes 21 new studies, making a number of 53 studies in this update. The evidence from these new studies suggests that people with schizophrenia may be less likely to come back to treatment, and may be more likely to leave the care they received. They may also be more satisfied with treatment and feel that it was good to do so. There was not enough data to say whether or not they were at risk of being harmed. We did not find data to suggest that the family may prevent or promote suicide. We think that the fact that there were problems with the conduct of some of the trials, and that there was a high risk of bias in the way they were done, makes it hard to tell whether the results are true or not.
We searched for randomised trials that compared DEBs with uncoated balloon angioplasty in 263 adults with symptomatic in-stent restenosis. We found three randomised controlled trials that were conducted in Germany and Austria. All three trials examined the use of paclitaxel as the agent used in the drug-eluting balloon. The trials looked at both anatomical (gynaecological) and clinical endpoints (endpoints that relate to how well the balloon worked) as well as endpoints that assessed how well it worked. We did not find any evidence that DEBs were any more or less safe than uncoation. We also found no difference in the risk of amputation or death between DEBs and uncoator. DEBs showed better outcomes for up to 24 months for target lesion revrectation and at six and 12 months for the two main endpoints of binary restenosit and death. People treated with DEBs had one or more side effects that were short-lived (for up to 12 months) and that were resolved with time (for six or 12 months). We found no clear evidence that any of the three types of DEBs was more safe than any other type of balloon. Due to the very low- to moderate-certainty of the evidence, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the long-term risks of any one type of DEB over a long period of time.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found and analysed data from 7 randomised or quasi-randomised trials with a total of 922 participants. The trials ranged from 32 to 242 people. The mean age of participants ranged from 55 years to 73 years. The duration of the studies ranged from 12 weeks to 12 months. The findings of this review show that, when corticosteroids are used, the risk of having a further episode of blood clots in the major artery (known as a myocardial infarction or angioplasty) is less than half as high. This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work. We also found that, on the other hand, corticostoids did not seem to have a clear effect on mortality or the need for blood tests to normalise (the amount of blood that is normalised in the blood). We found evidence that, compared with not taking corticoprofen or prednisolone, giving corticotherapies reduced the number of episodes of fever, the duration of fever and the length of time it took for tests to heal (called the 'fluorouracil' phase) and the time for the C-reactor and Erythrocyte sedimentation rate (the part of the blood in which the blood is pumped around the body that carries the blood, known as the 'cyanocorticoid' phase), as well as the time spent in the ICU (the'reactive' phase (which is the phase, which is the period in which contains the 'good' phase and the 'bad' phase. On the basis of this evidence, we are not able to conclude whether or not corticoscopy is beneficial or not in terms of the occurrence of new episodes of major clots or death. This is due to the low to very low quality of the trials and the fact that not all of the evidence was of high quality.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found eight randomised controlled trials, with a total of 846 randomised participants. Four of the eight studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. The other four trials were at low risk. All eight of the trials compared a PIP with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychosocial counselling, or a form of cognitive behavioural therapy). We found that PIP was no more or less effective than other types of other treatment for reducing the risk of postpartum depression. The PIP did not seem to be as good as other forms of psychosuppressive treatment such as psychoeducation or counselling, but we found some evidence of an increased risk of an improvement in some aspects of the PIP. We did not find enough good-quality, well-conducted studies to be sure of the usefulness of PIP for the prevention of parental depression.
We found one new study in this update, so there are now 11 studies with a total of 753 women. We found no difference in Apgar scores at one minute (six trials, 519 women) and at five minutes (six studies, 241 women) in the low- and very low-risk groups. The very low quality of evidence showed that, when compared to room air, women in labour were not more than twice as likely to have a low Apgar and had higher levels of oxygen in their blood (three trials, 209 women), high blood oxygen levels (eight trials, 504 participants) and low levels of unfavourable (foetal) blood flow (10 trials, 683 women). There was no difference between the two groups in UaPO2 (fluetal umbilical venous blood) and the high-risk group (high-risk) had fewer episodes of low blood pressure (eight studies, 504 women). We did not find any difference in the length of time it took for the foetus to be born or in the number of days after birth. We also found no differences between the groups in terms of length of postpartum haemorrhage, perinatal or neonatal days on the ventilator or caesarean section, or in newborn deaths. The evidence was of very low to low quality. This was due to the lack of data and the fact that most of the evidence was based on trials with a high risk of bias.
We searched for studies up to July 2011. We found twelve randomised trials with a total of 2196 participants; four of these studies were new for this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six of these groups in four of the trials had data on the percentage of pills taken. We also found data from four trials that looked at the change in diastolic blood pressure, blood glucose levels and change in glycated haemoglobin levels, although there were differences in the methods used in these studies. This means that we do not know exactly how much of an improvement we are able to make. We did not find any data that could tell us whether or not a change in these measures was due to chance or because of the fact that people knew what group they were in (e.g. a placebo group or a 'placebo' group (placebo group). We found that reminder packs may be a simple method for helping people take their medicine. In one study the presence of a reminder aid was found to be preferred by patients with low knowledge of medicine and low self-reported use of pills.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of any of these drugs on death or morbidity in elective liver resections. We found 15 randomised studies that met our inclusion criteria. All of the trials were of high risk of bias (that is, there is a chance of making the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted) and were small. There was no significant difference between the groups in mortality, liver failure, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046. The length of time it took for a liver resection to take place was 3.00 days, which was three days less than for other types of liver surgery. Methylprednisolone was the only drug for which there was any data. It did not seem to make a difference in any of the other outcomes that we were most interested in. The evidence from the studies that we found suggests that, although there may be some short-term improvements in some aspects of the liver function and signs of liver injury, there was not enough data to say whether this was due to the use of different types of drugs. Trimetazidine was the most promising drug for improving the enzyme markers that are involved in the blood. However, there were problems with the design of all of the studies, and most of the data were of low or very low quality. There is a need for more well-conducted, well-designed, large-scale randomised randomised controlled trials to assess the long-term benefits and harms of these treatments. This plain language summary is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the risk of GFR or GDM in adults with primary CCS. We found 52 RCTs, with a total of 13,327 participants. Of these, 61 studies were relevant to our question. We were able to combine data from 24 of these, which showed that GFR was lower in adults receiving high-dose (high-dose ifosfamide) than in those who did not. The risk of side effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to heterogeneity in the types of patients, treatments and risk factors used, as well as the short-term and long-term follow-up duration of the studies. Of 52 studies, 36 had a decreased GFR, including 432 CCS, and at least 4499 had GFR assessed in the first half of the year. Of the 52 studies included in this update, 24 had a higher GFR and were followed up for up to two years. One study found an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS with a high dose of cisplatin. Four other studies found nephrectomy and followed-up time of up to 10 years. The evidence is current to July 2013. The majority of the evidence was of low or very low quality. This means that we have moderate to very low confidence in the size of the effect, that is, the true effect may be quite large or very large, or very small, or both. This is due to the variation in the type of participants, the length of treatment and the way the studies were done. Also, there were problems with the way some of the trials were done, which makes it hard to tell whether they were of high or very good quality.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, multicentre randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of Niprisan or Ciklavit in people with sickle cell disease. We found two RCTs with a total of 182 people. The first, which was at a high risk of bias, found low- to very low-certainty data showing that, compared with other types of painkillers or sham drugs (with or without a medicine called sumanirole, the phytomedicines were not effective in reducing pain. The other trial, which did not report on this aspect, reported low-quality data for the safety of the drug. This means that we are unable to say whether or not this drug is beneficial or not. The results from the other trials, which were at low- or moderate-quality, did not show that any of these drugs had any effect on the amount of anaemia over a six-month or 12-month follow-up period. The single trial of Cajanus cajan did not find evidence that the drug helped to reduce pain in the short-term (i.e. the length of time it was in the blood). Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of this drug on long-term effects. The authors of the other studies included in this Cochrane Review conclude that, based on the findings from the studies, we are uncertain whether the drug is useful in the management of pain in sickle cells. This is due to the low-to-very low-risk of bias and the fact that there were problems with the way the trials were done. This makes it hard to tell whether the true effects of the drugs are different from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2017. We found three relevant RCTs, but of these, only one RCT reported on the risk of bias. The other trials did not report on this aspect. We were able to combine results from two of the three studies, which showed that PET-based on PET scans (chemotherapy plus a PET scan) has not been shown to be as good as PET-only. This means that we do not know if this is the best way to treat early-stage HL. The third trial, which included 1480 participants, did not provide any data on long-term outcomes such as OS, response rate, quality of life, or QoL, so we were not able to comment on these aspects. The evidence from this review is of very-low to very low quality. The main reasons for this were that there were problems with the design of the study, and that it was not clear whether participants and their care-providers were aware of the group to which treatment group they were assigned (known as 'blinded' (i.e. not knowing whether they were in the treatment or not). This may have resulted in imprecision and bias, and in some cases, we judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to moderate.
We found 31 randomised or quasi-randomized trials that looked at the effects of giving birth control pills with or without a progestin. We found no new randomised trials in 2014. We looked at 22 of these: - Thrombopoietin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implantation of an implant. - Intravenous (inserted into the vagina) pills, injections, and prostaglandin E1. We also looked at other types of birth control. We did not find any new studies in 2014, so we have not been able to combine data from many of the trials. The main findings of the 31 trials were that: - Fewer women in the desogestrel group had a high blood glucose response (low blood glucose) and a low blood sugar after two hours of use than those in the levonorgestrel or norethisterone group, and that the ring group had lower blood sugars and a lower mean blood glucose in the two hours after using the ring. Side effects were rare, and most studies did not look at the long-term effects of the drugs. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2014. We found 10 RCTs that met our inclusion criteria, of which seven had a low risk of bias. One of the trials, which did not use a placebo (pretend medicine) as a control group, reported on all of the outcomes that we were looking for. The other trials reported on pain, physical function and quality of life, so we were not able to pool the data from these two groups. Overall, we found that exercise reduced pain by about eight points on a 0- to 100-point scale in nine trials (549 participants) and resulted in improvements in pain and physical function by about 7 points. The reduction in pain was not sustained at least three to six months after the end of the treatment. However, the results may be vulnerable to bias as none of the studies were able to blind participants to the group to which group they were assigned and, while most of the other trials were blinded (meaning they did not know whether or not they were receiving exercise or not). The quality of the included trials was high to very high. This means that our findings are likely to be close to the truth and that the true results may range from very low to high. The evidence from nine of the 10 studies was of high- or low- or moderate- or very low-or-low- or high-quality, or both. The main reasons for this were that there were problems with the way in which the trials were done, or did not report enough data and that we could not tell whether exercise was beneficial or not, or not. Also, there was a lack of data for us to be able to assess whether exercise had an impact on harms.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of exercising for people with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. We found nine RCTs that met our criteria, with a total of 260 participants. Six of these studies looked at whether or not exercise was beneficial. Three trials looked at different types of exercise, so we could not pool their findings. The evidence from these studies suggests that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS who are not having an 'exacerbation' (reoccurrence) of their MS. There was strong evidence in favour of exercise therapy in terms of muscle strength, function (e.g. flexibility and strength) and mood. No evidence was found for improvement in tiredness and perception of handicap (i.e. handicap may be due to prejudice by the participants or researchers). There was no evidence that any specific type of exercise was better than any other type of treatment. No studies found that any type of intervention was more effective than other types of treatment such as physiotherapists, physiopoietin or physiotherapist-delivered physiotherapy. There is a need for more research in this area, so that conclusions can be drawn with confidence.
We searched for randomised trials that compared early laparoscopic cholecystopoietin to delayed laparoscopy in adults with gallbladder cancer. We found only one randomised controlled trial that met our inclusion criteria. This was a large, high risk of bias (high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and of imprecision (that is, there was a chance of being in the wrong group because of bias or because of play of chance). This trial included 75 participants (mean age: 43 years; females: 65% of them were men). The evidence is up to date as of 4.2 months after the operation. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) compared with 1/40 (2.5%) in the long-term (four years). There was no bile duct injury in either group (P > 0.9999). Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether there were any deaths during or after the surgery or after surgery. The other findings of the trial were imprecise and need to be viewed with some caution.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of long-term (more than six months) antibiotics on the risk of having an SSI after orthognathic surgery. We found 11 trials. Seven of these trials gave us the main outcome we were most interested in, which was whether or not people had had a low risk of a SSI (76% to 0.26%). We found that, compared with a short-term dose of prophylactic antibiotics, a long course (six to 12 weeks) of long antibiotics reduces the chance of a person having a side effects that may be caused by taking a short course of antibiotics. We are not sure whether this is true or not, and we do not know whether one type of antibiotic is better than any other. No reports described any harmful effects of any of the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported on other outcomes that are important for patients, such as how long the surgery took to do, how long people had to be in the ICU or how many days or days the antibiotics had to last before the operation. We judged this to be moderate- or low- or very low-quality evidence. This means that we have moderate to very low confidence in the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found only one study, with 40 women and 42 babies, that addressed this question. This study did not show any clear benefits or harms of elective (elective) preterm birth for preterm births with gastroschisis. There was a reduction in the gestational age at birth (35.8 weeks) in the elective group and 36.7 weeks (36.7%) in the spontaneous group. There were no data on the need for a caesarean birth, need for blood transfusion, necrotising enterocolitis (infection of the gut caused by the gastric acid) or need for repeat surgery. We did not find any data on any of the other outcomes that are listed in this Cochrane Review. The evidence in this review is of very low or low quality due to the small size of the study and the fact that there was only one randomised study. Therefore, we are not able to say whether the decision to elective the birth of a preterm baby at 36 weeks' gestation is beneficial or harmful for the health outcomes for the baby and the mother.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found three studies in adults with cancer that looked at the use of paracetamol as an add-on to opioids for the first two steps of the three-step treatment plan for cancer pain. All three of these studies were short-term (no more than one week) and were at high risk of bias, which means that their findings may not be valid. We did not find any studies in children. The evidence from these three studies was of very low quality, so we can draw no firm conclusions about the usefulness of adding a dose of 60 mg, 70 mg, or 225 mg of morphine to other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for the pain of cancer cancer. None of the studies looked at whether the pain was worse than or no worse than mild at the end of treatment. There was no difference in the amount of pain that was reduced from 50% to 30% from the start of treatment, or in how much pain was left in the first few days after taking the medicine. However, there was some imprecision of the results that made it hard to tell whether this was due to chance or some other factor that could have made it worse or no difference. There were also no data on how well the drugs worked, or how well they worked when added to other types of painkillers. The studies did not look at how many people dropped out of the trials because of side-effects, how often they stopped the drug, and how often people stopped taking the drug because they felt it was not good to take it at all. We do not know from the exact details of how the studies were done, and we judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. This means that we have very low to low confidence in the results. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of antimuscarinics, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin or suo quo wan in children with cold. We found 15 RCTs, 14 of which were done in hospitals and 14 in hospitals. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The studies were of poor or very low quality. All the evidence from the trials was of very low or low or moderate quality. This means that we cannot be very confident in the results. The most commonly, the studies did not report on the size of the patch on the bed. This makes it hard to tell whether the results were due to chance or to how well the treatments worked. Most of the trials did not describe how they were done and so we do not know if they were carried out properly. The Chinese medicine suoju wan was shown to be more effective than placebo in terms of 'no important change' and the other drugs that can cause side effects, astemizole (97 trials) and diphenhedramine (97 studies). However, both these drugs have side effects so we can say with confidence that they are not as good as they should be. There was no evidence that any of the other antieminics (asthma bromide, epinephrine, ganciclovir or darbepoetin) were better than any other drug. However, there was some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data that showed that the two antimimine drugs (as well as the other three antimizole drugs have not been shown to work as well as other types of drugs that do not cause side effect. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted, large-scale, high-quality studies in this area.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found six RCTs, which included 195 adults with MS. We included people of all ages with MS who had been ill for a long time and were able to breathe out air out through a tube or a nasal prongs (known as a spasm). The evidence from these trials was of very low or low quality. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of inspiratory muscle training on lung function or quality of life, so we do not know the extent to which it has an effect on these outcomes. We also found no evidence that it had an impact on the amount of air that people with MS can breathe out out, how much air they breathe out, or on the length of time it takes for a breath to pass through the tube or airway to reach the top of the lung. However, we found some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data for all but one of the outcomes that we looked at. This means that we cannot be absolutely sure of the results. For example, we could not tell whether the strength of the muscles was increased or not, or whether there were any major problems with the way the muscles worked or worked, or how long it took for people to get on with the help of the spasm to open and close. This is a problem that can happen even though we think that it does not need to do so.
We searched for randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no treatment in ITP with or without corticosteroids. We found one RCT in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised, with only 26 of these (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This RCT did not show that there was an effect on the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia or neonatal bleeding. This Cochrane review does not suggest that there is evidence for the effectiveness of other treatments for ITP in pregnancy. There is a need for well-designed, well-conducted RCTs to address this question.
We searched for randomised trials that had enrolled adults (aged 18 years and above) who had undergone surgery to remove a piece of the cornea (known as a graft or graftula) and received either deep venous laryngoscopy (DALK) or a penetrating (keyhole) keratoplasty. We found two studies, with a total of 111 adults (n = 30 and n = 81), both of which had been conducted in Iran. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The larger study had 12 months of follow-up. For the larger study, four DALK surgery had to be stopped due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not assessed in these participants. The length of the trial was six months. The results from the smaller study, which had 30 and 81 participants, showed that in the DALK group, grafts were removed as soon as the surgery was done and all 77 participants were followed up for at least three months after the surgery. No post-suture grafts occurred in this group. The quality of this study was very low, as it had a very wide range of error (i.e. there was a very high risk of bias) and a very large number of cases that did not go ahead as planned, that is, failed or had not been planned at all. Therefore, even though the data from the larger trial showed that there is a low risk of post-graft graft failure with DALK, we were not able to tell whether this was due to the fact that the surgery had failed or not, or whether it had been done for the right amount of time. This means that we do not know exactly how much of a chance there is of the graft failing with either type of surgery. There was no change in the rate of graft failure in the two groups, in both of the studies. The findings from this study did not show that one type of graft failed as often as the other, and thus, we could not tell whether one treatment was better than the other. The studies did not report any of the other types of grafts that have been used in the treatment of this type of cornea, such as corneal stoma, cornea graft, or how long the graft was left in place after the operation. There is a need for well-conducted research in this area. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2014.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2015. We found 67 RCTs, with a total of 8506 women. We analysed data from 6861 of these, with the largest study (6861 women) having the largest amount of data. The mean age of the women ranged from 36 years to 73 years. Most of the trials were carried out between 1980s and 1990s in high-income and low-income countries. Women who took iron supplements were less likely to be anaemic at the end of treatment than those receiving a placebo (10 out of 100) or no intervention (3273 women). Women receiving iron had higher levels of haemoglobin (a type of red blood cell) in their blood (6 in 100) and lower levels of iron in their urine (1 in 10) than those taking a placebo or no treatment (7 in 100). We did not find evidence of a reduction in the risk of iron-deficiency anaemia or death in those taking iron supplements compared to those not taking iron. We also found that taking iron was not linked to increased risk of side effects such as loose stools or diarrhoea (a flatulence), but there was some evidence that this might have been due to bias in the way the studies were done. We judged the quality of evidence to be high for the outcomes of 'any side effect' and 'any adverse events' and to be moderate for the outcome of 'adverse events' such as diarrhoea and 'gastrofasciitis'. The quality of the evidence for the other outcomes was either low or very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results.
We searched for randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled trials (where people taking part in the trial have an equal chance of being in the treatment or the comparator group) that compared the effects of adding irinotecan or fluoropyrimidine to standard treatment alone. We found five randomised studies that met our criteria, with a total of 1,726 patients. The evidence is up to date as of September 2013. No reduction in all-cause death was found in the combined arm of the study, but this may have been due to the lack of information on how the study was done. Longer progression-free survival was seen in those treated with the combined treatment, but again, this result is based on findings from a single first-line study. The quality of the evidence was assessed to be of low to very low quality. The main limitations of the findings were lack of reporting of side effects, and a lack of data on how well the two treatments worked. Due to these and other flaws in the way the studies were done, we were not able to fully assess the risk of bias.
This review aimed to find out whether a transverse or oblique incision is the best incision to make and whether it is safe to use. This review of trials found that a transrect incision made through the skin was less likely to rupture (wound dehiscence or incisional hernia) and less prone to pulmonary injury (pain) but there was some imprecision in the results. This may have been due to differences in the way the trials were carried out. However, this did not seem to affect the amount of pain or the length of time it took for the wound to heal. There was also less pain when the incision was transverse and this may have made it more convenient for the surgeon to perform this type of incision at the time of the operation.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found nine RCTs (981 people with subacute low-back pain) that compared short-term follow-up (up to 12 months) to long-term (12 months). Five of the studies were from Europe and four were from the USA. The mean age of participants ranged from 32.0 to 43.7 years. Four of the nine studies were judged to have high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (i.e. not being able to tell whether they were in the real group or not), and four studies had at least one additional source of bias that could have led to bias. In this review, we found that, compared to usual care, short- and short-course multidisciplinary care had little or no effect on pain and disability in the short and long term. The effect sizes for pain and function were low to very low. However, when we looked for harms (adverse events) in both groups in both comparisons, none of the included studies looked for this. When we compared brief interventions to other types of care, such as brief advice on how to self-manage (e.g. self-help), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, function, and return-to-work. We did not find any difference between groups for return to work or sick leave days, but we did find that there were fewer sick days in people who had a light mobilization program (where the participants took part in a test of their ability to move around and manipulate their work, and in those who did not take part in tests of their work. There was no information about how often or for how hard they had to leave work, how long they needed to work, or how long people had to work before they were able to get back to work (called work). We found no data about whether any of the groups were more or less well-tolerable (how good they were at doing their job) than the other groups. None of the trials looked at whether any one treatment was better than any other, or whether any participants had any more or fewer side effects than those in the groups receiving usual care. On the other hand, there were no studies that looked at how long participants had to rest in bed after the end of treatment (called 'post-treatment' (which is called 'postoperative' or 'long-term' (longer than 12 months), or how hard or hard patients had to take painkillers (which are drugs that help with pain to get rid of blood clots, which are needed to keep the blood from clotting) or how many days or weeks of rest in place (known as'restrictive' (where a'restage of blood flow, which is the'restaging' of blood vessels or a 'transfusion of blood). We also found no evidence that any one type of treatment was any more good than the others. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. The main reasons for the low to low quality of evidence were imprecision (difference in results) and inconsistency (difficulty in results).
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 18 randomised controlled trials with 4843 men with prostate cancer. Bisphosphonate was given by vein or intramuscularly (through a vein or nasogastric or urethra. The mean age of the men ranged from 45 years to 70 years and there were more men than boys and men than men and boys included in the majority of the trials. The evidence from the 18 trials showed that there was no clear difference in the proportion of men with pain response (low- to very low-to-low quality evidence) or pain-related events (low to moderate-quality evidence) between those who received bisphosphoneate and those who did not, and this did not seem to change the risk of dying or of having a bone or soft spot in the tumour that makes it hard to get rid of cancer, and those with cancer spread to the bones that gives rise to bones (very low to low- or low-quality, moderate- or high-certainty, or both) or a tumour metastatic to bone (low or very low quality, or a bone cancer called prostate cancer metastasis (a cancer that has spread to a site in the prostate that has not been surgical or is not getting worse) or in the bones of the prostate (metatarsal metastation (a tumour growing outside the prostate, but not inside the prostate) or both of these points. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all of the outcomes, which means that we have moderate or low confidence in the size of the effect, and that the true effect may be quite large or very large, or even very large. The results of the 18 included trials varied greatly across the trials and we were not able to pool results for most of the measures that we used in this review (e.g. how many men had pain, how much pain they had, how long they had to rest in bed, how many people had to be cared for in the ICU or who received painkillers or painkillers, and how much side-effects they had; for some outcomes, such as how long the cancer took to get worse or how long it took for the cancer to progress or how much the cancer got worse; how many side-effect-free men to live; and how many deaths or bone cancer-like events there were during the course of the trial.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of HDT + ASCT in people with relapsed or relapsed leukaemia or lymphoma. We found five RCTs involving 1093 patients. Four trials were in patients who had not received any prior stem cell transplantation and one RCT was in relapsed patients. All trials were randomised and judged to be of high risk of bias. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not assessed in further detail. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two of these was PFS. Overall, the quality of the five trials was moderate. For PFS, we found a reduction in the length of time it took for the cancer to get worse but this did not result in a decrease in time until the cancer got worse or in the number of deaths. For the subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both HDT and ASCT, the trial had to stop early due to an increase in PFS (PFS: 0.36; 95% CI 0.23 to 0.55; OS: 18.5% vs 0.40 to 1.92). For TRM, there was no difference in terms of the time to death or the need for further surgery between the two groups (1.28 versus 0.25 to 6.61 months). In the four trials in pre-treatment with HDT plus ASCT there were no differences between patients receiving HDT or ASCT and those in the control group (2.28 vs 1.20 months). Adverse events occurred more often in patients in the HDT group than in those receiving ASCT. The subgroup in the group that had the higher risk of recurrence of the tumour at the end of treatment (14.9% vs 12.8%) was more likely to have an adverse event (18.8% vs 13.0%). The subgroups in the other trials did not seem to have a greater risk of adverse events than the group with the lower risk of PFS or with ASCT alone. The evidence from this review is up to date to September 2013.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 15 randomised trials (involving 1437 participants) that assessed the effects of adding WDD to antipsychotics for schizophrenia. We assessed the risk of bias in all of the trials and found that overall the risk for bias was low or very low. The results showed that when WDD was added to standard antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, there was no difference in the short-term (short-term) quality of life or mental state of participants. Participants receiving WDD were, on the whole, more stable and had less chance of suffering a relapse (‘pneumonia’ or ‘disease’ of their mental state. Adverse events such as dizziness, somnolence and drowsiness were all reduced with WDD, as was the need for a course of oral corticosteroids or anti-psychotic drugs. However, people who took WDD had less weight gain and were less likely to have an episode of extrapyramidal (joint pain) compared with those who took other drugs. The quality of the evidence was moderate for both short- and long-term outcomes, meaning that we have moderate to low confidence in the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found three new RCTs, for this update, bringing the total to 12 studies with 799 participants. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of high- or very low-risk of bias. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand and superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and we were not able to combine the data from any of them. There was insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there was any difference in rate of alignment between multistrand (with a fixed screw) and hyaluride (with two plates) or thermoelastic NiTi arch wires, or in pain. 2. Combining the results from three studies with 127 participants, we found that there was no difference in the number of teeth that healed at day 1 (2.68 mm) or on a 100 mm visual analogue (i.e. a visual analogue is a chart that rates the amount of redness on the surface of the skin) between the two groups, but the size of the difference was not large (7.5 mm per month). The findings for pain at the day 1 as measured on a visual analog scale (which is a tool used to assess how good a person’s ability to see things) suggested that there were no differences between the groups. 3. Combination of the evidence from five of the studies showed that when placed on top of a screw, the teeth were as good to very good as they were when placed in place with a screw. However, pain was not measured. 4. Combinations of the findings from three of the five studies showed no evidence of a change in the rate of re-opening of the mouth or in the length of time it took for the tooth to heal (called root resorption). There was no evidence from the studies to show that any one type of screw was any more good than any other. 5. Combinating results from two of the trials showed that using a screw was as good as the other types of screw. We did not find enough good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale, high-quality studies to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of any of these types of screws. There is a need for high- and good-certainty research in this area. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2017.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found just one study with 306 people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, which was conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. This study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Index, the NPI and the Observation Scale. For the CMAI, the findings showed that there was no change in behaviour change between those who received the intervention and those who did not. There was no difference in change in change on the Physal Aggressive Scale (0.08 points, 95% CI −0.37 to 0.21). We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the results. There is a need for high-quality, well-conducted research to assess the effectiveness of this approach.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 13 randomised controlled trials with 1316 adults with IAD. Eleven of these trials had a very low to very low risk of bias. Nine of the 1316 people in the trials were not able to be pooled because of differences in the types of skin care they used, skin types, skin treatments, and measurement tools used. Nine trials looked at one or more of the following: skin care products (soap, soap and water) used alone, or combined with other skin care treatments (e.g. dressers, dressers or dressers). We found evidence from two trials, which were of low and very low quality, that soap and the use of a skin cream performed poor in preventing IAD and treating IAD in adults. The first trial suggested that using a skin creamser might be more effective than soap and fluids. The other trials, all being of very low and moderate quality, suggested that applying a leave-on product (moisturising, skin protectant, moisturising, or a combination of these) alone or in a group of adults who were not satisfied with the treatment may be more successful than not using the skin cream at all. There was no evidence to suggest that any of the skin care methods used in these trials were better than the others. There were no trials that looked at the effect of any type of skin cream on the occurrence of IAD, or whether they had any side effects. There is a need for more research in this area, so that decisions about whether to use skin care for IAD can be made with care.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of antiviral drugs compared with placebo or no treatment in adults with IM. We searched for RCTs up to April 2015. We found and assessed data from 333 studies. We assessed the risk of bias for all outcomes and so the results should be treated with caution. The evidence is up to date as of 14 April 2016. The main findings of the review are that, based on very low- or low-certainty evidence, the use of the antiviral drug acyclovir, valomaciclovir or valacycloviral has not been shown to be beneficial in terms of the time to cure (the time from the start of the study to the end of the trial) or the time taken for the disease to heal (the length of time it took for the illness to get worse) in people with IM with a mild form of ulcerative colitis. This means that, on the other hand, the quality of the evidence is very low to very low. This is due to the very low or very low quality of evidence for all of the other outcomes that we looked at.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found four studies with 2250 adults randomised to either a long-term (24 to 52 weeks) trial of 2250 participants with type 1 pancreatic cancer or a short-term trial of just four weeks. Insulin glargine was given once-daily in the evening with the option of an extra dose in the morning in three of the studies and twice-daily once-a-day in one. In the four studies, the length of follow-up ranged from four weeks to 12 months. The length of the trials was of very low to high risk of bias, which means that there is a high chance that the true results are close to what we found. The trials were of low to very low risk of systematic errors (ie, there was a risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and of random errors (there was a chance of being in the wrong treatment group because of chance or because of play of chance). There were no deaths in either group in any of the four study groups. The evidence from the studies was of low or very low quality. This means that we have very low confidence in the size of the results and that we are very uncertain whether the true effect is the same as what this review shows. Insulins were found to be no more or less well-treatable in the longer term (i.e. for up to 52 months) than in the short term (1 to 14 months). There was no difference between groups treated with insulins and those who received glucargine or not in terms of blood loss of blood (hypoglycaemic (low blood glucose) and low blood glucose levels (high blood sugar levels of the blood and high blood pressure). However, this finding is based on very low- to moderate-certainty evidence. There was some low-to-very low-risk of bias due to the lack of data and the low number of events in the trials.
In this Cochrane Review, we set out to find out if there is good evidence that this is true or not. We found six trials that assessed the effects of SNS for faecal incontinence. Six trials assessed the use of sildenafil for femoral fibroids. In one trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants in the SNS group were less likely to have a episode of anal incontipation than those in the control group. In the other trial, which was carried out by Thin, 15 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due to problems with implantation or failure of the device. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the length of time they thought was the best time to use SNS, and five of these were still blinded to the treatment they received. SNS was found to be as safe as other types of surgery and to cause minor side effects, such as pain at implant site (6%), bone pain (2%) and excessive tingling (9%). In the group conducted by Leroi, the average (range) episodes of faecic incontination per week fell from 1.1 to 0.61 per week in the three months after surgery. Side effects included mild ipsilateral leg pain (1.1 per week) and stimulator-site pain (0.7 per cent per year) in the four months following surgery. Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at the implant site was reported in 6% (6%) and in 9% (13%) in the group with seroma and in the vaginal region (9% per year). In the parallel group trial, 15 participants with femoral sphincter were not blinded to treatment and were not able to choose the time to start SNS. For the group of 19 participants with high-fibroids who were treated with SNS up to 12 months, there was no evidence that SNS helped to reduce the frequency of episodes of abdominal incontinal incontina. In this group, the overall frequency of these episodes fell from 19 per year to 3.5 per year in the two years after surgery, and the duration of treatment ranged from 4.5 to 14.8 per year. This means that we can draw no conclusions as to whether SNS is safe or not for this group.
This review aimed to find out whether molar tubes bonded with a light-cured glass ionomer cement were more or less likely to fail than molar bands that were fixed in place. Molar tubes are the type that are held in place in the mouth and are placed into the mouth with a screw. They are placed in place with the help of a screw and the molar band is placed on top of them so that they do not touch the tip of the tube. Two randomised trials with 190 participants were included in the review. Both of these studies were at low risk of bias (low risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way they were done) and were well-conducted. Both of these trials were conducted in the 1980s and there was a general lack of evidence for the usefulness of molar tubs in the treatment of first time failure. Results from one of the trials, which compared molar rings with molar bromide, showed that molars were less effective in reducing the amount of decalcification (the growth of new blood in the cavity between the molars and the skin) in the first few days after the operation (57% vs 25%). This result was based on data from two trials which were of high quality. The other, which was of low or very low quality, was of very low or moderate quality and did not use the same methods. This means that we have very low to very low confidence in the size of the results. There was also some imprecision in the findings from this review. This means that it is very hard to tell whether the true results are different from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2012. We found 66 articles published between 1988 and 2012 that assessed the ability of EUS to identify gastric cancer stage and tumour size. We included 7747 patients with stomach cancer who were treated with EUS or not. For primary (stage 1) and T4 (stage 2) gastric carcinoma, we found that EUS was as good as or better than T3 or T4 in identifying T1a (mucosal) versus T1b (submucosal) cancers. For T2 and N-stage tumors we found data that showed that when EUS is used it will not distinguish T1 from T2 or T3 cancer, and will not miss a tumour that is not in the tumour. However, when we looked at how well EUS worked (how well it worked and how much it worked) we found no evidence that it was any more or less well than either T1 or T2 cancer. When we compared how much EUS helped us to tell whether a cancer was in or out of the gastric wall (how good we thought it was) or whether it was getting worse or getting worse (how sure we were of the accuracy of the test) we also found that it did not help us to decide whether one type of cancer was better than the other. We also found evidence that when compared with T4 or T1B cancer, EUS did not miss any tumour stage or tumour in about one out of eight people with gastrectal cancer who would get the test and would not have missed any of the other two tumour stages that would have been getting the test. We did not find enough high-quality RCTs to show how much or how much of a difference there were between EUS and other types of tests.
We searched for randomised trials that compared day-surgery with overnight surgery in adults with symptomatic gallstones. We found six trials with 492 adults undergoing day-case laparoscopically cholecystopoietin ( 239) and overnight (253). The number of participants in each of the trials ranged from 28 to 150. The mean age of the participants ranged from 40 to 47 years. The trials were at high risk of bias (that is, there is a chance that the results are close to the truth, that is, the true effect is close to what we found). Only one of the six randomised controlled trials (253) reported short-term deaths. We were able to combine the data from the other trials and found that there were no deaths in either of the groups. Long-term mortality was not reported in any of the included trials. There was no evidence that there was any difference in the rate of serious adverse events (e.g. injury to the gallbladder or bile duct during or after the operation between the day surgery and the overnight surgery group) or in the number of people who were readmitted to hospital. There were no differences between the two groups in pain (3 trials; 175 people), time to return to activity (2.1 days), and time to work (2 trials; 217 people). There was also no difference in quality of life (5 trials; 464 people). We did not find any evidence that either group was more or less likely to fail to be discharged as planned (failure to be treated as planned) from hospital. For all outcomes except pain, there was no difference between the groups in the rates of death or of the need to be readmissions to the ICU. However, the evidence for these outcomes was of low or very low quality. This means that we are uncertain as to whether the true results may be different from what this review shows.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found eight randomised, double blind, placebo-based studies, with a total of 2488 participants. We assessed the risk of bias in all but one study as low or very low due to small numbers of participants and a lack of data. For postherpetic neuralgia, we found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks more participants were much or very much improved with high-concentration capsaicin than with placebo, and about 10% more with 0.04% (0.04%) Capsaicin was not used as an 'active' placebo. At 8 weeks and 2 to 12 weeks, more participants (about 30% and at least 50%) had an improvement in their pain that was at least as good as or more than half that seen with placebo. For painful HIV-neuropathy we found one study (369 participants). It found about 10%, more of those who had an average 2 to 8-week pain reduction of at least 30%, as well as an increase in pain of about 30% to 50% at 2 weeks and 7.0 points on a 0 to 12-week scale at 12 weeks. Pain was reduced from about 15 to 10% at 8 weeks to about 4.8 points at 8 to 8 weeks in two of the four studies. For pain at 8 or 12 weeks was about the same for both high- and low-calcicin, with an NNT of 10 to 12.8. For other types of pain, the NNT values ranged between 10 and 12.9 points. The NNT range means that we have very low to very low confidence in the estimate of the effect. For some people, the reduction in pain was as large as 30% or as much as 50%. For other people, it was as small as 4 to 12 points. This means that the effect may have been due to bias in the way the studies were done, or the fact that there were problems with the way they were done. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low or moderate for most of the outcomes, meaning that there is a lot of imprecision in the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found three randomised controlled trials (involving 6343 participants) that looked at the risk of stroke in adults with carotid stenosis. We did not look at the risks of any of the main outcomes of interest, that are known as'stroke and death', or in the effects of surgery (such as the need for blood to be pumped around the body or the amount of blood left in the brain). We also looked at'side effects' of the surgery, such as pain, and for how well the surgery worked (e.g. if it worked well, how well it worked, and how much blood to give). We found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of stroke and death. There was also no difference in the numbers of people who had a stroke five years after the operation (called'searched' or'reassessed' (see Cochrane Database of Systematics). People who had surgery had about the same risk of having a stroke as those who did not have surgery. The risk of a stroke was the same in participants with 50% to 69% stenosis, and in those with 70% to 99% stenotic near-occlusion (where the artery remains open). There was no evidence that surgery was any more or less likely in people with the same amount of stenotic blood in their blood, or in those who had the narrowing of the artery (known as 'carotid deep venous thrombopoietin). The quality of the trials was moderate to high. This means that we can be reasonably confident that the true results are close to what we found.
We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and non-randomized studies that assessed the effect of any type of surgery on the formation of a stoma. We found only one RCT that met our criteria. This RCT included a total of 864 people with rectal cancer (37/60), ulcerative colitis (14/60) or familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60). The evidence from this RCT was of low- or very low-certainty due to imprecision (variation in results) and risk of bias (incidence of bias due to play of chance). We found no RCTs that assessed other types of surgery, such as colostomy, and we did not find any studies that looked at whether one type of operation was the best (e.g. colonoscopical or coloscopic surgery). We also found no studies that measured other aspects of stoma formation such as how long the stoma was in place or how long it took for the incision to heal (stoma-related morbidity) or whether it took as long as it took to do so. This review found no evidence that any of the two types of operation were better than each other in terms of the occurrence of parastomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. However, there was still a lack of high-quality evidence to show whether one method was better than the other. This evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We searched for studies up to July 2012, and we found four new studies, so there are now 24 studies, with 2126 participants. We found no differences in the rate of relapse, mental state or improvement in mental state when we looked at the results. There was, however, some very low- to very low quality evidence that other psychosocial (psychosocial) treatments (such as counselling, peer support and psychoeducation) may be helpful. We did not find any evidence that any of these were better than standard care in terms of relapse or mental state, but we did find some evidence that there may be some benefits for other types of psychological treatments that might be worth taking part in. The quality of the evidence was very low, so we can draw no firm conclusions about whether or not these other treatments are effective. There is a need for more good quality, well-conducted research in this area. This plain language summary is up to date as of July 2012.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 11 randomised controlled studies, with 949 adults with moderate or severe pain. Eight of these studies were randomised and lasted one week or longer. Eight had a placebo (fake medicine) only, eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid (a strong painkiller), and one with the same dose of the same NSAID, and one both. None had a dummy (placebo) only control. The other trials were of low or very low quality. Most studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. We judged results for all of the outcomes as very low- and low- or moderate- or high- or low-or-high-quality evidence. We were not able to tell whether NSAIDs were better or worse than other analgesic drugs in terms of pain, side effects, or withdrawal from treatment. This was mainly due to the very low or low quality of the evidence, which meant that we were unable to draw any conclusions about the effect of NSAIDs on any of the other outcomes that we thought were of importance in this area (e.g. quality of life, sleep, mood, or pain-free use of painkillers). None of the studies reported our main outcomes of pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with Patient Global Impress of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or with a range of 26% to 51% were found that NSAIDs reduced pain from mild to very much reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks, and up to 50% in four of the 11 studies (415 people in total). With NSAIDs did not seem to be any more or less well-tolerable than other painkillers. We did not find enough good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term data to draw conclusions about whether or not NSAIDs help with pain in adults with fibromyalgia.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials up to July 2013. We found one randomised trial (involving 253 participants) that assessed the effects of tinzaparin on pain and duration of pain. This study was of very low quality. This trial found that, compared with a fake medicine (placebo) (fake medicine) two days after the operation, people who were treated with tinsaparin had about four days with less pain. They had, on the other hand, about five days with more pain than those treated with fake medicine. However, this result was based on very low- or low-certainty data. This means that we have very low or very low confidence in this result. The study did not measure pain in a way that was meaningful to people with cancer, so we judged this study to have a high risk of bias. The evidence from the other trial, which included 34 participants, was not of very high or low or moderate or both. This was due to the lack of data and the fact that there were problems with the way it was run. This meant that we were not able to draw any conclusions about the quality of this study. This is why we rated this as very low to very low. The trial did not report on many of the other outcomes we thought were of importance in this review. For example, there was no information on how to assess whether the participants suffered any side effects. There was also no information about how to measure how long people were in the pain and how long it took for the pain to get worse or how long they had to rest in bed after the surgery. There were also no reports of how to compare how much pain people had while they were taking the medicine, how much blood they had in their veins, how many people dropped out of the trial because of side effects, how long the medicine had to be used, and how much bleeding people had to take, for as long as it took to get the medicine and the medicine to heal. This review did not find any good-to-very low-quality studies that assessed whether people had any more or less pain with tinaparin than with other types of medicine. Therefore, we do not know whether people with acute ischaemic stroke can be helped by the use of this medicine.
We did not find any randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with antplatelet drugs for the treatment of extracranial carotid artery dissection. There also did not seem to be any trials that looked at the effects of giving antcoagulant drugs other than aspirin or so called "smart drugs". There were also no randomised controlled trials that directly looked at whether giving these drugs helped or not. There was also no evidence that any of these drugs were any more or less effective than other types of drugs in reducing the risk of stroke or death.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2014. We found 26 RCTs (2066 patients) that met our inclusion criteria. We grouped results according to type of wound type, and the amount of silver used. Burns Thirteen trials (involving 2066 participants) looked at silver sulphadiazine cream (SSD) compared with non-silver dressings. One trial showed fewer infections with silver nitrate when compared with a non-salbutamol dressing, but three trials showed significantly more infection rates with SSD than with the non-calcium dressing. Six trials looked at a type of dressing called a silver-coated gauze (SBO), in which the wound was covered with a thin film of silver. Six of these trials compared a silver cream with or without other types of dressings, and found no evidence of a difference in infection rates. Other wounds Six of the 26 studies looked at two types of silver-containing dressings (nine dressages in total). Most compared (seven) found no differences in infections between the two types. Other wound types We found no difference between SBO and SBO in terms of infection rates, but we found that SBO had a higher rate of infection than with SBO, and in some wound types, the SBO group had a lower rate of infections than the SSD group. We did not find any evidence that one type of dressation was better than the other, but this may have been due to the small number of people in the groups studied. We rated the risk of bias as moderate or high.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 12 studies with 3571 adults with VAP. All but one of the studies reported sources of funding or company sponsorship. The studies looked at the use of one antimicrobials (antibiotics) versus one or more other types of antimicrobial regimens for the treatment of adults with venous thrombopoietin-associated peraphylasis. The mean age of people in the trials ranged from 36 years to 77 years and the mean length of time spent in the ICU ranged from single dose (four weeks to 12 weeks) with a mean of 0.97 years. There was no difference in all-cause death (death due to any cause) or death from any cause, length of stay in ICU or adverse events (adverse events are events in which there is a chance that the cause is not the same as the real cause) between the two groups treated with monotherapy and the group treated with the same antibiotics. However, we found some very low-to-very low-certainty (very low quality) evidence that there was no evidence of a difference between the groups receiving monoscopy and the other antibiotics for death from all causes or for adverse events. We judged the quality of this evidence to be very low to very low. There is a need for more well-conducted, well-reported, large-scale randomised controlled trials to address the effectiveness and safety of antibiotics used for the use in people with venostasis. This plain language summary is up to date as of 1 April 2017.
The aim of this Cochrane Review was to assess the effects of introducing a set of policies that aimed to stop the use of certain drugs (e.g. gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) on the provision of health care for older adults (aged 18 years and over) with second generation (at least 16 years of age) antipsychotic drugs. We searched for studies up to March 2013. We found 29 Cochrane Reviews that looked at the effect of introducing or not, on 11 drug classes. These studies were conducted in both high-income and low-income groups. People in the review were most often elderly or low income adults, or both, in publically funded or administered drug benefit plans. The quality of studies was moderate to high. Studies were conducted for up to 2 years and were of variable or high risk of bias. This review found that introducing a drug class that was not being used very often, such as the gastric acid suppressant or gastrectin, can lead to a drop in the amount of use of these drugs and decrease the costs of other types of drugs. It can also lead to an increased use of other kinds of drugs that are no longer used. However, the quality of evidence was very low to low. This means that we are very unsure of the true results. Further research needs to be done to find out if these policies are fair and just, and whether they are able to be changed or not.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 19 randomised controlled trials that assessed whether one-to-one OHA was more effective than no OHA or routine OHA in preventing gingivitis or dental cavities. Nineteen of these trials were found with data available for a total of 4232 participants. Four of the 19 studies compared any form of OHA with no OGA. There was no evidence that any of the other comparisons showed a difference between OHA and routine OGA in the reduction of gingvitis or plaque. There were also no studies that looked at the effects of self-management (e.g. self-treatment with a trained counsellor or dentist) or any other form of treatment. None of the studies looked at how much or how often people had to be cared for by someone other than a nurse or dentist. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to very low for all of the outcomes. This means that there is a lot of imprecision in the results and that we are very uncertain about the size of the effects. There is a need for more high-quality, well-conducted research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that looked at the short-term effects of oral corticosteroids for shoulder pain and range of movement in adhesive capsulitis. We found five small randomised trials. We were able to combine data from two trials (with a combined 30 and 49 participants) that were of variable quality (only one of these was of high quality) and some were of low or very low quality. We could not combine the data from one placebo-controlled trial as no data could be extracted from the other four trials. Two of the trials, with a combined total of 40 participants, found that, compared to a fake medicine (placebo), corticostimulants (such as a sugar pill or a steroid cream) improved pain, range of movements of the shoulder and function in the short term (up to six weeks). The length of time it took for the pain to get worse (from about six weeks up to 12 weeks) was about the same for both groups. In one trial, 48% more of the people in the steroid group had their shoulder pain reduced by 48% or more during the first two weeks of the trial. In the other trial, the improvement in shoulder pain was not maintained at six weeks. A third trial, with 32 people included, found a rapid, but not large, improvement in pain with a steroid pill (18.1 points on a 0 to 100 point scale) and shoulder abduction (23.3 degrees) over the first four weeks. In this trial, shoulder pain was improved by 23.3° (95% CI 11.3 to 35.3). However, the size of the improvement was not large and it may have been due to the fact that the steroid pill was not being used very often. A fourth study, with 28 people, reported a rapid but not very large improvement in the first few days of the study. The evidence is up to date to July 2013.
This review aimed to find out if rTMS is beneficial or harmful in the treatment of ALS. We searched for randomised, placebo-controlled randomised controlled trials (where participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) and found three randomised trials with a total of 50 participants. All three of the trials were of low or very low quality. The high rate of bias in all three trials and the lack of data meant that we were not able to pool the results of the studies. This makes it very hard to draw any firm conclusions. None of the three included randomised randomised studies provided any data on the ALS-revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up, which we assessed as our main measure of the effect of treatment. We found no difference in the scores at 12 months between those who took part in the trial and those who did not take part. No trial reported any adverse events or any side effects. Therefore, we believe that, at the moment, there is a need for further well-conducted, large-scale, well-designed randomised clinical trials to address the efficacy and safety of the use of repetitive TMS in people with ALS. This plain language summary is up to date as of March 2013.
We found 10 randomised trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias (risk of bias means that we are very uncertain about the reliability of the results) that assessed the effects of immunosuppressants for rheumatoid arthritis. We found that, in the short term (up to 1 month), giving corticosteroids plus prednisone (0.3 mg/kg: 18.78 points on a 0.78 point range (range 1.20 to 293.70) in the first month of the year (1.79 points on 0.79 point range 1.11 to 2.90) gave significantly better disease control at 1 month than giving corticsone alone. In the longer term (six months) giving predicsone plus cortnisone did not change the rate of worsening of the disease. There was no difference in the rates of relapse or death in the six months after the end of the treatment with corticostimulants and corticoprofen. There were no data to assess the effect of adding corticotherapies to corticosuppressive drugs (prednisone alone or combined with other drugs) on the frequency of relapsed or refractory events or on the length of time it took for the disease to get worse. However, this is based on very low- to moderate-certainty evidence. We did not find evidence that any of the corticogenic drugs had an effect on recurrence of ulcerative colitis in the long term (i.e. one year or more after the start of the trial). There was also no information on the number of people who died or had to be re-treatments due to side-effects (e.g., infections or deaths). We found no data on the risk of having to stop taking corticotic drugs because of side-effect.
Seventy-five randomised trials, with 7957 participants, were included in this update. Seventy-one different herbal medicines were assessed in the trials, in which her medicines were compared with a fake medicine (placebo) or conventional medicine alone. Herbs were added to the medicine or to a medicine and given for up to six weeks. Herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome, but the evidence from less well-conducted trials is not strong. Her herbs may not cause any harm. No serious adverse events were found with any of the herbal medicines.
We searched for randomised trials that compared the use of LNG with other hormonal drugs to see if the method worked. We found 22 studies, with a total of 12,400 women. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. The trials were done in Europe, Asia, and the USA. The studies showed that the LNG method worked well with most of the other drugs, but was not shown to be as good as we would wish. The LNGs did not seem to work as well as other types of hormonal drugs that have been used for many years. Side effects were reported, but most women liked the pericoital method, even though it did not work well with all of the drugs. Side effect rates were reported in only a few studies. The most common side effect was a mild, temporary drop in blood flow in the urethra. This can be due to the large amount of blood lost during the course of the trial. Other hormonal drugs such as levonorgestrel (LNG) or progestinol (pessary) did not show the same results.
This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2012. We searched for new studies in March 2015. We found 14 new studies for this update, resulting in a total of 15 studies with 561 randomised participants. The age range of patients in the trials was from 12 to 54 years. Eight studies were carried out in the USA, fourteen in Europe, two in the UK and one in South Korea and the USA. The findings from the 15 studies showed that surgery was more likely to result in an increase in the rate of mesiodistal movement of the molar teeth (i.e. the tip of the tooth) in the six years after the operation. There was no difference in the length of time it took for the teeth to heal and there was no evidence that it took longer to get the teeth healed than for them to heal. However, there were problems with the design of some of the studies that made it difficult for us to tell whether some studies were at risk of bias and some were at high risk of imprecision. We did not find evidence that any one type of surgery was any more or less effective than any other type of treatment in terms of the rates of healing or getting the first molars to heal completely. There were also no harms.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-blinded, well-conducted, long-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of giving or not giving a statin in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We found 47 RCTs (39,820 participants) that compared statins with a fake medicine (placebo or no treatment) or with no treatment. We were able to combine data from 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the studies was high. This means that our results may not be valid. In people who were treated with statins compared with placebo or no intervention, we found that the risk of major adverse events (e.g. heart attacks and strokes) or death from any cause was low (68% and 34%, and 38% and 38%, and 34% and 39%, and 39% and 40%, and 17% and 45%, and 40% and 49%, and 45% and 44%, and 49% and 58%, and 44% and 47% and 55% and 46%, and 48% and 95% of the evidence was of very low or low or moderate or high or moderate/high/high or very low/low/high- or low/very low/good/good or high/good quality, or both. We also found low- to very low-to-moderate- or moderate-certainty data on progression of CKD, all-cause death, mortality, and death due to any cause or heart attack or stroke. We did not find enough evidence to say whether or not to give statins in the first few weeks after the end of treatment. The quality of the data was very low to low. This was due to imprecision (i.e. there were few events) and low-quality data. We could not tell whether statins were better or worse in terms of side effects or whether they were any more or less well-treatable than other types of medicine. This is because there were problems with the way that some of the studies were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of analgesic drugs to treat pain in children with cerebral palsy. We identified 24,704 citations from our search. We found nine RCTs with a total of 379 participants. Five of the trials on CP had a cross-over design (i.e. one group of children had CP and the other group did not have CP) and had OI in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. Three of the studies on CP used the corticosteroids baclofen and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the other trials used corticostimulants bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials looked at other analgesics commonly used for pain such as paracetamol (acetaminophen) or codeine (fluorouracil). Only one trial with over 100 participants looked at pain in the short-term (up to three months after the surgery). For pain in five of the eight studies, five of them found an effect on pain in favour of the analgesic group. For the two ITB (ITB) studies for pain in CP, in the same population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effects on pain favouring the pain group compared to the control group. Pain was a secondary outcome in two of the three studies for this type of pain. In these studies most of the side effects were related to the procedure. In conclusion, we did not find evidence that analgesic analgesia is useful in the long-term for the pain of CP.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared latrepirdine with placebo (fake medicine) or with no treatment in adults with Alzheimer’s disease. We searched for RCTs up to April 2015. We found and assessed data from seven trials with a total of 1697 participants. Three of the trials (1243) were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted). The other four trials (1034 participants) were of low or very low quality. Due to imprecision in the results, it was not able to determine whether latrepiritine had an effect on cognition or mental state in the short term (up to 26 weeks). However, there was some evidence of a very low to very low risk of side effects (such as headaches, dizziness and somnolence) and a very small increase in the proportion of participants who dropped out of the trial due to side effects. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. This was due to the lack of data and the small number of studies included in the meta-analysing of the data. The evidence to date suggests that, while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there is a very limited amount of high quality evidence showing a very very small improvement in cognition and some improvement in mental state and some reduction in side-effects. This means that while there is some evidence for the usefulness of lat repirdine for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, the size of the effect is small and further research is likely to have an impact on our conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found seven RCTs, with a total of 735 participants. We analysed data from three trials (involving 371 participants) to assess the effects of RIC on the risk of having a stroke or having a recurrence of stroke. We did not find any evidence that RIC prevented stroke in people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis or carotid stenting. There was some low- to very low-to-low-risk of bias for risk of bias in six of the studies and low-risk for bias for the other sources of bias, such as lack of blinding (i.e. whether or not participants knew whether they were in the RIC or not), and high- or low- or moderate-risk bias for bias. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that we have very low to low confidence in the size of the results and that we are very uncertain about the reliability of the findings. The evidence from the three studies that looked at preventing and treating stroke is current to April 2017.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found six RCTs, involving 204 preterm preterm infants that assessed the effects of human milk supplements on short-term growth, growth in the first few weeks after birth (up to 24 weeks), length, and head growth. We also looked at long-term outcomes (overall growth, body mass index, body weight, body fat, and body composition). We found low- to very low-certainty evidence that giving extra human milk to preterm babies with preterm birth led to faster rates of growth, but at the cost of a longer duration of stay in hospital (18.5 days). There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There was also no difference in the amount of urea (a type of amino acid found in the ureter) in the blood during the first week of life. We did not find any evidence that supplementing preterm newborns with human milk led to longer periods of time in hospital, or to changes in growth or body fat. No data were available about the effect of supplementing babies with extra protein. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for all outcomes. This was due to the small size of the trials, and the fact that there were problems with the conduct of some of the studies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and interrupted time series (ITS) studies (ICSIAs) of PEMs compared to no PEM. We found 45 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of a PEM to no intervention. Based on the data gathered, we could not comment on which aspects of the PEM used in the research led to their effectiveness. The findings of this review suggest that, when used alone and when used with other types of interventions, such as providing a self-help manual or a written manual, PEM use may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice. We were not able to assess whether they had an impact on patient outcomes, and we were unable to tell how much of an impact they had on the costs of the interventions. We believe that the quality of the included studies was moderate to high. This means that our findings are likely to be close to the truth.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of providing safe sex for young women. We found 23 RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. Most were done in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. home birth). The majority of studies gave information about STI and taught safe sex skills (co-intermittent discussion and self-help). They were heterogeneous in the length of time they provided the service, provider, behaviour and results. None of the studies looked at whether or not the risk of cancer or cervic cancer was reduced. There was little or no difference between groups in the number of men who stopped or did not use condoms. There were no data to assess how much or how often HIV or chlamydia were transmitted to women from the menopause or after having sex with a woman who had not given birth to a child. The studies did not look at whether there was a risk of the cancer getting worse or whether it took longer to progress to a cancer. We think that the fact that there is a chance that there will be a cancer in the future means that we do not think that we need to look at the chance of a cancer happening in the next 10 years.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found twenty studies with 2337 participants. Nineteen of these studies looked at brief, briefer forms of psychosocial treatment. The mean age of the people in the trials ranged from 19 years to 70 years. The duration of the studies ranged from one week to 12 weeks. The length of the study ranged from four weeks to 12 months. The findings of the review suggest that brief psychoeducation can help people with mental health problems to stay on their medication for a short period of time (i.e. the short term) and help them to remain on their medicines for a longer time (e.g. for six months or longer). It can also help people to be more stable in the long term (i) to 10 years after the end of treatment and ii) to have a more stable mood and/or quality of life for longer periods of time. It can help to reduce the risk of relapse in the medium term, i) to improve compliance with medication in the short and medium term and i) improve mental state for longer term. There was no difference in the occurrence of death or the death rate for any of these groups. There were no data to assess the effect of short-term or long-term side effects. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low for all of the outcomes. This was mainly due to the small number of studies found and the fact that many of the results were imprecise. This means that we have very low to moderate levels of confidence in the results.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found 11 studies, with 9839 people with COPD. Most of these people had mild to moderate COPD, and most had not had a flare-up (‘exacerbation’ or ‘new’ in one or more times during the course of the year. Follow-up ranged from six months to 52 weeks. Five of the 11 studies were funded by drug companies. One of them (the largest and most well-conducted study) was sponsored by a drug drug manufacturer. The results showed that LAMA+LABA has fewer flare-ups, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more improvement in quality of life compared with LABA+ICS. However, these findings are based on low- to very low-to-moderate-certainty data due to the small number of people in the trials and the fact that many of the studies were sponsored by drug manufacturers. The evidence presented is up to date as of 4 June 2015.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found three RCTs with 91 boys and girls aged 6 months to 4 years. All three studies were from the USA (two) and the UK (two). We added no new studies for this update. We assessed the risk of bias in all three studies and found that all three were of low or very low quality. We also found that there may have been some flaws in the way all three of the studies were done. This means that we have very low to very low confidence in the results. One of the trials with 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen, which was given for 20 minutes. There may be no difference in croup scores at 20 minutes (0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.36 to 0.70). The mean croup rate and mean heart rate may not change at 20 hours. In the other study with 47 children with moderate croup, there may be little or no difference between groups in the mean lung rate or heart rate at 60 hours. Children treated with heliox may have lower croup levels at 60 minutes but not at 120 hours. The other trial with 47 participants received one dose of oral dexamethasone which was 0.3 mg/kg, with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. Heliox may improve croup severity at 60 and 120 hours, but there may not be any difference in the severity of croup or in the length of stay in the ICU. The evidence for all of the outcomes in this study was of low quality, so we can draw no firm conclusions. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for studies that looked at the use of red flags to check for signs of vertebral fracture in adults presenting with low-back pain. We found eight studies set in primary (four), secondary (one) and tertiary care (three) settings. Overall, the risk of bias of studies was moderate with high risk of selection and bias the main flaws. The findings of the review suggest that a red flag may not be useful in this group of patients. Based on the findings from single studies, few individual red flags appear to be useful as most have poor accuracy as indicated by imprecise results. The authors of the study included in this overview suggest that further research should focus on the inclusion of good quality, well-conducted research in this area.
This review aimed to find out whether urethrotomy or urethroplasty is the best way to treat men with urethral strictures. Two randomised trials were identified. One of these trials, with 210 men, found no difference in the proportion of men not being strictured after three years. The other trial, with 50 men, looked at the results of surgery and urerotomy in men with traumatic stricture of the urethra after pelvic fracture injury. This study found that men who had surgery were more than twice as likely to need further surgery for strictures after the first six months of treatment (16 men out of 25 with 64%) than men who were not treated by surgery. After two years, 16 men (64%) with 64% men initially treated with surgery had to have further surgery. This was compared with 6 men (24% men) who were treated by the urectrotomy group. This trial found no evidence that surgery helped men with this type of disease to live for longer. There was insufficient data to show which treatments were the best in terms of how well they worked, how often men had side effects and how much they had to pay for the treatment.
We searched for studies up to July 2013. We found six randomised controlled trials, with a total of 1211 children and adults, that met our inclusion criteria. The four paediatric trials (two with preschool children and one with school-aged children) and the two adult trials (with 12 to 52 weeks) were of high quality. The trials did not show a clear difference in the risk of having at least one flare-up during the course of the trial. There was also no difference in peak expiratory flow (how well the airways worked), symptoms (how good the lungs worked and how well they worked) or the number of people who experienced one or more flare-ups. People who took ICS for a few days or longer had about the same chance of having a flare up as those who took a course of ICS every day (17% to 25%). People taking ICS did not have to take more inhaled corticosteroids (compared to people who took corticostoids for six weeks or less) or had to take fewer inhaled steroid pills (up to 15% to 20% with ICS). People in the group receiving ICS grew about 0.41 cm taller than those in the 'no ICS' group (this is a change of 0.5 cm in the range 0.3 cm to 0.8 cm). There was no difference between the two groups in terms of forced expirator volume in one second, exhaled nitric oxide (which is a sign of how good the airway is), quality of life, airway pressure, side effects (such as asthma attacks or asthma attacks) during ICS and the use of rescue β2-agonists (drugs used to help the lungs to open up and open up). There were no deaths in the ICS group or in the control group, but the numbers of deaths were lower in the treatment group. There were also no deaths or deaths due to side-effects in either group. The quality of the evidence was very low to high. This was due to a lack of data and a high risk of bias. Therefore, we judged the reliability of the results to be very low.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Eleven studies (900 people) looked at dietary counselling with or with lifestyle advice and six studies (739 people) examined dietary patterns, including one study (191 people) of a low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 participants) of increased fruit and vegetable intake, two trials (355 people) that followed people for 12 months and one trial (12 participants) that looked at a high-calorie (high-fat) or high-glycosylate diet. We were not able to tell whether or not people were more or less likely to die or have a kidney transplant from their kidney transplanted kidney after one year or two years of follow-up. There was not enough evidence to say whether any of these types of diet helped to reduce the risk of having a kidney graft removed or not, or whether they had any side-effects. We did not find any evidence that any of the types of food or how much they ate or drank helped to keep the graft open or kept it open. Some studies showed that some types of dietary advice may help to keep people who have CKD open for a longer time without the need for blood tests or to take blood tests to see if they were good at keeping it closed or keeping it open for longer. Some of the advice may also help people to feel good for longer and some may help them to live for longer without having to take tests or blood tests. However, there were problems with the way some of the studies were done, which made it hard to tell if some studies were at risk of bias and some studies did not report all of the outcomes they said they would. Some people in the groups in the control groups did not like the advice they received, and some people found it difficult to take it all in the long term. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. This means that we have very low to low confidence in the results.
We searched for randomised studies that assessed whether using a mist or steam inhalation to treat bronchiolitis in the first few days after birth is effective. We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria. This study randomised 156 preterm infants aged seven weeks to 24 months with signs and symptoms of a flare-up of their symptoms to treatment with a mist (salbutamol, nebulised saline or mist in a tent) or no mist. The evidence from this study showed that the use of a mist did not lead to a decrease in the rate of RDS in the group of preterm babies who were treated with new bronchodilators but had a reduction in the RDS rate in the mist group. However, this result is based on only one randomised study and so should be viewed with some caution. We conclude that there is not enough good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale randomised trials to assess the effectiveness of using mist or gas for the acute flare up of symptoms in preterm children.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found four randomised studies with 1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years. All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD and were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The main outcome in all four studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease-Cog from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no difference between statins and a fake medicine (placebo). There was also no evidence that statins had an effect on changes in behaviour, quality of life, or effects on the amount of time people spent in the immobile, immobile or immobile state. Three of the four studies reported on side effects. There was no evidence to suggest that any statin caused harm. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
This is a Cochrane review and the aim was to find out if there is any benefit from night splinting or early surgery in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease or Duchenne muscular dystrophy. We searched for studies up to July 2013. We found four randomised controlled trials involving 149 participants that assessed the effects of night splints or other types of treatment. Only three of the studies assessed the effect of wearing a night Splint and two assessed the use of a prednisone (prednisone is a corticosteroid drug) night spint. The results showed that there is no difference in the range of range of motion (how far a child can walk with confidence) or range of movement (how fast a child walks) in the night. There was some improvement in some aspects of strength and ability to move the child's foot and ankle at night. However, by 24 months, many boys in the surgery group had experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. Further research is required to confirm these findings. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisalone treatment in 103 boys with 18 years of age or more. This study showed that a dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day was as good as a dose taken by mouth every night for increasing ankle range of function and strength. No differences were found between the two groups in terms of length of time the child was able to walk and how far the child could walk before the start of the year. Further studies are required to assess the effectiveness of other treatments.
We searched for randomised studies that compared upright with recumbent (with epidural epidural) and bed bed positions in low-risk women. We found 25 randomised trials with a total of 5218 women. Most of the trials were of variable quality, with some being of high risk of bias and others being of unclear or very low quality. The results showed that upright positions in the first stage of labour reduce the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean birth, the need for epidural, and do not seem to have any harmful (adverse) effects on the well being of mothers and babies. Babies of women who gave birth upright were less likely to have an epidural and were not more likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, although this was based on one trial. There was no difference in the length of time it took for the labour to progress to the next stage (the'second stage' or 'adverse' stage, or in how long the labour took to last.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of TOS of any type in adults with TOS. We found three RCTs, but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The first included RCT involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavic neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). This trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP, and there were no adverse events in the group that got the BTX (Botulinum toxin) injection. The second RCT included 37 people with TMS of a botulinum virus (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline (salt solution) injected. This trial did not have a long-term (more than six months) data. There was no difference between the groups in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but there were paresthesias (pain at the site of the TOS site in the first six months after the surgery. There were no side effects in the treatment group. The third RCT was of a large, high-risk of bias (high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the investigators) and had a large number of people that dropped out of the trial, so it was difficult to tell whether it was a good study or not. The authors of the third study did not state whether they received any funding from the company that makes TOS treatment. This is a well-known problem in this field, so we can draw no conclusions about whether TOS is caused by TOS or not, but we do not know from the evidence whether it is due to other factors, such as age, source of treatment, type of surgery, or whether there was a 'placebo' (fake) TOS (fake TOS). There is a need for good quality, well-conducted, large-scale randomised studies that measure outcomes that are of importance to patients and their care-providers.
Twenty-one randomised trials involving 884 people were included in this review. A hand brace was found to be effective in reducing pain in four weeks, but not in six months. In four trials, a diuretic (such as diuretics or nonsteroids) and a nonsteroid were not shown to be helpful. Four trials with 193 people looked at oral medications (steroids, diuresis, nonsteroidal anti-inflammation drugs) and did not show significant effect. Two trials with 50 participants looked at vitamin B6 and found that it did not help. In one trial with 51 participants, yoga improved pain in eight weeks when compared with wrist splinting. In the four trials that looked at non-steroid drugs, there was no evidence that they helped. There was some evidence that a hand brace for four weeks did help, but the size of improvement was not large. However, this was based on very low- to moderate-certainty results. There were no data to show that any of the other non-steroid drugs studied were helpful. There is some low-to-very low-quality data that suggest that some of these drugs may help with pain in the short-term, but they do not seem to help in the long-term. Some of the drugs that can be used to treat pain in people with Crohn's have not been shown to work. Therefore, we do not know if they are helpful.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomly assigned adults with CRVO-ME to treatment with corticosteroids or sham (fake) injections (placebo). We found two RCTs that enrolled a total of 708 participants. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We found that the use of corticostimulants (either 1 mg or 4 mg) for up to eight months after surgery did not result in any improvement in visual acuity. However, eyes treated with triamcinolone acetonide or dexamethasone were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in vision (i.e. more than 15 letters per day) compared with those treated with a sham injection. As many as 17% of the eyes in the corticopreasoracin-acetonide group lost at least 10 letters in the first eight months of treatment compared with 17% in the observation group. The quality of the evidence was very low to high. This was due to lack of data in SCORE and a high risk of bias in GENEVA.
We found six randomised trials involving 394 participants that assessed the efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in the short-term and long-term. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) was more effective than a fake medicine (placebo) in reducing the size of the nose. The second four-week trial showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index decreased by at least 50% from baseline in 38% of patients treated with beclmethasone between week 0 and week 2, whereas none of the patients receiving placebo had such improvement. The third parallel-group trial showed 77.7% of participants receiving mometasone for 40 days showed an improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms and a decrease in adenoid size, such that adenoids could be avoided. Eight weeks of treatment with fluticasone, with a dose of 4 to 50 mcg daily, showed that this medicine reduced nasal obstruction and led to a larger reduction in the amount of nasal mucosa in the nose compared with normal saline. However, this improvement may have been due to the fact that the medicine was not used very often in the first eight weeks of the trial. The fourth trial showed a larger increase in nasal pressure in favour of the medicine flunisolide compared with isotonic saline. Adenoid sizes were reduced in 76% of the people treated with this medicine compared with 20% of those who were not. In contrast, there did not seem to be a difference between the two groups in terms of side effects. The evidence is current to September 2013.
We searched for randomised studies that compared epidural epidural block with other drugs or placebo. We found only one small randomised study (involving 24 women). This study compared a control group who received antihypertensives, anticonvulsant drugs and dypyridamole with a group that had epidural injection for six hours. This study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. The study found no difference in the proportion of women who died or developed eclampsia (fetal or neonatal deaths). The evidence from this study was assessed to be of high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (i.e. staff and staff were not aware of the group to which the epidural injections were given) and imprecision (that is, there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or the staff). The included trial did not measure any of the other outcomes that are listed in this Cochrane Review.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 16 randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-randomised trials that assessed the effect of glucocorticosteroids on all-cause deaths, mortality due to any cause, and side effects. Fifteen of these trials (one of which was an abstract of an abstract) gave results that we could use in this update. The mean age of participants ranged from 25 to 70 years old, and 65% of them were men. The evidence from these trials is of very low- or low-certainty certainty. This means that we have very low or very low confidence in the results. There was no evidence of effect on the occurrence of serious adverse events or mortality up to three months after the end of treatment, or on the quality of life up to 3 months, in the short-term (i.e. up to five years). There was also no difference in the number of people with any side-effects or non-serious side-effect rates up until three months' follow-up, or up to four years after treatment. Follow-up was not measured up to the moment of discharge from hospital, up to their death (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There were no data to assess the long-term risk of serious side effects or mortality. The quality of the evidence was very low to very low. The main reasons for this were imprecision (variation) and high risk of bias (ie, there was a high chance that the findings would turn out to be true but were not).
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the use of a driving simulator in adults with stroke. We found four RCTs that met our inclusion criteria, with a total of 245 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. None of the four studies found clear improvements in the ability to drive on the road after stroke. However, we found some improvements in some aspects of the way in which people drive, such as the speed of the vehicle, and in some measures of vision (e.g. how far people could see), such as how far they could see, and how long it took them to get home from the rehabilitation centre to do so. These results are based on only one study, which was conducted with 73 participants, and so they must be viewed with some risk of bias. There was no clear difference in how far a person could walk up to six months after their stroke, or how far he or she could drive up to 12 months after the stroke. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main reasons for this were that some of the results were imprecise and some results were based on just one, small, short-term, and some people dropped out of the studies. This means that we were not able to draw firm conclusions about the usefulness of the training in how to drive after stroke, and that some results may be due to chance.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of corticosteroids used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in adults. We found eight RCTs with 582 people with moderate to very severe COPD, of which five studies with 519 people (range 28 to 296) contributed to the meta-analysis. Mean ages of participants ranged from 65 to 73 years, and the proportion of men varied (58% to 84%). The mean duration of treatment ranged from three to 14 days for short-duration and 10 to 15 days for longer-duration treatment. Five of the studies gave corticostoids by mouth or through a vein (intramuscularly) for up to seven days. The length of the course of the treatments ranged from five days to 12 weeks. Corticosteroid treatment was compared with placebo or no treatment for five of the eight studies. In four of these studies there was no difference in the risk of relapse (a new event) or the time to the next flare-up (the next episode of COPD) between the short- and long-term follow-up. We did not find any evidence that the length of treatment was longer or that treatment was more or less effective in terms of relapse or the need for a new course of treatment. In three of the included studies there were more men than with the placebo group and this may or may not have impacted on the findings. In two of the trials there was a high risk of bias due to the use of the placebo. In the other ways, we judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to high.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised people with MDS to have a red blood cell transfusion or not. We found one RCT published as an abstract from a book called The Cochrane Database of Systematics. This RCT included 13 participants and looked at the effects of giving red blood cells to prevent blood loss (red blood cells are cells in the blood that help the blood to clot) or blood transfusion to stop blood from clotting (leukocytes or white blood cells) in order to stop or stop blood loss. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The included RCT was of very low quality. This means that we have very low to very low confidence in the results and that there is a risk of bias in this study. The RCT did not report on all-cause death or any of the outcomes that we thought were of importance in this area (such as death due to blood loss, blood infections or mortality due to transfusion). There was no evidence to show that there was a change in the risk of death or the number of transfusion transfusions given. There was also no difference in the amount of blood transfused (1.8 units per patient per year). There were no anaemia- or blood-transfusion-caused adverse events in the RCT. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the outcome measures we looked at. This was due to the lack of data and the fact that we did not find any RCTs that assessed the best way to give transfusion. Therefore, there is currently a lack of good quality, well-conducted studies that have looked at this topic.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of games as a teaching strategy for health care. We searched for RCTs up to April 2014. We found two RCT studies that assessed the effects of games on patient and performance outcomes. Only one of these studies looked at a type of game called 'Snakes and Ladders' (a snakes and ladders board game). This study compared a group of health care providers who were taught to play the game with a group who were not. This study did not assess patient or process of care. The other RCT compared a form of game-based learning with usual case-based (case-based) learning of stroke. This trial did not look at whether or not the games helped the patient or the health care provider to prevent or treat stroke. The second RCT did not measure patient or quality of life, or whether they had an impact on the amount of time it took for the patient to get on with their job. The participants in the first RCT were more than twice as good as those in the group that did not play the games. The level of reported benefit from the games was about the same in both groups. The findings of this review do not confirm nor refute the use of the video game as a treatment for stroke. There is a need for high-quality, well-conducted, high-certainty research in this area.
The aim of this review was to find out whether lithium or other long-term antidepressant drugs help reduce the risk of relapse in people with bipolar or unipolar disorders. Eight randomised trials were found, with a total of 477 participants. Two of these studies included a mixed group of participants with bipolar and unipolar disorder. When all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a large, but non-significant difference in favour of lithium. This did not exclude the point of no effect. There was no other difference between lithium and antidepressant drugs, as well as side-effects, deaths due to all causes and suicides. Large-scale randomised studies in unselected groups of participants are needed to assess the efficacy of these drugs.
The objective of this review was to assess whether amifostine has any effect on salivary glands in the short-term (i.e. up to 12 months after the start of the trial) and long-term consequences (e.g. death from any cause, morbidity (illness) and costs. Two randomised trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 participants) were randomised to treatment with high-dose and low-dose radioactive iodine for differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Both studies had a low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance) and were well-conducted. The results from the two randomised controlled trials included in the review suggest that, compared with a placebo (fake medicine), amifofine has no important side effects and has not been shown to have any important side-effects. Furthermore, no data were found on the effect of the treatment on quality of life and other outcomes that are important for patients and their care-providers. Therefore, no firm conclusions can be drawn at this time.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found three studies involving 45 boys and girls aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. All three studies were at high risk of bias, which means that our results may not be valid. We were not able to combine the findings from the three studies, so we assessed each study for each type of intervention. We did not find any studies that looked at the same outcomes for all children, which meant that we were unable to pool the findings. Two of the three trials looked at different types of interventions, which made it hard for us to pool their findings. The third trial looked at a group-based intervention that was combined with a clinician-mediated intervention. This was a six-month intervention in which the child and their parents worked with each other to find the best way to help the child with Down Syndrome with speech and language delay/disorder. The children in the group in this trial had a 2- to 3-hour group session with one to three times a week for between 1.5 and 2 hours, over a three- to 10-week period. In the third study, the group had a bi-weekly session plus once-weekly sessions for 12 weeks. The length of treatment ranged from 12 weeks to six months. We judged all three studies to be of very low or low quality, meaning that our findings may not represent the truth. The evidence from the studies was of low or very low quality. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all outcomes. This means that we are very unsure of the true results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found two randomised trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 adults who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials were at high risk of bias (risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers). There was not enough data to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation on mortality or on serious adverse events. We did find that, when compared with control (no exercise), people who exercised after having surgery had a greater amount of exercise in their blood (0.47 points on a 0-52 scale (very low- to moderate-risk of bias). We did not find any difference in the number of deaths or adverse events between those who exercised and those who did not. However, we did find some moderate- to very low-risk-of-bias results. This means that, although we do not know exactly how much of an improvement there were in terms of deaths and adverse events, we do know that there may have been some improvement in some aspects of quality of life. There was no difference in return to work or in the amount of time it took for people to come back to work after surgery. Due to the lack of evidence, we were not able to assess whether or not there had been any change in the risk of dying or in having a major adverse event. We believe that there is a need for more high-certainty randomised studies to look at the impact of exercising on patient-relevant outcomes, such as mortality and the return to working.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any type of palliative care for adults with cancer. We found five RCTs (1130 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. All five of these studies were carried out in the same part of the world (the USA, the UK, the USA and the UK) and involved people with cancer who had been ill for a long time. Two of the studies looked at meditation, the others looked at other types of prelative care that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The quality of the evidence from the studies was very low to moderate. The main findings of the review were that there was no evidence that any of the interventions had an impact on quality of life or on the well-being of adults in the terminal phase of cancer. However, there was some imprecision of the results that meant that we were not able to say whether or not they had any effect. This means that we cannot be absolutely sure of the extent to which they have had an effect. We also found that there is a chance that some interventions may or may not have had any impact on the physical, spiritual and/or mental health of the people in the trial arms of the trials. This is likely to be due to the fact that the design of the trial was not of the best quality.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 137 participants that assessed the benefits and harms of tDCS compared to sham tDCS or no tDCS. Two studies with 45 participants looked at whether tDCS helped to reduce the amount of time people with Parkinson's had to spend in the immobile off and on time (the 'off and on' phase) and the time spent in the gait speed (the length of time in which they were able to move around and move their head and neck). We found no studies that looked at how much of a difference tDCS made to activities of daily living. We also found no evidence that tDCS had an effect on reducing the number of people who dropped out of the study, or on the deaths that occurred during the intervention phase. We did not find any evidence that people who received tDCS were more or less ill than those who did not receive tDCS, or that there were more dropouts, side effects, or deaths. We rated the quality of evidence from the studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate, or high. Very low- to very low-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High-to-very low-scale, high- or high-quality, high or low-certainty, very low or very low quality, very large or low/very low/low/high/moderate/high quality, or very large- or very small- or moderate/low-quality/high- or medium/low quality, means that the true results are very different from what this review shows. For this Cochrane Review, we found that there is a need for more well-conducted, well-designed, large-scale randomised trials to assess the effects of tDSD. This plain language summary is up to date as of April 2017.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found four new studies for this update. Overall, we included 461 participants in this review. We assessed all studies to have a high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. We did not find any studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. We also found no studies that compared LASB to placebo or sham (sham). We found very low to very low-to-very low-certainty results for all of the outcomes that we looked at. This means that we are very uncertain about the size of the effect, and that it is very unlikely that the true results are close to what we found. We were not able to tell whether or not people had more pain when they had a treatment that gave them painkillers (prednisolone or paracetamol) or a corticosteroid (or both). We were also unable to tell how much or how often they had to be re-tested for the same amount of painkillers. We rated the quality of evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low to moderate, or high. Very low- to moderate-risk of bias means that our confidence in the results is low or very low. High-quality studies mean that we have very high or low or moderate quality evidence. For this review, we found that there is a lot of evidence. We are very unsure of this. Most studies found no difference in pain for any of the painkillers or corticostoids or local anaesthetists. There was some very low quality evidence that people with cancer who had less pain when having a treatment with a local anaesthetic. We do not know if this was due to the type of painkiller or because of the fact that the treatment did not work well for them. However, we do know that there may have been some bias in the way that some of the trials were done.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 14 randomised controlled trials, with 2488 people with Bell's palsy. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias. We included four new studies at this update. In this update, we found four new trials, so there are now 14 studies in the update, with a total of 473 participants. The review of these new trials found that the use of antivirals and corticosteroids alone may have had little or no effect on the rate of relapse compared to corticostoids alone. Antivirals alone had no clear effects on the proportion of participants who were able to complete the course of the course. The rate of incomplete recovery was lower with the combined treatment plus corticotheroids than with placebo or no treatment, but the result was imprecise and could have been due to bias in the way the trials were done. In people with severe Bell’s palsy, there was no clear difference in the number of people who had to stop the drug for a course of six months or more. For people with mild-to-very mild-moderate Bell's pruritus, the evidence was of low or very low-certainty. This means that we have very little confidence in the size of the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found only two studies, which were very few and of very low quality. One looked at the effects of LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) for relapsed and relapsed ovarian cancer. This was a double-blind (involving 97 women) and multicentre, long-term randomised controlled trial. The other looked at treatment with treosulfan (decapeptyl) compared with a fake medicine (placebo). Both of these studies had a high risk of bias and were very different from each other in terms of how they were carried out. There may have been little or no difference in the number of deaths or progression-free (the length of time it took for the cancer to progress) or the length of follow-up (the time the cancer did not progress at six and 12 months) between the groups treated with leupro Relapse and those treated with placebo. Side effects were not well-reported in both studies. The evidence was very low-quality. This means that we have very little confidence in the results.
We found 17 randomised studies that assessed the effects of inhaled nitric oxide for infants with low blood oxygen levels in the blood (hypoxaemic) in the first few days after birth. Ten of these trials compared iNO with control (placebo or standard care without iNO) or with no iNO in infants with moderate or severe illness. We found that in the short term, iNO reduces the risk of death or use of ECPR in newborns with low oxygen levels. In the long term, we found that the use of iNO does not seem to have an effect on morbidity or morbidity. In addition, the evidence suggests that iNO is safe for babies born preterm and near-term.
We searched for randomised trials that looked at the effectiveness of lumbar for low-back pain in adults. This is a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatments, one of which is a 'placebo' treatment (placebo group) and the other is a control group that gets no or no treatment. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. We found eight studies (14,437 people) and eight treatments (1361 people). Overall, the quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the criteria we were looking at. There was some low- to very low-certainty evidence from the trials to show that there was no more or less effect with lumbare than with other preventive or non-prophylactic treatments in the long-term. However, there was some moderate-to-very low-quality data that showed there was little or no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the trials because of side-effects. There is still a need for high quality randomised studies to look at the effects of this treatment. One of the most important issues to deal with in these trials seems to be the need for good quality, well-conducted randomised randomised controlled trials to find out whether this treatment works.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found one new study with338 participants in this update, which added to the 57 studies that had been included in the first version of this Cochrane Review. This new study included a total of 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most of the participants were 18 years old and from the ICU, oncologic (cancer) and haematological (haematologic) units. Catheters were used for up to 12 weeks and were placed into the blood stream using a catheter inserted through a vein or via a vein into a vein. Some of the CVCs were placed in the vein and some were not placed at all. Overall, we found that the use of a CVC reduced the risk of blood stream infection (CRBSI), all-cause death (sepsis), death due to any cause (septic shock or infection of the blood vessels) and catheter-associated infections (infection). Catheter impregnation did not change the rates of sepsis, death or infections of the veins. We also found that there was no difference between groups in terms of the need for blood transfusion, need for long-term parenteral nutrition or the amount of blood transfused. We did not find evidence that any of the types of CVC were more beneficial than the others. There was also no difference in the proportion of patients who had a low blood count, high blood count or high blood counts. We rated the quality of the studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate or high. The very low- or high-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the reliability of the results. The high- or moderate-quality results mean that we have very low or low confidence in the findings. This means that the true results may be quite large, or even very small. The evidence from this review is of high or very low quality. There is a need for high- and low-certainty evidence in this area. This review is up to date to April 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found 15 studies, of which 14 RCTs included 14 randomised studies involving 9261 babies and 3664 women. The evidence from these studies is of very low to very low certainty due to the risk of bias, imprecision, and wide range of results. The main findings of the evidence from the studies were that there was no evidence of an effect on birthweight or length in the short-term (i.e. up to 12 weeks). There was some low-to-very low-certainty evidence that there were no effects on growth or length of life for babies born to mothers who were not able to give birth within 12 weeks of the birth. However, there was some very low- to moderate-risk of bias for 11 out of the 14 studies and four out of 14 studies had a high risk of systematic bias. This means that we cannot be very confident in the results. There was no information on long-term effects. There were no studies on the impact of the intervention on health-related outcomes such as growth, length, or health-care costs. There is a need for good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale research in this area. This plain language summary is up to date as of 14 April 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of foam dressings used to treat venous leg ulcers in adults. We found 12 RCTs (1023 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. Pooled data from five trials (418 participants) showed no difference in the proportion of ulcers healed at 12 to 16 weeks between foam dressers and hydrocolloid, paraffin gauze, or hydrocapillary dressings. There was no evidence that foam dressages were more likely to cause harm than other types of wound dressing. There were no data for any of the other outcomes that are listed above. The evidence in this area is of low or very low quality. This is due to the low number of events that we were able to report, and to the fact that many of the studies were carried out over 20 years ago.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of the withdrawn COX-2 inhibitor rofecoxib, valdecoxib or lumiracoxib in people with ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. We found two RCTs (381 IBD patients with rheumatological (i.e. ulcers in the joints and joints) disease. One RCT compared etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to a fake medicine (placebo). After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) in the etorioxib group compared with 19% (15/77) in placebo. The other RCT, with 222 IBD participants, compared celecoxib (200 mg twice a day) to placebo (fake medicine) after 12 weeks in patients with quiescent ulcerate colitis. There was no difference in the occurrence of an IBD flare-up (recurrence) of IBD, but there were fewer flare-ups (up to 17%) in this group than in the placebo group. A GRADE analysis indicated that the quality of the evidence was low due to very few events (29 events) and low risk of bias (high risk of play of chance).
We searched for randomised studies up to March 2017. We found 22 randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with a total of over 2310 people (one study did not report the number of people included). The evidence from these trials was of very low-certainty (meaning that we have very low confidence in the results) and low-quality (further research is very unlikely to change our findings). The trials were small (from 4 to 317) and had short follow-up times (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials looked at people with ulcers that were infected; one trial looked at participants with both infected and uninfected ulcers; and the other 13 trials did not look at infections. The remaining 13 studies did not measure infection. Antimicrobial dressings were compared with non-antimicrobials dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine. Pooled data from five trials with 945 participants showed that more wounds healed when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a non antimicrobial dressation. This result is likely to be due to bias and imprecision because of the small numbers of people in the trials and the short duration of the trials. This means that we are very uncertain about the size of the difference. The evidence on adverse events or other outcomes such as fever, rash, redness around the wound, and pain was of the skin was very low quality (also due to risk of bias). Antimiotics were not shown to be helpful in terms of healing ulcers. Antibiotics may also be helpful for other types of wound, such as deep venous thrombophlebitis (where the ulcer has not healed completely), deep vein thromboembolism (where blood travels around the body and makes its way into the blood stream), and wound necrosis (where there is a hole in the skin) (see Cochrane Glossary). None of the studies looked at long-term effects (i.e. how long the wound healed, how many ulcers healed, and how long it took for the wound to heal). There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found six randomised controlled trials with 5193 participants that met our inclusion criteria. We did not find any new studies for inclusion in this update. Analysis showed that, compared with a control group that did not take zinc supplements, children who took zinc supplements had about 13% lower risk of pneumonia and about 41% lower occurrence of pneumonia. This was so whether they took the supplements or not. On the other hand, this finding was based on low- to very low-to-low-certainty evidence. This means that we are uncertain whether this finding is true or not, and that it is very likely that the true results are close to what we found. However, we found that, on the basis of our findings, we would not be able to draw any firm conclusions as to whether or not this finding holds true. This is likely to be due to the low quality of the studies and the fact that many of the participants knew whether they were in the treatment group or not (this could have led to bias and imprecision).
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of vitamin A on acute LRTI in children under five years of age. We found 10 RCTs involving 33,179 participants. Eight of these studies found no significant effect of Vitamin A on the rate of the illness. Vitamin A was found to cause an increase in cough and fever in one study, and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other. Three other RCTS found no differences and no protective effect of the vitamin A supplement. Two of these trials found that the use of vitamins A reduces the risk of an exacerbation of symptoms in healthy children with diarrhoea, but does not seem to decrease the risk in those who are not well nourished or have low blood counts (i.e. too much or too little protein in their blood). Vitamin A has not been shown to be helpful in the long term and so should not be given to all children; however, it should only be used in children who are stable and healthy.
Theophylline is one of the most commonly used bronchodilator drugs in people with COPD and has been used for more than 40 years. This Cochrane Review summarised the results from 20 RCTs that assessed the efficacy and side-effects of the drug in adults with moderate to severe COPD. The review of trials found that theophyllines had a modest beneficial effect on forced expiratory volume in one second (the amount of air that can be pushed out in one breath) and oxygenation at rest (how much air a person can breathe out) in the short-term (i.e. for up to four weeks) and on lung function (how well they breathe out, how much gas can be passed through the nose and how much air can be pumped around the body, and on how long a person needs to breathe out to be able to breathe). However, the evidence for these and other results was of moderate to very low quality. This means that we can not be very sure of the true results. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. This was mainly due to the low number of events that we were able to include in the review (e.g. deaths, deaths due to side-effect, or both) and to a lack of information about how the trials were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of oral immunotherapy or sublingual (sublingual) immunotherapies in children aged 1 year to 18 years. We found 10 RCTs that met our criteria, with a total of 439 boys and girls. Each study used a different treatment. Three studies used a placebo (fake medicine) or an egg avoidance (e.g. a fake medicine made to look the same as the real medicine) as the control. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The main findings of the review are that: an increase in the amount of egg that can be consumed and tolerated without adverse events can be achieved with the use of allergen-specific oral immunosuppressive drugs. Fewer than half (45%) of children were able to tolerate a full dose of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared with 10% of children in the control group. Mild-to-severe adverse events occurred in 21% (8.4%) of the boys in the treatment group, and none in the placebo group. SAEs requiring epinephrine/adrenaline (a drug used to treat cancer) were frequent; 75% of boys were found to have mild to very mild side effects in the group of boys who received oral immunoscopy. The quality of the included studies was moderate to high. This means that our findings are likely to be close to what we thought they would be.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found four randomised trials with a total of 579 participants. We did not find any studies that assessed the risk of long-term death. We also found four studies that looked at the costs of the implant. The evidence from these studies was of very low to very low quality. The review of these studies found that there was no evidence of a difference in risk of death between people who received ILR and those who were not treated with ILR. There was a trend to a lower risk of relapse (reoccurrence of symptoms) in those who underwent ILR after receiving ILR, but this did not seem to impact on quality of life. The studies did not look at short term deaths. Due to the lack of data on adverse events in one of the studies' arms, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of the use of ILR on death. The cost of the ILR implant was higher in the people who had an ILR device compared with those who did not. This may have been due to the way the studies were done. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low for all of the results.
We found four small randomised studies that compared sclerotherapy with surgery. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. All four studies were assessed as being of low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, bias due to the use of different measurement tools used in the studies and a high risk of random errors (ie, there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) for some of the outcomes. None of the studies looked at the effects of the type of surgery. There was no difference in the clinical cure rate (i.e. absence of a cure rate) between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants: RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.10). There was a reduction in the occurrence of fever in the scleroscopy group compared with the surgery group (3 trials, 196 patients: RR 9.37, 95°C to 48.4). However, because of differences in the methods used in these studies we were not able to pool the results and so we do not know if this was a true effect. This may also have been due to there not having been a lot of data and the fact that the studies were much older (searched for up to 30 years) and not very large (so not large enough to be sure if they were of high or very large in terms of size or how well they were done). Three of the four studies found that sclerotherapists were more likely to have a fever (low fever) in those who had sclerapy and surgery (high fever rate) compared with surgery (moderate to high fever rate, low fever rate and fever rate. This could be due to different ways of measuring fever and low fever rates. Three studies reported that the frequency of pain in the group receiving scleroscopic surgery was more than twice as high as in the operation group (low to very low). This may have been because of the agent used or because the surgery was not as good as surgery. However, this was not clear and we are not sure what this means to the patient. There were no data for other outcomes that we were looking at. We did not find evidence that surgery was any more or less safe than sclerotic surgery.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) in children with airway malacia and a lung infection to see if it helped. We found one RCT that met our inclusion criteria. This RCT involved 40 children who had had a flare-up of their airway (nasal tract) infection for more than three months and were given a course of inhaled corticosteroids (prednisolone or prednisone) or a non-cough-free course of cough-free at the end of two weeks. The RCT did not show any difference between the groups for the main measure of whether the cough was cured or not. However, the mean change in night time cough diaries (which are used as a day-time measure of day and night-time cough) showed that the change in day time cough was better in the placebo group than in the group treated with rhDNase. Other measures such as sputum (shortness of breath), and quality of life, as well as tests of lung function, also showed improvement in the two groups, but the size of improvement was not large. We assessed this as having a low risk of bias (low chance of giving the wrong results because of the way the trial was run and run). The evidence from this RCT is up to date to September 2013. We did not find any other RCTs that looked specifically at the effectiveness.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 21 studies with 2658 randomised participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of a form of psychosocial therapy. Fourteen studies looked at forms of Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT), and the rest looked at other types of psychotherapy, such as third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Fifteen of the 21 studies were conducted in the USA and one in the UK. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population (i.e. hospital, home, or community). The mean number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months, and the length of treatment ranged from two weeks to 24 months. Participants in the subgroup of studies that looked at third wave CBT had a 7% higher drop-out rate compared with those in the usual care group during treatment. This was reduced to a reduction to 5% when we combined the results of studies in a meta-analysis. We did not find evidence that any form of mental health or exercise was better than usual care or a waiting list in reducing the proportion of participants who dropped out of treatment during or shortly after the end of treatment. We also found no studies that assessed the effect of any type of physical therapy. Most studies were at high risk of bias. Due to the nature of the interventions, lack of blinding of participants, therapists, and outcome assessors, we judged the quality of the studies to be moderate to high. This means that we have moderate to low confidence in the results. For all studies, we found that, when we looked at the results, we were able to include in the meta-analyses, the evidence was of low to very low quality. This is due to the fact that many studies did not blind people with mental health problems to the treatment they received, or did not report on all of the outcomes that we were looking at. This makes it hard to tell whether we could have missed some outcomes that might have been there.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found 63 RCTs that assessed the effects of epidural anaesthesia for the prevention of perforation of the PPP after breast cancer surgery. We were able to synthesize data from 39 of these studies, with a total of 3027 participants. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of epidurals on long-term follow-up (up to 12 months after surgery). We found that epidural analgesia for thoracotomy reduces the chances of having a PPP in the three to eight months following surgery, but does not seem to decrease the risk of recurrence of pain after surgery. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty evidence that an epidural was effective in reducing pain after caesarean section and after iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG), but there was no evidence for the use of other types of analgesia. We rated the quality of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate or high. Very low- or high-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the reliability of the results. High- or moderate-quality studies mean that we have very low to very high confidence in the accuracy of the findings. We judged the evidence to be moderate- or low-quality for most of the outcomes, which means that there is a high risk of bias and that the true effect may be quite substantial.
Twenty-eight randomised trials with 1742 participants were analysed. The findings suggest that first-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, halopirazole, thiothixene, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin) may be effective in the first few weeks after taking a medicine called valproate (valproate is a type of medicine often used as a first-line antipsychotic) or topiramate (a type of drug used to treat depression) for up to 12 weeks. Side effects, such as dizziness, somnolence (sleepiness, drowsiness, dry mouth, and weight gain, are the same for first- and second-generation treatments. However, the size of the effects is small and further research is very likely to change these findings.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2017. We found seven RCTs, with a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three trials were cross-over (in which one group received the washout and the other group received no washout) and four were 'cross-over' (in where one group had a washout, the other participants received a normal washout). Two trials were added for this update (with a combined total of 67 participants). We found no trials that looked at the effect of washout on the rate of urine tract infections or length of time each catheter was in situ. None of the trials looked at how many catheters were used, how often, and for how long each catheter was used, or how much or how often people had to be cared for. We are not sure if washout has an important effect on whether a catheter is used, on how often the catheter needs to be re-cleared, or on how long it took for people to get used to using it. We also do not know if it has an effect on the amount of time it takes for the cathetter to come back or on its own. We did not find evidence that any of the eight washout solutions (saline or acid solution) had an important impact on whether the cathexapubic or urethral catheter needed to be washed out or on whether it took as long as it took to make a new catheter. We have not been able to draw any conclusions about the cost of using washout. This is due to the very low- to low-to-moderate quality of the evidence.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 18 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to our main objective and 22 of these studies (involving 14,952 survivors) contributed to the secondary objectives. All of the studies were of high risk of bias (i.e. there is a risk of making the wrong conclusions because of the way they were designed or conducted) and included people with brain cancer or haematological cancer (a type of brain cancer in which the tumour is growing outside the brain). We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. We were able to pool results from 18 of the trials, but they varied in terms of the type of cancer, length of follow-up (up to 10 years), length of treatment, and number of deaths. Eighteen of the 18 studies reported on the occurrence of severe fatigue. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years with cancer, there was a 6.7% to 12.5% increase in the proportion of people who were left with severe fatigue compared with those who were not. In this subgroup, this increase ranged from 0% to 61.7%. There was a 4.4% to 21.1% decrease in the percentage of people left with moderate or severe fatigue in the group of children with cancer who were followed up for longer than 10 years. In the subgroup including adults aged 16 and over, there were a 5.8% to 35.9% improvement in the number of participants who were still suffering from pain when they were treated with corticosteroids or other than corticostoids. However, in this group, the rate of pain was about the same in both men and boys. In four of these four studies, people were more likely to suffer from pain in the four months after treatment in the control groups. In these four trials, survivors were more often tired than controls, but this difference was very large. In other words, we could not pool the data from the studies, so we have presented their results in a meta-analysis. In addition, we did not find studies that assessed the risk of dying from any cause. This means that we do not know the extent to which the effect of cancer treatment has been achieved, or how much of an effect it has had on fatigue. We also found very few good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term data that could be used to evaluate the effects of cancer treatments on death from all cause or cancer-like cause. The quality of the evidence was very low to low. This was due to the lack of data for all of the outcomes that we assessed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (involving 6914 participants) that examined the use of prophylactic (antibiotics) antibiotics to reduce the risk of infections in adults receiving intensive care. We found 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the type of antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and death in the treatment and control groups. Antibiotics used to treat infections were compared with each other or with a placebo (fake medicine). Antibiotic use alone reduced the number of RCTs and deaths in the treated group but not in the group that did not get the treatment. Topical (topical) and systemic (across the skin) antibiotic use was not shown to reduce infections or mortality in the control group. The risk of adverse events occurring as a side effect of use of antibiotics was not assessed in all of the trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that assessed the effectiveness of providing information about how to help with this type of long-term care. We found five studies. Four of these looked at nursing care in the care home and one looked at care in group dwelling (group dwelling) units. Three of the studies were conducted in the nursing home and two in the group dwelling units. The findings from the studies showed that although some studies showed an increase in PR use in both groups after eight months, the other three found reduced use of PR in the groups who did not have PR after both seven and 12 months of follow up. The one study that looked at the effect of training nursing staff in this area found no change in PR used in the intervention group after six months, whereas PR use increased in the control group. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low. This was mainly due to the small numbers of people in the studies and to a high risk of bias.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found four RCTs (involving 416 women) comparing glucocorticoid supplements with placebo (fake medicine) or no treatment. Two of the trials (310) had data in a form that we could not use in our review, so we have only data from two of the studies that we can use in this review. The other two trials (only 212 women) had results that could not be used in the review. Only one of the larger trials had data available from only one study centre. The evidence from these trials was of low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. We were not able to tell whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate (low- and very low-quality evidence). We were unable to show whether there were any differences between the two groups in the chance of a live birth or in the clinical pregnancy rate for any of the outcomes. The quality of the evidence was very low or low for all of the other outcomes, due to the low number of events and low sample size. This means that we have very low to very low confidence in the size of the results. The studies did not report on OHSS or side-effects, which means we do not know whether giving or not. There was no evidence to show that the risk of OHSS was any more or less in the group of women who were given glucoicoid during IVF stimulation than in those who were not. Based on our findings, we would have thought that, out of 100 women who had a chance of live birth with a fake medicine (15%, the chance with fake medicine would be 15%, and 7% would be between 7% and 31%, and 8% with the fake medicine. We would have had about the same chance of having a livebirth or a clinical pregnancy if we had used the 'gold standard' of a 'gold level' (a 'gold range' of 1.5 to 2.5 µg/kg/day) during the course of the trial. We could have had more chance of being able to give or not if we used the ‘gold levels of the medicine in the blood. We did not have the same amount of data for the other outcome of multiple-pregnancy or live birth. None of the included trials looked at adverse events, such as OHSS, which can occur when the medicine is taken by mouth or through a vein. The included trials did not look at these outcomes, so it is not clear whether these events were the same in the real world. Overall, we did not find any evidence of a change in the number of live births or in clinical pregnancy or in OHSS. The results of this review do not allow us to draw any firm conclusions about the effect of giving or failing to take part in the studies.
We searched for trials up to March 2017. We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 291 people with cystic fibrosis aged between five and 23 years. Six trials lasted for one year and two RCTs lasted for six months. The trials showed some improvement in some aspects of lung function and some change in body weight and lean body mass with rhGH, but these were only seen in the short-term trials of short duration (up to six months). We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the quality of life, but there was no evidence that it had an effect on the risk of a flare-up of symptoms such as asthma or chronic bronchitis. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-quality evidence for a change in the amount of fasting blood glucose, but this did not seem to be enough to rule out the effects of long-term use of this drug in the long term (over several years). There was no information about the effect of rhGH on health-care costs. The evidence was of very low to low quality. This means that we have very little confidence in the results and that we are very uncertain about the results.
We found 26 non-randomized studies with 1,695 participants that looked at whether or not to reduce the dose of inhaled bronchodilators. We found that reducing exposure to inhaled corticosteroids (e.g. through a mask or mask) to 10% to 30% of all the patients in the control groups had to be stopped for at least six months, and that at least half of the people in the groups treated with reduced exposure had to stop taking their inhaler for six months or more. In 18 of the 26 studies, about 5% to 60% of the patients were not reporting their symptoms at the end of follow-up. This was the same for those who did not have to stop their inhaled inhaler during the course of the study. In seven studies, the rate of change in symptoms was about the same in both groups, but this may have been due to bias in the way the studies were done. In ten trials, about 4% to 50% of participants had their inhalers stopped for several weeks or more, which may have made the findings look better than the truth. In addition, about 50% to 75% of people in these studies had to switch from one type of inhaler to the other, and the length of time that the inhaler was left in place was about as long as it took for them to do so. This means that the decision whether to take the medicine or not was made using a method that was not as good as we thought it was and that was the best way to keep the medicine in place. Also, we thought that the fact that people knew whether they were in the treatment group or not made it more or less clear. We thought that this might have had a lot to do with how the study was done, and we did not think that it was fair to judge whether it was good or bad. We also thought that people were as good at telling whether they had been in the group that had or not.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found six randomised trials with 1758 people. The trials were aged from 48 to 57 years. All participants had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials looked at the use of on-demand deprescribing and one trial looked at stopping PPI use. Five of the studies looked at using the drug to treat symptoms and one study looked at discontinuing the drug. In people with mild GERD, taking a PPI pill for four weeks or more did not increase the risk of 'lack of symptom control' (i.e. not being able to tolerate the taste of the medicine well) or the amount of side effects (e.g. dyspepsia or regurgation of the gut). Taking a pill for one week or more in the long term may lead to an increase in GI symptoms and a decrease in pill use. There may be a reduction in 'drug burden' and a decreased amount of pain in the gut with PPI. In the short term (up to three months), there may be little or no change in side effects or pain-free use of the drug, although the evidence for this was of low or very low quality. There was also some low- to very low-to-moderate-certainty data for the effect of PPI discontinuation. This was mainly due to the lack of data for long-term (over years) and side effects.
We searched for studies up to March 2014. We found 13 randomised trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of social skills training compared to standard care. We also found 13 RCTs that assessed the effect of a variety of other types of interventions, such as talking to people about their thoughts and feelings, or having a face-to-face discussion with them. The studies were of very low or very low quality, so we were not able to draw any firm conclusions about whether or not social skills are beneficial for people with schizophrenia. We did find some very low to very low evidence that people with mental illness who had a social skills programme had less chance of relapse and rehospitalisation and better mental state than those who did not. People who took part in the social skills programmes showed improvement in all aspects of their mental state and mental state compared to those in the standard care group. However, when we looked at people who were not taking part there was no difference in the rates of relapse or rehospitalisations between those who were taking part and those taking part in a discussion group. This means that we can not be sure whether this is real or not. There was also no difference between groups in terms of relapse rates, mental state or quality of life, both of which were very low/very low. People in the group who were in the discussion group did not seem to improve as much as people in the intervention group. We think that the fact that some of the studies were carried out in the 1980s and 1990s, when there was a great deal of change in mental health, may have had a lot to do with the way in which has changed over the years, making it hard for us to keep up with current changes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of pegloticase (a type of medicine used to treat tophi) in adults. We found two RCTs (with 145 people with tophi at baseline) that met our inclusion criteria. We pooled the pooled results from the pooled data from one of these trials (with data pooled for 145 participants) and found that pegloidase (given once or twice a month) reduced the rate of tophi in the subgroup of people who had tophi for up to 12 weeks, but did not seem to have much effect on tophi severity. People who had a peglosterase infusion of 8 mg once a week for 12 weeks had to have their tophi resolved by the end of 12 weeks compared with 2/27 people who received a fake (placebo) infusion. On the other hand, 21% to 27% of those receiving a placebo had to stop taking the medicine because of adverse events (side effects), compared with 4% to 17% who were receiving a fake or fake pegloprotein (a medicine that looks the same as the real medicine but has no effect on the same things). We did not find evidence that giving peglopicase every two weeks or once a fortnight was any more or less effective than giving it every day or every other day. People with tophylatic tophi reported pain relief of 30% or greater, quality of life, serum urate normalisation (a test of how well a drug works), or a test of blood tests to see if a drug worked, but were able to tell whether the medicine was good or bad. Pegloticase was not shown to be any better or worse than other types of medicine (e.g. corticosteroids or corticostimulants) in terms of improving tophi, and did not cause any more side effects.
We searched for randomised studies that assessed the effectiveness of oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of necrotising neovary or necrotizing neovage in preterm or low birth weight preterm infants. We found three studies that met our criteria. These three randomised controlled trials, with a total of 2095 neonates, did not show a significant reduction in the rate of NEC or need for surgery. The use of an IgA/IgA combination of IgG and IgA did not reduce the risk of NEC. There were no trials of oral IgA alone.
This Cochrane Review presents what we know from randomised trials about the effects of postoperative surgery for hysterectomy and cancer of the pelvic girdle. We found five RCTs that included 2197 women. Four of these studies compared no more surgery with radiotherapy and four trials compared the use of a platinum-based combination with radiotherapeutic surgery. The evidence from these studies shows that postoperative platinum based chemotherapy reduces the risk of recurrence of cancer in the pelvis (bony pelvis) but does not appear to be as good as radiotherapy alone. Postoperation is associated with a reduction in the number of women who are alive at any time after the operation and a decrease in the risk that the cancer comes back. Chemotherapists should be aware that there is a chance that this may be due to chance and that the chance of the cancer coming back is low.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen of these were from low- and middle-income settings and 16 from high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, while others asked clients what they felt they would like from a specific part of the programme. The evidence from our review shows that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes gave them with feelings of feelings of feeling of and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages (moderate confidence). They described sharing the messages with their friends and friends and their friends' friends (high confidence). Some clients also described problems they had when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet (high certainty). Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number (low-certainty) Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others (high-quality evidence). The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that the messages should be free of charge (high reliability). Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using phones could be a major problem. Clients wanted messages at a time and frequency that were convenient for them (moderate reliability). They wanted to use them in a way that they felt was helpful and that they were able to share them with others (very low- or moderate-quality data). They had preferences for different types of messages (e.g. short message service (SMS) or interactive voice response) (low or very low-confidence). They also had preferences about how often and how often they sent them (low confidence). Clients' views about who sent the messages could influence their views of the programmes (low to very low confidence). For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the quality of the evidence, help us to see how much we can trust the reliability of the results. Many of the trials we found did not try to address the problems we found, although this may have been a problem. This means that we have moderate or high confidence in most of the information we found. We need to know more about the factors that can influence the success of this type of programme.
Twenty-three trials involving 2467 people were included in this review. The main findings of the review indicate that methadone with short-term (six to twelve week) use can help to stop the use of long-term heroin. The results indicate that the drugs used in the trials were comparable in terms of their effectiveness, and that side effects of the drugs did not seem to change with the length of treatment.
The aim of this review was to find out whether this form of treatment is any more or less effective than other forms of detoxification. We found nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 adults who were treated with naltrexone or clonidine and symptomatic (such as painkillers or sedatives) medications. The review found that the amount of sedation that people were able to get out of bed was the same whether they received heavy (heavy) or light (light) sedation, and that the length of time that the drug was left in place (the 'opioid-free' phase) did not impact on how much or how long they were left in bed. However, there were more side effects (adverse events) with heavy than light sedation. The high cost of anaesthetic-based approaches, both in money terms and use of other types of anaesthesia, as well as the lack of time spent in bed with the drug in place, do not seem to give us much information about whether this is worth the cost.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2013. We found 14 RCTs that looked at the effect of the drug molindone on mental state, weight loss and side effects. The trials ranged from very short (10 days) studies of the intramuscular preparation, to longer (three months) trials lasting over three months. The strength of the evidence from these studies was limited, owing to small sample size, poor quality of the way the trials were done and a lack of information. When we looked at data from all of the trials, we found no evidence of a difference in effectiveness (doctors' 4 trials n=150; nurses 4RCTS n=146). However, it does cause more weight loss (2RCTN n=60 RR 2.78 RR2.78RR2 to 6.99, NNH 5 CI 2 to 77). The evidence from this review suggests that it may cause weight loss, but its side effects were no more or less likely to cause movement disorders (apart from the event of weight loss). There was no evidence to suggest that it had an atypical (i.e. a side effect that was not due to the drug itself) or that it was caused by other things that are not part of the real world.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent (such as hydroquinone), triple-combination creams (hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), and combinations of these and other treatments. We were not able to pool the results of the studies due to the heterogeneity of the treatments. Triple-combine creams were more effective at lightening melasma than hydroquone alone, when compared to the dual combinations of tretalinin and hydroquin1. Trials of rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complex (Thiospot and Gigawhite) also showed that these were effective. Azelaic acid cream (20%) was significantly more effective than 2% haptinoin cream (4%) at lighting melasma, but not when compared with 4% hytopenia cream (2%). Adverse events were not well-reported in most of the trials, so we were unable to draw any conclusions.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 people with glaucoma, were included in the review. As far as can be determined from the trial reports, the quality of the trials was not high, with a high risk of bias in many of the studies and a high chance of bias due to the low number of events that could have led to bias. Of note, only one study reported low-dose postoperation 5-FU and this was at high risks of bias. Not all of the participants in the trials were white and 40% were male. The mean age of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. 83% of the people in the studies were white, and the mean length of the study was one year. All studies were short-term. The review found that giving 5-fluorouracil after primary trabeculectomy reduced the risk of failure in the first year after surgery. This means that for every four eyes treated with this type of surgery for the first time, one would avoid one case of failure. There was no difference in the number of eyes that had to be re-inserted after the operation in the two groups that did not have surgery. However, the evidence for this result is not very strong and further well-conducted, large-scale, long-term research is required.
This review found that inhaled corticosteroids (compared to a fake medicine (placebo) for more than six months did not reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (i.e. air in the lungs) or rate of death in one year. Long-term use of ICS did not seem to have an effect on lung function or quality of life. The rate of infections (pneumonia) in the long-term was increased in the ICS group. There was an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis (infection) and hoarseness (shortness of breath) in these groups. Longer-term ICS have not been shown to have a beneficial effect on bone health.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to April 2015. We found 80 RCTs that randomly assigned 5820 women with primary dysmenorrhoea to receive either a non-steroidal (18 non-selective and four COX-2-specific) NSAID, paracetamol or each other. The evidence from the trials showed that NSAIDs were more likely to help with pain than a fake medicine (placebo). This means that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve good or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% of the women who took NSAIDs will do so. However, there was no evidence that any individual NSAID was better than any other NSAID for pain relief or side-effects. Side-effects were more common with NSAIDs than with placebo, with 10% to 14% of people taking NSAIDs having side effects. There was no difference in side-effect rates with any of the NSAIDs compared with each other, although this was based on very few trials. The quality of the trials was moderate to low. The main weakness of the evidence was imprecision, which means that we have only low to very low confidence in the results.
We searched for randomised studies that compared high to low levels of PEEP in ICU patients with ARDS. We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found and assessed seven studies with 2565 participants. In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low amounts of tidal volume in both groups, but in the other two of these studies (148 participants), the size of the tidal volume was different between high- and low-volume groups. Oxygenation improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a large variation in results. With the three studies that included, the meta-analysis of the data did not show any difference in the risk of death or barotrauma (indicating that there was no difference between the two groups) or in the number of ventilator-free days. The subgroup of the three trials that examined the effect of high-pEEP on mortality in the ICU showed a decreased risk of mortality, although it must be noted that in these studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels of blood flow to the brain. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main findings of the main results of the review indicate that high or very high PEEP, as compared with low levels, did not reduce mortality. The data also showed that high- or very low-parenteral PEEP had no effect on the amount of oxygenation, and the side effects of the PEEP treatment were not clear. This review indicates that the studies were of variable, and therefore must be viewed with some caution.
This is an update of the review published in 2010. We searched for new studies in February 2015. We found 42 randomised controlled trials (involving 11,399 patients) that met our inclusion criteria. We reran the search in February 2017 and found 23 new studies. We have not yet assessed the results of these new studies and will deal with those that have been added to a list of ‘Studies in progress' when we next update the review. Overall, there was an increase in the need for RRT in the HES group compared to the group treated with other fluids (19 studies, 9857 patients) and the risk of kidney failure (15 studies, 1361 patients). The RR of AKI based on the RFI test also showed an increased risk for AKI in people treated with HES. The risk of meeting urine output and creatinine based RRIFLE-R (low blood counts) was in contrast in favour of HES therapies (20 studies, 8769 patients). However, when we looked at the outcomes based on urine output based on how much urine patients leaked, we did not find evidence that HES was any more or less likely to have an AKI compared to other types of fluid. The RFI tests also showed that there was no evidence of a difference between HES and other forms of HCS in terms of how much or no AKI they caused, how much of urine they leaked or how often they leaked, and how many people had to be re-tested for the same length of time. This means that we do not know if HES is better or worse than other treatments for reducing AKI.
We searched for randomised studies that compared Rheum officinale with no treatment or with any other drug in patients with CKD. We found nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. We did not find any studies that were of high or high risk of bias. Seven of the nine studies were judged to be of high quality, and the other studies were of low or very low or moderate or both. The evidence is current to September 2013. The findings from the studies that are in this review show that, compared with no therapy or with captopril (an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) or an ACEi) inhibitor, RHEum had a positive (87.49 µmol/L) effect on SCr and BUN (10.61 mmol/L, 95% CI -19.45 to -2.21). There was no difference in the results for any of the other outcomes of BUN or all-cause death or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events (such as diarrhoea or cataract) were reported in the studies included in this update. There is currently not sufficient high- or high-or very low- or low-or low-quality data to support the use of RHEUM for the treatment of SCR/BUN levels in the long-term and we are unable to make any recommendations for its use in the short-term or medium-term.
We searched for evidence from randomised, double-blind, non-blinded, double blind, long-term randomised trials of the accuracy of IQCODE for selecting those at risk of Alzheimer's or other forms of dementia. We searched for studies up to July 2013. We found 13 papers, with data from 2745 individuals (51%) with dementia. Pooled results from all of these studies, using the cut-off of 3.3, showed that the test was accurate in the short term (six weeks or less) and the long term (more than three years). The test was not as good as either a short (16-item) or a 26-item test, in terms of accuracy or the use of the language used to give the test. The short-term accuracy of the test did not seem to affect how well the test worked, how well it worked in relation to other types of care, or how good it worked when it was given with the help of a counsellor or a physiotherapist. The longer-term reliability of the results of the tests is not clear, and so we do not know how well they work in the longer term. However, we do know that when the test is good, it can be used to assess whether someone is likely to die or not, and if they do not have dementia, then the test can help with deciding whether or not to take part in the care of those who do or do not.
We searched for studies up to May 2014. We found three RCTs with 91 participants that looked at whether any type of physical therapy is effective in reducing spasticity or improving upper limb function in adults with chronic stroke. All three of the studies were of 'low or very low quality. They looked at various types and intensities of treatment, so we were not able to pool their findings. Studies looked at a range of different types of therapy, so it was not possible to pool results. This means that we do not know many details about the best type of treatment for upper limb spasmodic spasia. We found 'low to very low-certainty evidence that task practice (mCIMT) is no more or less effective than non-treatable neurodevelopmental (psychosocial) treatments for reducing arm spasia in people who have had a stroke for more than six months. Also, we found'very low to low-evidence for reducing elbow range of movement (i.e. range of range of motion) and improving arm function (e.g. strength and speed of movement) in people with a stroke who had had sustained spasia for up to 14 weeks. There was 'low/very low-quality evidence for improvements in arm motor function and in arm function up to six months in both men and boys who had been in the upper limb for longer than 14 weeks (up to 12 weeks). There was no evidence for improvement in arm strength or range of movements in either men or boys. There was very low/low-quality data for changes in arm movement, strength or speed up to 12 months. This means that it is very hard to tell whether any of these changes are real or not. Further well-conducted, large-scale, well-designed studies are needed to find out if any of the three types of physical treatment are effective in the short-term and long-term.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of lamivudine and HBIg on HBV recurrences and side effects in adults with chronic HBV after liver transplation. We found four randomised controlled trials, with a total of 136 participants. All four of the trials were open-labelled, and none of them were large or of high quality. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised randomised studies for the treatment of patients with HBV in the short-term or long-term.
Searches identified 13,306 citations. Fifteen publications (1060 randomised participants) were included, with 1019 participants followed up from three months to 10 years. All studies had a high risk of bias. Sulphonylurea (compounds of the type R-SO2-NHCONH-; when R=Ph) has not been shown to be effective in type II with insulin, and so needs to be supplemented with other drugs. This is particularly true for long-term follow-up (12, 30, 36 and 60 months). In addition, there was evidence that su caused earlier (1.3 months) of HbA1c from baseline to end of the study, for insulin alone (mean change (95% CI) -2.4 to -0.1; four randomised trials, 12 trials, 36 or 60 months; 14 randomised studies; 14 non-randomised studies). There was no information about side effects.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 70 randomised controlled trials (44,958 participants) that looked at the effects of community-based programs on the prevention of alcohol misuse in adults (18 years or over) who were 18 years of age and were followed up for four or more months. We assessed the risk of bias in all but one of the studies, which had a high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) or imprecision (there was a chance that the results would turn out to be the same as the truth). We found evidence from 70 studies that showed that the community-wide practice of reducing the amount of alcohol in a group of 18 to 25 years old men and their female partners is no more or less than other types of students who have not received any help with managing the problem (whether they have received help from a trained counsellor, peer support, or have not). We also found that there is no clear effect on the number of men who dropped out of the trials, whether they received help with the problem or not, and whether they had to switch from one type of program to the other. However, there is some moderate- to low- to very low-to-very low-quality data that show that there are no clear differences between the groups. This means that we have moderate or very low confidence in the results. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted research in this area. This plain language summary is up to date as of April 2015.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found three trials with 492 adults who had received 530 THA for THA. One study (81 adults) looked at whether or not people had to take extra painkillers after their hip surgery was done. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group in the initial 12 postoperative months. We are not sure if providing additional painkillers before or after surgery helped people who had had a hip surgery to live for 12 months or more. We also do not know if providing more painkillers made people more or less satisfied with their surgery or how well they were able to function in their daily life. The other study (265 adults) compared people who received additional hip surgery with or without the use of equipment and restrictions on how much painkillers to take after surgery. This study did not measure pain, function, re-operation rates or total adverse events. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we were not able to tell whether providing additional postoperative painkillers around the time of surgery helped or not. We were also unable to tell if the extra hip surgery made people feel better after surgery or not, or whether it had any effect on the rate of re-operations or the need for painkillers. We did not find studies that looked at the cost of extra costs. The evidence presented in this review is of very low quality due to the risk of bias and imprecision of the results. This means that we are very uncertain as to how much or how much of an improvement we are able to make and how much we can make.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of LNG-IUD use in women with endometriosis. We found three RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is up to date as of September 2013. The trials showed that postoperative use of a low dose (25 µg/kg/day) of low-dose gonadotrophin-releasing hormones (GnRH) reduces the recurrences of pain after surgery. There was not enough evidence to say whether this reduction in pain was due to the use of other types of hormone agonists or whether it was caused by the fact that the medicine was not well-tolerated or not. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main weakness of the trials was imprecision, which means that the true results may be different from what this review shows.
We searched for studies up to March 2016. We found 24 studies, with 20 of these (20/24) having concerns about risk of bias. All of the studies looked at one or more aspects of food, such as how well the food was prepared, how much it was served, how good it was, and how good the quality of the study methods were. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, mostly in the USA (14/24). The majority of studies were done in laboratory settings, with adult participants (17/24), and used between-participants designs (19/24; 19/24 had between-group designs (16/24 with both men and boys). All were carried out in large-scale, well-conducted and well-reported studies. Six of the 24 randomised controlled trials looked at how much or how much different types of food or drink people were able to eat and drink. Eighteen studies examined how much of a change people could make to how much they ate and drank. Most of these changes were made to foods or drinks based on how far people could walk to get the food, how far they could drink up to, or for how long they had to wait for the food to be in order to get it (called the 'optimal' range). We found low- to very low-to-very low-certainty evidence that changes in how much food or drinks we ate and how far we drank up to five minutes led to changes in the amount of different foods or drink we ate or drank. This means that we have very low or very low certainty of the results. For example, for example, when we looked at three studies (154 people) we found a large reduction in the choice of the food(s) that we wanted to eat or drink. This was due to the fact that many of the people in the control groups knew which food they were getting, which may or may not have helped us to make the choice. For other types of foods, we found moderate-to very low quality evidence that people who were given less or no choice of whether to drink or eat more or more of those foods, or both, were more likely to drink more or less of the foods they were eating or drinking, and this may have led to change in how they chose the foods. People who were placed farther away from the place where the snack was placed (i.e. on a line) from the food (e.g. in a cup, cup or cup with a lid, a sleeve, or a sleeve) were more than twice as sure that they drank the food up to a certain amount of milk or juice, and were about half as certain that they did not drink as those who were put into a cup or a cup. We also found evidence that when a snack food or a drink was placed farther from where the product was placed, it led to little or no change in the number of drinks or drinks that were consumed. We did not find studies that looked at whether or not people liked the food or food that they were consuming, or whether they were satisfied with what they were receiving. We judged this evidence to be of very low to low certainty.
We searched for randomised studies that examined the effects of giving antiretroviral drugs to people who had been exposed to HIV for more than four weeks to see if they were able to get rid of the virus. We found only one study that addressed this question. This study found that the use of zidovudine, a drug that blocks the spread of HIV, has not been shown to work as well as other drugs that can be used to try to get the virus to come back or that decrease the risk of death. Adherence to and complications with PEP are higher with a three-drug regimen, especially with indavir (a drug used to help the immune system to fight off the virus). The use of a four-week regimen of PEP should be done as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk that the virus comes back or the amount of HIV reduced in the blood.
The aim of this review was to find out if there is any evidence for the effectiveness of this type of treatment. Behavioural treatment has been available for many years but has not been widely used, so there is a great need for good quality, well-conducted research in this area. The results of this Cochrane Review show that although CBT has been used for a long time and has been found to have some effects on some aspects of pain, mood and mood, there is not much data on the effects of the content of the treatment. The quality of the trials has improved over time but the size of the effects has not. The authors of the review conclude that there is currently no good-to-very low- to very low-certainty evidence for effectiveness in this field.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (a type of experiment in which participants are assigned to one of two or more groups using a random method) that aimed to change the amount of salt in the food or salt in their food that people eat. We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 15 randomised trials, with more than 260,000 participants, that met our inclusion criteria. Ten of these studies, with 64,798 participants, were able to give data that could be used in this review. Five of these showed a decrease in salt in people’s salt intake from the start of the trial up to the end of the study. The other studies showed no evidence of a change. For men, five studies (Austria, China, Finland, France, the USA) showed a reduction in salt intake up to and up to three months after the study, but did not show a change in salt use. For women, three studies showed an increase in salt levels in the blood from the time of the intervention up to four months to three years after the intervention (but not after) and two showed no change. In both the USA and the UK, the increase was due to changes in the way the trial was done. In the USA, the change was achieved with help from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), while in the UK and the USA it was achieved without any help. We did not find studies that looked at the effects of other types of interventions, such as changes in how much salt people ate, how much or how often they drank, or how much of salt they took, so that they did not have to take extra salt. None of the studies looked at whether changes in dietary salt in foods were maintained over time. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias of the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2014. We found seven RCTs, but only three had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the research was done). The other studies had a cross-over design (where one drug is given first, then swapped over to the other drug) and were of either low or very low quality. We were able to combine data from three of the studies, which showed that: 1. Amitriptyline (three studies), clonidine (one study), propranolol (one trial), levodopa (Prolopa®) and tryptophan (one randomised study) were no more or less effective than a fake medicine (placebo) for reducing the number of people who had a bruxism (0.28 (95% CI -0.91 to 0.34) or a masseteric electrocardioselector (EMG) test (18%) per minute. 2. Bromocriptine compared with placebo was found to be no more effective in reducing the amount of movement of the head of the skull compared with a sham medicine. 3. clondidine compared with sham medicine for reducing number of Bruxism episodes (2.00 (95%, 95%CI -53.47 to 49.47) or number of episodes with noise (24.00 to 28.80) per hour). 4. levodopo compared with fake medicine for number of bruxic electromyogram tests. 5. Tryptopo versus placebo for duration of treatment with corticosteroids and corticostimulants. 6. RCTS of other drugs were not included in this review. These drugs have not been shown to be any more than a few years old, so we do not know whether they have been used in children or adults. The evidence is current to April 2014.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 10 randomised trials with 1015 participants that assessed the benefits and harms of immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids for immunocompetent CIDP. We assessed some of these as being at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the research was done) and some of the evidence was of low- or very low-certainty due to shortcomings in the methods used in the conduct of the trials. We were not able to tell whether the use of an immunonutraction formula or additional supplements led to a decrease in the risk of death or all-cause death in the short or long term (longer than six months). We were also unable to tell how much of an improvement we found in some outcomes (e.g. quality of life and lung function) and whether there were any differences in the number of deaths or side effects. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of adding omega-2 fatty acids to other types of supplements (eg. eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenosic acid or gamma-linolenic acid). We found no studies that examined the effect of giving extra supplements to people who were already receiving these types of fatty acids, so we do not know whether this was beneficial or not. Overall, we found no evidence for or against the usefulness of giving additional supplements to patients who were receiving immunonutrients as a part of the diet.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at whether one method was better than any other method. We found 33 RCTs, which were published up to July 2013. The evidence produced from these 33 studies was of very low or very low quality. This meant that we were not able to draw any conclusions about the impact of the methods used in the studies. We were able to combine the findings from six of the 33 studies, which suggested that more severe, bothersome, or otherwise clinically relevant AEs were only identified when an initial open question was used, while some less severe, and/or more relevant, AEs only reported when a subsequent specific topic was identified. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs are only detected when an interview is conducted, while other studies did not find a change in the nature of AEs between the study methods. No conclusions could be made about the effect of this method on whether or not there was a difference between study groups. This was due to the wide range of methods used and the low quality of the studies used in this review. This means that we are uncertain as to how well the studies were done. We believe that there is a need for more research in this area. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of March 2014.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We identified 582 records from the databases and searched for all of them in a wide range of formats. We found 10 further records by searching other sources. We searched for randomised trials that assessed whether or not people with epileptic seizures were able to tell whether they had been treated with antiepileptic drugs or not. We also searched for evidence about how often or for how long people with seizures were monitored for signs of GTCS and how often they had to be re-tested (called nocturnal supervision). We found very low-to-very low-certainty evidence that the use of a listening device or a device to check whether a child or adult was in the same bed for the night (known as a 'watchman' or 'watchful' for the signs of a seizure (see Cochrane Schizophrenia), or both) prevented the onset of seizures in people with epilepsy. This effect was found when a supervising person and their care-provider were in bed and when they shared the same bedroom or when some other type of device or device was used to check if a child was in bed (e.g. a computerised tomography (CT) or sonogram (X-ray) of the epileptopoietin). This finding was not found when we looked at the risk of death or change in the severity of seizures; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and the amount of time people spent in the hospital; or money spent; or changes in the length of time it took for a person to return to work. We did not find evidence that any of the other interventions used to help with the onset or recurrence of seizures or the same amount of seizure control were effective. This means that we do not know how well they work. More research is needed to find out whether any of these are effective. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low to very low. This was due to problems with the way some studies were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the use of autogenic drainage in adults with cystic fibrosis to clear mucus from the airways. We found seven RCTs, of which one was of a cross-over design (where one group of people in the control group received the autogenic drain and the other group received a sham drain). The age of participants ranged from seven to 63 years with a wide range of severity of their disease. Six of the studies were of a parallel design with the other six being of a 'cross-over' design. The studies lasted from four days to two years. The main outcomes of the review were forced expiratory volume in a second (how much air a person can breathe out in one breath) in the short term (i.e. the length of time it took for a breath to pass in and out of the airway) and the amount of sputum in the blood that has to be drained (known as postural drainage). None of the trials looked at the effects of any other form of airway clearance. All of the evidence from the studies we found was of low or very low quality. This means that we have very little confidence in the results and that it is not clear whether autogenic drains are more or less effective than other types of airways clearance or whether they are better or worse in terms of side effects. The evidence in this review is up to date to September 2013.
Twenty-five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review, of which 22 of these (1060 participants) contributed data to meta-analyses. Based on 13 studies, we found that, when CBT was used as the treatment for GAD, it was more likely than TAU/WL to achieve a good response (i.e. a decrease in the symptoms of GAD) at post-treatment, and also in reducing anxiety, worry and depression. However, the results were not the same in the longer term (over six months). This means that we can draw no conclusions about the effect of CBT on GAD in the long term or about whether it is better to use CBT with other types of psychosocial treatment. The body of data suggests that, although CBT is effective in the short term in terms of the short-term and long-term, it does not seem to be as good as other forms of treatment. This is due to the fact that, for many of the outcomes, such as quality of life, there were problems with the way in which the studies were done, or how well the CBT worked, that made it hard to tell whether or not it was good to use it. Further research is needed to find out whether CBT can be used as a treatment option in GAD.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials (where people taking part in the trial have an equal chance of receiving the progestogen or placebo) or sham (placebo) group. We found 12 randomised trials (involving 1,856 women). The trials were done in India, Jordan, the USA and the UK. The length of treatment ranged from four weeks to 12 months. The trials had a mix of women who had had three or more miscarriages and those who had not (called 'three or more' or'six or 12' miscarriages. In five of the trials (1684 women) women had had two or more, and in the other trials (seven trials) the number of miscarriages was seven or more. The duration of treatment varied across the trials. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The review of trials found that there may be a reduction in the risk of miscarriage for women who have had a few miscarriages in the past five years with the use of progestogens compared to those who have not (10 trials, 1684 women). However, the size of the reduction was not very large. A subgroup of 10 randomised controlled trials, which were more than 20 years old, showed no clear differences between groups for miscarriage. None of the studies looked at any of the other outcomes that are known to women and their care-providers, such as quality of life, occurrence of thromboembolic events (such as blood clots in the limbs or in the joints), and haematopoietin (a blood clot in the urine), or the length of time it took for a child to be born (known as a peri-menstruation). The review found no clear difference between groups in terms of adverse events. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for all of the outcomes that we looked at. This means that we can be fairly sure that the true results are close to what we found.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 14 studies with 1298 pregnant women with use of psychosocial interventions. Nine of these (704 women) looked at the effects of community-based treatment versus usual care, and five studies (594 women) examined the effect of providing treatment as part of a drug-free program. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of psycho-behavioural interventions. For the most part, it was not clear if studies were well conducted. We assessed risk of bias in the study methods, such as how women were assigned to treatment groups, how participants were randomised to receive treatment or not, and how participants and their care-providers were blinded to the group to which treatment group each group was assigned. The evidence presented is up to date as of April 2015. The findings from studies that did look at whether or not there was a change in the risk of pre-term birth or in the number of women who dropped out of treatment due to side effects were mixed. For women who did not use drugs, there was no change in preterm birth rates (three trials, 264 women), birth rates at birth or at birthweight (two trials, 217 women), or low birth weight (one trial, 160 women). The results did show that neonates remained in hospital for less than 10 days after birth in women who received treatment as well as in those who received usual care. There was no difference in the numbers of mothers who were still using drugs at the end of treatment (nine trials, 743 women, low or very low and three trials, 367 women). These results held for both CM and MIB combined. The results showed that there were no differences in the chances of the baby being born preterm or of a low birthweight or a high birth weight in any of the groups that did or did not take part in the treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all of the outcomes. This means that the true results may be quite large, and that it is difficult to tell whether one treatment is better than the other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the transradial approach with the transfemoral approach. We found 31 RCTs (44 reports) with 27,071 participants. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The transradia approach may reduce short-term net adverse events (i.e. blood in the urine and up to 30 days of follow-up) and death in the short term (4 to 72 hours after the operation, or both) as well as the risk of all-cause death and death due to all causes in the long term. The use of a transfradial method may be associated with a lower risk of death or death caused by all causes, but with a higher risk of bleeding. The quality of evidence was high for the short- and long-term outcomes, and was moderate for the need for blood transfusion, and low or very low for the other outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed palliative care for people with advanced dementia. We searched for RCTs up to March 2017. We found only two RCT data that met our inclusion criteria. We did not pool data due to differences in the types of interventions and the settings used. The evidence from these studies was of very low certainty. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. One RCT (99 participants) looked at the effect of a paliferative care team for an acute illness. This trial found that a palliverative care plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group, but the plan was based on data from just one trial. This study found no difference in the risk of death or the need for forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation (the use of a machine to assist with oxygenation of the lungs) in either the intervention or the control group. However, the evidence was very low-certainty. The other RCT looked at a decision aid for decision-makers of nursing home care. This RCT also found no evidence that the decision aid had an effect on mortality, decisions to forgo heart or lung resuscitation in the hospital or the care that was provided in the ICU or ICU (or both), or on the number of people who were admitted to hospital with an adverse event (such as a heart attack or stroke. The decision aid did not seem to have an impact on the length of time that patients were in hospital or on quality of life. We also looked for evidence about the impact of decision-making for the decision-maker of the care provided. This was also not clear. This review found very low quality evidence for the effectiveness of palliatives for the care of adults with advanced Alzheimer's or Alzheimer's disease. This is due to the very low reliability of the evidence. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted, large-scale, high-quality studies to assess the effects of different types of preliverative treatment for the management of this group of people with Alzheimer's and Alzheimer's.
This review of three well-conducted randomised randomised trials, which included 1166 women with breast cancer, did not find any difference in the risk of recurrence or survival for the two types of treatment. However, there was an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis (blood in the urine) in the group of women who had CT (where white blood cells are pumped around the body) before and after treatment. This may have been due to the fact that the tumour was not getting any better or worse with treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found nine RCTs involving a total of 622 adults who were overweight or obese. The RCTS were conducted in the community and had a short-term (12 to 16 weeks) follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with a control group that did not have any CrP. The other trials did not state whether CrP was given or not. We focused on the review on the effects of CrP on body weight and body mass index. We did not find evidence that CrP helped people to lose weight or change body weight. However, we found some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data that suggested that some CrP doses may help people lose weight. This means that we do not know if CrP works in people who are obese. We also found some evidence that people who took CrP had weight loss of 1.1 kg or more in the short term (mean change (MD) -0.001; 95% CI -1.7 to -00.4). We found no evidence that one CrP dose was more effective than the other. There was also no evidence to show that one dose was better than another. There were also no firm results for body weight loss or for any of the other outcomes that we were looking at (body mass index, percentage of body fat, change in waist circumference). Only three of the nine included trials had information on side effects (low-quality evidence). There were significant dropouts in about half of those who took 1000 µg CrP, and one in about one third of people who did not take it, and these dropouts caused by side effects that were not serious or that resulted in no change in body weight or body fat. There is currently no good-quality data to show whether or not CrP can help people with weight loss in the long term.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 11 studies with a total of 886 adults who had had a haemorrhoidectomy for any type of surgery. These studies looked at a range of different types of surgery, such as the skin (wound, vein or vein) or the skin surface (i.e. the skin or skin surface of the skin) of the wound (e.g. scales or gauze). We found that there is some evidence that some types of iodine preparations (such as a honey-soaked gauze or a plain mesh dress) may help to speed up wound healing. There is no clear evidence that any of these preparations have an effect on the length of time it takes for the wound to heal. There may also be a reduction in the time to heal of open wounds when treated with Triclosan (an antiseptic cream) post-operation compared with a normal saline hypochlorite (salt solution). However, there was no clear benefit in terms of the amount of time that the wound healed. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-quality evidence that sucralfate cream (a type of antiseptic cream) may speed up healing of foot abscesses in people with diabetes who have had a hysterectomy (an open wound that has not healed at all). There was also some evidence of a decrease in the number of days in which the wound was left to heal, but not in how long, in the honey group. However, these findings were based on only one small study that had 43 participants and so they are of low or very low quality. There were no clear results for other than the reduction in time to healing of wound wounds. This means that we are uncertain whether these results are true or not. We also found no clear findings for the use of other types of dressings that can be used to dress wounds such as dressings made from the patient's own skin or a mesh dress. This is also a subject that requires further research.
We searched for randomised studies that compared the use of amniocentesis to use of other types of treatment or a 'placebo' (or a 'blind' (pretend) study. We found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 1049 women. Three of these studies were about the effects of adding an intramuscular progestin to the usual caesarean section for amniotic fluid and the other three were about making changes in the way the operation was done. We did not find any evidence that any of the three types of interventions used in the trials were helpful in terms of reducing the amount of amnial fluid lost during the course of the procedure. The same applies to terbutaline tocolysis and use of a continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of the trials was not high. This was due to the lack of clear evidence and the fact that many of the studies were of low or very low quality. This means that we are uncertain as to how well they were done and that it is difficult to tell whether some of the changes made during the CVS were of benefit.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 10 randomised and non-RCTs that looked at the effects of adding folic acid or other micronutrients to foods on the risk of having a baby with spina bifida or encephalocoele (i.e. brain injury or death), or both. We also found three non-randomised and six RCTs looking at the effect of adding folate or folate to foods. The trials were conducted in both high-income and low-income countries. The mean age of women in the trials ranged from 23 to 36 years. The majority of the women were men, and the mean gestational age was 38 weeks. Most of the evidence was of very low-certainty due to risk of bias, which means that we have very low or low confidence in the results. Women who were given folic acids alone or with other vitamins had not been shown to have a lower risk of the tube defects or anencephaly (collapsed skull or eretrasound. They had higher levels of erythrocyte folate and folate in their blood compared to those given with no folate. In one non-rCT, wheat flour fortified with folic acetonide and other vitamins (folic acid and pyrtefosin A and B) was found to be more effective than unfortified flour. There was no difference between groups in terms of the rate of the tubes defects or the need for surgery to insertions. However, this result was based on a very low quality, low- or low-quality evidence. The quality of the included studies was low or very low, so we are very uncertain about the size of the effect. The overall, we found that there is a need for good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale randomised controlled trials to assess the benefits and harms of taking folate supplements.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials up to July 2013. We found six randomised studies that assessed the effects of screening for cystic fibrosis through X-rays or other tests. We analysed data from two of these, which included 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years. We were able to pool data from one of these studies, but data from the other trials was not available to use in this review. The results showed that, at age seven, 88% of screened neonates and 75% of those not screened had lung function tests that were within the range of at least 89% predicted. The odds ratio of weight above the ten percent range was 4.12 (95% CI 1.64 to 10.38) for weight and for height (4.62 cm) in the screened and unscreened groups and 4.62 kg (14.5 lb) for height in the control group. At age 17 years, 33% of the screened group had a chest X-ray score of 0.097 and 25% of controls had a Brasfield (i.e. a type of x-ray that records the amount of oxygen in the blood) test (0.042). Over time, the rate of lung cancer was worse in screened infants than in the group not screened. This was the same in both screened groups, but not by as much as in the other groups. In screened infants, colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa (a type of organism that can colonise the colonic blood) occurred later than in those who were not screened, although this may have been due to confounding factors in the long-term lung prognosis of people with CF. The quality of the trials was moderate to high. Screening appears to be less cost-effective.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found five trials, recruiting 7314 adults and with an mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (4734 adults) looked at 'lower' (< 120 mmHg) or'standard' systolic blood blood pressure target in 4731 adults. This study showed that aiming for a 'low blood pressure' (with a blood pressure of less than or very low blood pressure) for at least four weeks with a diastolic blood pressure (the 'gold standard' of the treatment) for people with high blood pressure. People who were assigned to lower blood pressures achieved the 'target' amount of blood they needed to do so with less risk of stroke. This was achieved with the use of more antihypertensives (e.g. aspirin and diaphragm) and with the addition of more drugs (calcium channel blockers and anticholinergics). There was no difference in the number of deaths or strokes in the group that achieved this target, but there was a reduction in the risk of having a stroke. There was no information about whether this was due to chance (that is, chance being the play of chance) or due to the fact that the decision to lower the blood pressure was made to reduce the blood pressures based on chance (i.e. by chance alone). This means that in the case of chance, the choice of the target amount to use, which drug to use and how much blood to use could also have been made by chance. This means that there is a chance that the right number of blood transfusions and the right amount of drugs to use in order to achieve this target. There were no data about whether the best way to keep the blood flow to the brain was to use. There were no trials that looked at whether the blood blood pressures were increased or not. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted randomised trials to look at the effects of 'low' and'very low' blood pressures in the long term in people with diabetes. This plain language summary is up to date as of 4 April 2015.
This review found that non-removable casts healed more of the plantar foot ulcers than dressings alone. Non-removal of the ulcer required surgery, and more ulcers healed in the long term in those treated with these devices than in those that did not need to be fixed to the skin.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at whether any non-medicine-based non-pharmally-delivered psychosocial intervention (such as a self-help book or peer support) could reduce the risk of cognitive loss. We found five RCTs (involving 235 women with breast cancer) that met our criteria for the inclusion in the review. All five of the studies had a high risk of bias (that is, there is a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and were carried out over a long period of time. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to pool data for our main outcome of interest, which was to assess whether or not people with cancer who had received a non-psychosocial treatment had improved in terms of mental and physical well-being. However, we found some low- to very low-to-very low-quality evidence that suggested that some non-drug interventions may have the potential to reduce the risks of or ameliorate cognitive loss after cancer treatment. We assessed the quality of the evidence using GRADE and judged it to be of low or very low quality. This means that our findings are likely to be close to the truth, but are based on only a limited amount of evidence. Larger, multicentre, large-scale, well-conducted studies, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. daily living) are required in order. There is a need to conduct research in this area.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, long-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effects of chlorpromazine and piperacetazine for schizophrenia. We found five RCTs, all from the 1970s, with a total of 343 participants. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of other antipsychotic drugs. Only short-term (short-term) data were available. The results of this review show both drugs may have the same efficacy, but data were based on very small numbers of participants and the quality of the evidence was very low. We were not able to draw any firm conclusions based on such data. Chlorpromazine appears to be no worse or more effective than picacetazine in terms of mental state or side-effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants had some sort of side-effect (see Cochrane Schizophrenia, RETHINK, MEDLINE or EMBASE). In addition, around 40% of people in both groups had some movement disorders (such as tremors or convulsions), with a higher rate in the treatment groups. No clear difference in the rates of leaving the study early from the treatment group compared with the control group. No evidence was found for change in the rate of side effects or change in costs to the health system. The findings of this Cochrane Cochrane Review are limited by the very low- or low-quality of the data and the fact that we were unable to find any evidence from randomised studies that could tell us whether or not they were different. This means we are very uncertain as to which drug is the best for people with schizophrenia.
This is a Cochrane review and the aim was to determine whether the use of colorectal stent is beneficial or harmful. This review includes five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants, 102 in the stent group and 105 in the emergency surgery group. The use of a stent reduced the length of time it took for a colonic stent to work (from 0.66 day to 3.55 days) and the number of deaths (2.3% in both groups) during the 30 days after insertion. There was no difference in the 30-day death rate in the two groups. The stent placement was successful in 86.02% of the planned stent placements and in 5.88% of those that were placed. The complication rate was 39.22% in the colic sture group and 45.71% in emergency surgery. The mean operation time (11.53 days) was 17.15 days in the Staphylococcus aureus group and 113.93 minutes in the intervention group compared to 143.85 hours in the non-stent group. This was the same for both stent- and emergency surgery-groups. The average blood loss (50 ml perforation) was 35 ml in the group that had a sture and 350 ml in that group that was not stured. The need for blood tests to check blood levels after stent insertion (e.g. coloscopy or X-ray) was similar between groups. There were no deaths in either group at 30 days or at 12 weeks. The length of follow-up (up to 12 weeks) was also the same between groups, as was the time taken for tests to see if there were any differences in the need for further stents or need for a repeat stent. The quality of the trials was moderate to high. The main conclusions of the review are based on data from only five of the five trials. This means that we can draw no firm conclusions as to the usefulness of stents as a treatment for colic colic obstruction.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to April 2015. We found nine RCTs (1867 women) that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were of very low to moderate risk of bias for all comparisons. The evidence suggests that, compared with no treatment or a fake medicine (placebo), human albumin or mannitol may reduce the risk of OHSS in high risk women with PCOS. There was no evidence of an increase in OHSS with the use of HES, but there may have been some imprecision (i.e. not enough data). There was some very low-to-very low-quality evidence that HES may decrease the chance of having OHSS, but the results were very imprecise. There were no studies that looked at the effect of mannrol on OHSS so we do not know if this has an effect on pregnancy rates. We did not find evidence that giving HES had an impact on adverse events (e.g. low blood counts, low sperm counts, infertility) or on the need for OHSS to stop or stop OHSS. We were not able to assess the quality of the evidence for all of the other outcomes that we looked at. The main limitations of the studies were poor reporting of the methods, and failure to blind women and staff to the treatment they received.
We searched for randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled studies that looked at the effects of sclerotherapy for varicose veins. We found 10 studies involving 484 patients. There was no evidence that any one sclerosant was better than any other, but there was some evidence that patients were less satisfied with sclerotherapy than with placebo. There did not seem to be an increase in patient quality of life or pain with any scleroscopy. There may have been flaws in the conduct of the trials that could have led to imprecision. We did not find evidence from randomised studies that sclerostimulants were more or less effective than other types of saline, or that they were better tolerated than other kinds of saline. Some of the sclerotic drugs, such as polidocanol and tetradecyl sulfate, may have caused side-effects that were not severe. These side effects can be very painful to take, so the use of these drugs should not be recommended.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effect of any type of medicine or drug on death or arrhythmias in adults with CIDP. We found no RCTs that looked at the effects of medicines or drugs on any of these outcomes. This is because many of the studies included in this review did not report enough data to be sure whether or not the medicine helped. Some medicines, such as salbutamol or metered-dose inhaled inhalers (MDI) can be used to improve levels of potassium in the blood. These medicines have not been shown to be effective in the long-term and need to be used with care as they may cause some side effects. For this Cochrane Review, we found that some of the medicines used in conjunction with a nebulizer (such as bicarbonate) or a metered dose inhaler can help to improve blood potassium levels in the short-term. However, many of these medicines also cause side effects and so they should not be used widely in the first few days of a course of treatment. For these medicines, the review authors recommend that new, well-conducted studies should be done to find out whether they are effective.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi-randomised studies, quasi-analyses and quasi-meta-analysas. Antibiotics are often used to treat clots in the catheters and so-called "catheter thrombosis", which can result in blood clots forming in the venous veins of the heart or the lungs (the veins supplying blood to the lungs). Antibiotic-based antimicrobials such as heparin or pimecrolimus are used to seal the CVC and are thought to reduce the risk of clots (thrombotic events) in these types of CVCs. This Cochrane Review summarised 39 RCTs, enrolling 4216 participants, that looked at the effects of giving or not giving antibiotics (antibiotics or non-antibiotic) for the closure of a CVC for high-flow catheter. Antimiotics were used in 15 of the 39 studies, which were of high-certainty in terms of the amount of blood lost (catheters thrombin or not) or clots, as well as in 21 studies that were of low or unclear risk of bias (so-called 'blinded' (so called 'non-blinded'). Antibials used in the other studies were of very low or very low confidence in the results, which means that we cannot be very confident in the size of the effects. The evidence is up to date as of December 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared pre-emptive therapy with placebo or standard care in adults with CMV. We found 15 RCTs with 1098 participants. Of these, six looked at the effects of pre-epirubicin (a drug used to treat CMV) when the first signs of CMV occurred, eight looked at preemptive and prophylactic therapy, and one looked at oral and intramuscularly giving treatment. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. The trials showed that, when given to adults who have not had CMV for a long time, giving the drug to them before the first CMV rash (leucopenia) can help to avoid the recurrence of the CMV in the first few days after receiving the drug. There was no clear difference in the risk of recurrences or death due to CMV, but there was some imprecision between the groups treated with the drug and those who were not. There were no clear differences in the risks of graft loss, acute rejection or all-cause death, but this was based on only six out of the 15 studies that looked at this type of study. The quality of the evidence was considered to be moderate to high. This means that our findings are likely to be close to what we think is the truth, while the rest of the data were of low or very low risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of sweet potato for type 2 diabetes mellitus up to July 2013. We found three RCTs that investigated a total of 140 participants and ranged from six weeks to five months in duration. All three of these trials were conducted by the same trialist. The trials did not look at whether or not there were any side effects or whether any of the preparations were safe. Overall, the risk of bias of the trials was unclear or high. The studies did not find any evidence for the effectiveness of sweetpotato preparations in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Adverse effects were reported in all three studies, and all three trials found no major side effects. There were no deaths or morbidity, death from any cause, quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs. However, due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether sweetpotero had any effect on any of these outcomes. Therefore, we suggest that there should be more research in this area.
We searched for evidence from randomised, cross-over, and long-term randomised studies that assessed the effects of breathing techniques in adults with cystic fibrosis. We found 19 studies, of which five (192 participants) met our inclusion criteria. The age of the people in the trials ranged from six to 63 years. However, there were only five of the studies with follow up of one to three years. The 14 other studies were short-term (no more than three years) and did not follow up people for very long, so could not be included in the meta-analysis. Most of the trials did not report on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an approach called 'optimal risk of bias' that aimed to avoid bias. Due to the nature of the intervention, and the fact that many of the participants knew whether they were in the treatment group or not, we were not able to assess whether the results were the same in the groups of people who did or did not get the same amount of follow up. In 13 studies, the follow up lasted just one day. In five studies, with data from eight different comparators, we found that the breathing technique used in the airway oscillation group (autogenic drainage) was comparable with other treatments, such as other types of chest physiotherapy, and there was no evidence to show that it was better or worse in terms of quality of life, lung function, or oxygenation. There was also no difference in the number of lung flare-ups (flare-ups) of the lungs (exacerbations) that occurred during the course of the study. The choice of whether to use an autogenic drainage or an airway vibrator was based on a wide range of factors, including age, type of lung disease, and whether people were as good as or as bad as they were with other therapies. Preference of the choice of the treatment varied, and more people who used the autogenic drain were more comfortable with the active cycle of breathing technique than those who used a high frequency oscillator. Overall, there was not enough evidence to support or reject the use of this type of treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared brief co-incubation with standard insemination in infertile women undergoing IVF. We found eight RCTs with 733 women in total that were relevant to this topic. The evidence is up to date as of September 2013. The low quality of the evidence showed that, for live birth rate, there was an increase in the chances of a live birth if the sperm and oocytes were co-co-injected with short-term sperm (no more than 24 hours) but no difference in the chance of miscarriage. For the miscarriage rate, however, there were more miscarriages in three of the three trials (with 372 women) that assessed this. There was no difference between the groups in terms of miscarriage rate. The quality of evidence was low for both live birth and miscarriage rate because of the lack of data and the low number of events.
We found five randomised studies, recruiting a total of 694 newborns, that assessed the effects of long-term follow-up (more than 24 hours) on the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia and death. We found that a long time on a ventilator led to an increase in air leak and death in the first few days after birth (from 1.5 to 8.8 weeks). There was no difference in the occurrence of BPD. Longer ventilators tended to cause more air leaks and deaths (from about 1.26 to 1.59 breaths per minute, or 1.7 to 2.4 breaths perminute, or 2.3 to 3.5 breaths per minutes, or both), but this did not result in a reduction in BPD or in the rate of death before discharge from the neonatal nursery. Infants who were ventilated for longer periods of time were more likely to have a leak in their lung and need to be ventilated with a short length of time. This finding was not found in modern neonatal intensive care, which is now the gold standard of care.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared TFU with no TFU in people with cancer. We found 33 RCTs that met our criteria, with 5110 participants. We were able to pool results from eight of the eight meta-analyses in this review, but five of these studies had considerable variation in their results. This makes it very hard to draw reliable conclusions. The evidence from the studies we found, overall, does not support the effectiveness of TFU. However, some studies found that the TFU had favourable effects for some outcomes, and overall the findings show that TFU may be able to improve some aspects of cancer care. There is a great deal of variation in the way in which TFU is done. Many different outcomes have been assessed in these studies, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Due to differences in the methods used in the studies, we were unable to pool the results of many of the studies. This means that we were not able to combine the findings of many studies. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi-randomised trials and quasi-blinded studies (where people taking part in the trial have an equal chance of being in the intervention or the comparison group) that looked at the effects of a range of measures to help people to keep a test in place. We found 38 relevant RCTs. For 34 of the 34 trials, people who took part were not able to stop the test from being carried out. For four of the trials, the number of participants remaining in the study was the same whether they took part or not. This means that we do not know if the people in the trials were keeping the test or not, whether they were keeping it up to date or whether it was just a 'blind trial' (where neither they nor the researchers knew what group they were in). For four trials, participants who did not take part were able to keep the test in position to take part. For the other trials, there were other types of measures that may help keep people taking the test, such as the use of a self-help tool (which is written in a glossary form) to help them take the test. For example, using a selfhelp tool to help patients take their test may help people take their tests seems to help a lot more with the test than a self help tool. There was no good evidence that the addition of a 'non-monetary incentive' (e.g. a gift card), an 'enhanced' (i.e. extra) post, additional post or a 'post-and-help leaflet (which may or may not be included in the review) helped to keep patients' participation in the test and help them to keep it in place (whether or not they took their tests or not). There was also no evidence that a phone survey or a questionnaire was more or less effective than a non-monometric incentive and a questionnaire. The evidence that shorter questionnaires were better than longer questionnaires was not clear. The quality of the included trials was moderate to high. The main reasons for this were that many of the studies had flaws in their conduct or design, or both, that could have led to overestimation of the results. As our findings are based on only one large, well-conducted and well-reported trial, we need to know more about the true effect of some of the measures used to help participants to keep their tests in place and keep them quiet.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found eight RCTs that compared pLMA with cLMA. We identified six cross-over (cross-over) studies; one has not yet been published. We included eight studies with a total of 829 adults (416 and 413 participants in the pL MA and clMA groups). We did not find any studies that compared the use of either device with any other type of airway device. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of the amount of oxygenation or the need for ventilator support because there were very few events (no events) in either study arm. We assessed the quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by the GRADE assessment, as we found low- to very low-certainty data. This means that we have very low confidence in the results, and that we are uncertain whether one device is better than the other. The main findings of the review are that there is no evidence to support or disprove the usefulness of any type of device in reducing the rate of failure to ventilate or oxygenation. However, we found some low-to-very low-quality evidence that showed that peak airway pressure was lower in participants who used a laryngoscopes than in those who did not use them. The evidence for other outcomes, such as oropharyngeal leak, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgation, cough, coughing, and excessive leak was of low or very low quality. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2015. We found 19 RCTs, with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous version of this Cochrane Review. Fourteen of the trials looked at children who had RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders, and five studies looked at the effects of low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharides and ten MONOSACcharides), disaccharide and polyols diets. The mean age at the start of the trial ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. The trials recruited children aged between four and 18 years from eight countries. The studies fell into four groups: (1) probiotics given with probiotics; (2) fibre-based interventions; (3) high- and low-fODMAPs; (4) low- and high-folic acid diets; (5) a high-dose probiotics and a low-dose of placebo; and (6) fructose-restricted (high-dose) diet. The evidence from the 19 trials showed that probiotics were more likely to improve pain in the short-term (i.e. up to three months after treatment) than a fake medicine (placebo). There was also a reduction in pain at the same time point in the probiotics group compared with the fake medicine group. There was no difference between groups in terms of side-effects or deaths. However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low- or very low-certainty due to the lack of data and the risk of bias of the included trials. Probiotics did not seem to help children with RAP and were no more or less likely to have diarrhoea or bloation in the long-term. The quality of the evidence was low to very low.
We searched for studies up to March 2014. We found 22 randomised trials, with 4490 participants. All of the 22 studies had outcomes that could be analysed, and 19 of them had results we could use. The findings from the five randomised, high-risk-of-bias (i.e. with a high risk of bias) studies (reported in 1196 participants) were mixed, and we were not able to tell whether the effects of mass media were more or less than other types of studies. The results from the 19 trials (with 3176 participants) that looked at how much of a change people in the groups of people with schizophrenia who received mass media reported were mixed. The studies were very heterogeneous, with many aspects that could make it hard to draw firm conclusions. Our findings suggest that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in reducing prejudice, and that they may be as good as other kinds of interventions. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the main findings for the outcomes of bias and bias, and was very low or low for other outcomes. This means that we have very low to very low confidence in the size of the effect, and therefore no firm conclusions can be drawn.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 85 studies, which took place in 41 countries. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women; 17 of these looked at the views of health providers; 22 of these examined the experiences of both women and their views of both health providers. Eight of the studies were conducted in the USA, 18 in the UK and 15 in the rest of the world. The majority of studies were carried out in high-income or middle-income countries, with one study in low-income, and the others were in rural, urban and semi-urban settings. The evidence produced in this Cochrane review indicates that the quality of the evidence for the use of ANC is high. This is due to the fact that many of the findings are based on just a few low- or very low-certainty evidence, which means that we have very low or moderate confidence in the results. For instance, for example, for some of the outcomes, we found high- or high-quality studies that explored the role of the health provider in the provision of ANC. For other aspects of the review, the evidence was of moderate or high confidence. This means that our conclusions are close to what we thought was the truth, while for other aspects, we were very uncertain about the size of the true effect. For example, we think that for some outcomes, such as how much money the provider paid, the fees, or how long it took for them to pay them, there is a lot of money to do so. We think that staff need to be trained to do their job well, to make sure that they do not get paid for the service, and to take the time they need to do it, so that they can give the best amount of help when they need it. Whether they continue to use ANC for the first time, or not, depends on how well they are able to provide the service and when they first get the first chance to use it. This depends on the amount of time and money they have to do, and on how good the care they can be at giving it. The strength of the decision for whether to use or not and how much they think it is worth doing so is a key part of good-life for mothers and their babies.
The aim of this review was to find out whether giving oral nimodipine reduced the risk of poor outcome after aneurysmal SAH. Sixteen randomised trials, with 3361 patients, were included in the review. Three of the 16 trials, which were more than 20 years old, looked at the long-term efficacy and side effects of this treatment. Calcium antagonists were found to be effective in reducing the occurrence of secondary ischaemia and the need for blood transfusion. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large randomised, high-dose, double-blind, placebo-controlled randomised controlled study. Calciferol and pyrteic acid were not shown to be useful in this subgroup of people. The authors of the review conclude that, given the lack of evidence for the use of these drugs in patients with SAH, it is unlikely that they will be used widely in the long term to treat the condition. However, if they are to be the treatment of choice after SAH they need to be used with care.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found three RCTs with a total of 739 children. All three studies included in this updated review used the age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk. The first update of this Cochrane Cochrane Review found that myeloablative chemotherapy improved event-free survival in the short-term (i.e. the length of time it took for the cancer to get worse) compared with no treatment or no treatment. However, when we looked at the long-term results (over years), we did not find any difference between the groups. There was no difference between groups in terms of the risk of death from any cause or death due to cancer or any cause of sepsis (sepsis is blood in the blood). The meta-analysis of secondary malignancy and cancer-related death did not show any differences between the treatment groups. Data from one study (38 patients) showed a higher incidence of side effects, such as kidney problems and veno-occlusion (infection of the venous blood vessels) in the treatment group compared with the no-treatment group. No information on the effect of treatment on quality of life was available. The results of this review are not conclusive due to the small number of children included in the studies and the fact that some of the results were imprecise.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found eight studies (with a total of 632 participants) that met our criteria for the review. The mean age of men ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The participants were followed up for 12 months (2 months to 38 months). We found low- to very low-certainty evidence that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced the risk of death from all-cause deaths and tumour response. The rate of serum bilirubin and serum transaminase (a type of blood test that records how much blood people have left the tumour) was much greater in the TACE group than in the group that did not undergo any TACE. The proportion of men with stage III (stage II) or IIB (stage III) cancer in the trials ranged from 22% to 85%. The results on non-cancerous tumour growth and side-effects were very uncertain. The quality of the trials was very low to low due to risk of bias and imprecision. This means that our findings should be viewed with some caution. The overall certainty of the results of the studies was low or very low. The main reasons for this were that there were problems with the conduct of all the trials, and that we were not able to tell whether or not the results would be the same in people with stage II or IIIB cancer who did not have their tumour shrunk.
We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of increasing energy in preterm infants with CLD/BPD. However, we did find one study that gave some insights to the topic. This study showed that infants who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth results up to three months of corrected age. They were not able to achieve the pre-designation feed amount and thus did not benefit from increased amounts of energy. The other study did not show any difference in growth, lung function, oedema (swelling) or the diuretic (a medicine used to help the blood to pump enough blood around the body) need to be addressed. The benefits and harms of increasing the amount of energy for preterm preterm neonates and their care-providers are not known. This is because there is a lack of good quality, well-conducted studies that have looked at this topic.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, long-term randomised trials (RCTs) evaluating the use of subclavian vein or femoral vein for catheters. We found 13 RCTs enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is up to date as of September 2013. The overall quality of the evidence was very low to high for most outcomes (femoral vein N = 1, femoral venous N = 2) and moderate to high at best for two outcomes (subclavia N = 4 and femoral V = 2). Most of the studies were of very low or low risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. The main findings were imprecise for most of the other outcomes, which meant that we were not able to draw any firm conclusions about the usefulness of the technique for catheter insertion. This was due to the very low- or low-certainty nature of the results, and because of the variation in the methods used in the trials. For the main findings, we were unable to draw reliable conclusions regarding the usefulness and safety of sub clavian veins for cathering. This means that there is a lot of uncertainty regarding the effectiveness of this technique.
This is a Cochrane review and the evidence is up to date as of March 2013. We found 15 randomised, double blind, non-blind, placebo-controlled trials that assessed the effects of giving or not giving treatment. Four of these studies, with 29 people, used a blood transfusion; seven, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 participants used a placebo; and one study, with 181 participants, used an anorexia skin patch. There were no usable results from the blood transfusions. Intravenous (injected into the vein) infusions were not shown to be helpful. The few trials that used the oral form of the drug showed no benefit from the drug. The results from two of the four controlled-release trials, with 1456 people, showed that the best dose of Physostigmine was 0.5 mg/kg/day and the worst dose was 1mg/kg. This was the same as the dose used in the control group. There was a reduction in the number of people who dropped out of the trial due to adverse events (13% vs 5%). There was also a decrease in the occurrence of at least one event of nausea (22% vs 2.183) and pain (18% vs 13%) at 6, 12 weeks in the group that had the best amount of fluid in their blood (22/183 vs 2/183) as well as in the placebo group (13/83 vs 5/93).
We searched for studies up to July 2013, and we found 13 randomised controlled trials involving 16,112 adults with CVD. We found that fibrates reduced the risk of stroke, heart attack, or death from any cause in the short term (up to 12 weeks), but not in the long term (more than 12 weeks). We found no evidence for a reduction in the rate of death or the need for blood clofibrates in the longer term (over 12 months). The risk of side effects (such as low blood counts, flatulence, bloating, and high blood pressure) was lower in the fibrate group than in the control group. The overall risk of bias of the trials was moderate to low. This means that our results are likely to be close to what we think is the truth, but that there is a chance that the true effect of the treatment lies somewhere between that range.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 3285 healthy women who had a caesarean birth and were at low risk of bleeding after planned CS. Nine trials, with 2453 women, provided data for our review. Three of these studies, with 832 women, did not state whether they received TA or not. All of the trials received routine uterotonics in addition to TA or no intervention. The mean gestational age of the women ranged from 36 weeks to 38 weeks and the mean duration of follow-up ranged from one month to 12 weeks. Most of the evidence from these trials was assessed as being of moderate to high quality. The main findings of the review were that: (1) the risk of blood loss greater than 1000 mL or 500 mL or 1000 mL was lower in the group of women who received TA than in those who did not; (2) the chance of a spontaneous birth was about the same whether or not TA was given; (3) mean mean blood loss was less in the TA group than in the control group; and (4) the chances of a vaginal birth were approximately the same; (5) the number of days after the birth was less; (6) there were more days off school or work; (7) there was less need for blood transfusion; (8) side-effects such as nausea and transfusion occurred less often in women receiving TA compared with placebo or no treatment; (9) women had more side-effect-free births; (10) women were more or less likely to give birth vaginally; (withdrawals due to lack of blood; (11) side effect-free birth were less often; (12) side effects were less common in women who were not treated with TA; (13) women received more side effects; (14) women gave birth vaginopoietin or oxytocin; (15) women did not have to have blood transfused. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate for both blood loss and side effects. This means that we can be reasonably sure that the true results are close to what we found.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) of amantadine or other antiviral drugs to treat influenza A in adults and children. We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The results showed that amantadiine is effective in reducing the risk of flu in the short term (up to three days) and in the long term (more than three months). It is not clear whether this is true for the longer term (months to years). The quality of the evidence was low or very low, and the safety of the drug was not well established. This means that we are uncertain as to whether this drug is safe.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to April 2015. We found nine RCTs, which included 1512 women, that met the inclusion criteria of this Cochrane review. Most of these included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in the other trials women were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared the women having an IUI with no injury or a 'placebo' (pretend) surgery. These trials also looked at whether the women had a chance of getting IUI if they had not had their IUI planned (called the 'timing of the IUI cycle' or had a hysteroscopy (x-ray or X-ray of the cervix to look inside the womb). We found that endometrial injury prior to IUI did not increase the chances of live birth or the chance of having a live birth/ongoing pregnancy compared to no injury/placebo surgery or a sham (sham) operation. The evidence was of very low or very low quality. When we looked at the studies that had been done in the past (e.g. in the 1980s and 1990s) there was no evidence that there was a change in the number of women who got IUI. The quality of the evidence was very low to very low. The main reasons for this were imprecision and the effect was imprecise. This means that we do not know if there is a chance that the results will change when new, improved or not. When the quality of evidence is very low, this means that the true effect may be quite large.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found four RCTs (RCTs) with 3905 nursing home-acquired pneumonia in nursing homes. We did not pool the results from one RCT, which was stopped when we entered the review, as there was no clear difference in the occurrence rate of non-pneumonias in the 18-month follow-up period. We were not able to determine whether professional oral care was more or less likely to have an impact on the risk of pneumonia due to pneumonia in the first episode of pneumonia (low- or very low- or low-quality evidence). We were also unable to show whether the number of first episodes of pneumonia was less or less, or whether there was a reduction in all-cause deaths or in the risk for death due to the pneumonia, when assessed at 24 months. Only one of the studies (834 participants) looked at whether there were any harms (adverse events) caused by the care. The evidence from this study was of very low or low quality. This means that we do not know the true effects of the care, and that we are very uncertain whether there have been any harms caused by professional care. We believe that there is a need for high- or high-quality, well-conducted, large-scale research in this area. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2017.
Five RCTs (149 participants) were included in this review. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate, budesonide, mesalazine plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than a fake medicine (placebo) for inducing clinical and histological response. Bismuth subthrombopoietin (2.4 g/day) was not shown to be as good as placebo and was associated with more side effects (such as rash, redness around the site of the medicine and in some people this may have been due to the low dose of the drug being used in the trial). Budesoneide was not found to work as a first line therapy in Crohn's disease. However, it has been shown in other Cochrane Reviews to be effective in the first few years of treatment with corticosteroids and immunosuppressants (e.g. salbutamol and methotrexate) so it may be worth taking a look at the long-term effects of these drugs.
We searched for randomised trials that compared self-monitoring with usual care or usual care with SMUG. We found 12 randomised controlled trials that assessed the effects of self-control in 3259 people with type 2 diabetes who were not using blood tests to check blood glucose. The studies ranged from six months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine of the 12 trials compared SMBG with standard care, one of them (493 people) compared SMUG with SMBG and one trial (2324 people) with a three-armed (three-armed) and a 12-year (12 months) SMBG compared with a control group. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The results of nine trials including participants with a long-term (one year or more) decrease in HbA1c (a blood test that records the amount of human erythropoietin in the blood) in the first year of follow-up showed that self-metering was beneficial in terms of reducing the number of participants with high blood sugar levels up to six months after the start of the study. However, this effect was not maintained up to one year after the study and costs were 12 times more expensive than the costs for self-stimulation of urine blood tests. In the three-year SMBG trial, costs were between $40 and 30 EURO. This means that for each 1000 patients, on the basis of 1000 participants, on an average of 365 per year, on a 0.3 kg/m² (14.8 mmol/L) drop in blood glucose levels for one year would have to be a cost of 0.4 to -0.1 kg/cm2. The cost of the SMBG program was between $481 or 361 EURO and $40 or 30 €O. The costs for the SMUG program were between £181 (212 EURO) and £173 (203 EURO). None of the studies reported on morbidity. Qualitative analysis of the effect of SMBG on well-being and quality of life showed no effect on patients' well-quality of life. We conclude that when blood tests are used for a long time (more than one year), there is no evidence for a beneficial effect on blood glucose control in the long term.
The aim of this review was to assess the efficacy of any psychosocial treatment for adults with AsPD. We searched for randomised, double blind, well-conducted studies that assessed the effects of any type of psychological treatment compared with no treatment or usual care. We found 11 studies that met our criteria, although data was available from only five of these, which focused on 276 men with AsPD. Only two of these studies focused solely on an AsPD group. Compared to the control group, cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance was superior for outpatients with cocaine dependence in one study, but CBT plus treatment as usual was not superior for men with recent verbal/physical violence in one of the other trials. There was no difference between the groups in terms of reducing the risk of relapse or recurrences of drug misuse in one trial, but this may have been due to differences in the types of behaviour and the way the behaviour was delivered. However, there was some support for the effectiveness of a range of other types of interventions, such as the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program’ (the ‘Trials for People with Depo’ or ‘Methopoietin’), as well as for the use of community-based therapy (treatment as a group), although the quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The quality of evidence was low to very low for all outcomes. This was due to the low number of events that we were able to assess, and to the fact that many of the outcomes were imprecise.
This is an update of a review first published in 2013. We searched for new studies in February 2015. We found 11 studies. Six of the studies, with up to 1047 adults, contributed to one or more of the analyses for the common cold. Five of the six trials, with 791 men, contributed only to data on side effects and one of them, but did not report numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. We were able to combine the data from the six studies for the main outcome of improvement in the clinical cure rate (i.e. absence of a cure or recurrence of symptoms) and did not find evidence of an increase in the rate of side effects compared to a fake medicine (placebo). The pooled meta-analysis of six trials with a total of 1047 men showed that there was no evidence of a difference in the cure rate or in the length of time it took for a cough to get rid of the cough. However, there were more side-effects in adults and there was an increased risk of side-effect in adults. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the risk of having a persistent cough or the number of days the cough lasted for a few days or weeks. We judged this to be of low or very low quality. There were problems with the way some of the trials were done. For example, some studies did not give enough data to be sure that they were done right, and some were not clear about how they were carried out. Also, there was a high risk of bias in some studies.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found five trials (162 randomised trials) that assessed the effects of penicillin, rifampicin, guttate psoriasis, streptococcus aureus, erythropoietin, and erythromycin in 162 participants. The ages of participants ranged from 12 to 77 years. Only three of the trials were carried out in a hospital skin clinic. The mean PASI scores ranged from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23.7 points in four of these trials. Thrombophlebitis was not assessed in any of the studies. The length of follow-up ranged from six weeks to 12 months in all but one trial. Only one of the five trials reported on adverse events, and we were unable to assess whether there were any major harms or whether there had been any side effects. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and high number of events) and imprecision (random errors). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results of this review. We are very unsure of the results from other Cochrane Review articles that have assessed the effect of rifapicin or penicillin. This is due to the very low- to low-to-very low-certainty of the data, and to the fact that we were not able to combine the data from the trials that have looked at the same type of people, so we have not been able to tell whether one treatment is better than the other. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted research in this area.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 12 RCTs enrolling 933 people with MS; 464 were randomised to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the control group. Eleven studies tested vitamin D₃, and one study tested the same amount of vitamin D. The evidence from these studies is current to April 2017. Vitamin D had no effect on relapse rate at 52 weeks' follow-up (low- or very low- or moderate- or high- or low-quality evidence). Vitamin D did not increase the risk of relapse or relapse in the short-term (up to 12 weeks' or long-term) (very low- and low-or very low quality evidence). However, this finding is based on very low or low quality or very small numbers of studies, so we are very uncertain about the size of the effects. The quality of the evidence was very low to very low for all outcomes. This means that we have very little confidence in the results.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 62 studies, with 4241 participants, that looked at the effects of Mm/r compared with other types of painkillers (morphine, codeine or buprenorphine or dilute tincture of taste), placebo (fake medicine) or other non-phodal analgesics (such as paracetamol (acetaminophen) or codeine (strong painkillers such as codeine). Most of the evidence was of very low or low quality. This means that we cannot be very confident in the results. Fifteen studies looked at oral morphine and morphine-like painkillers with MIR and found that MIR was as good as other painkillers. Six of these compared MIR with other strong painkillers, six with 24-hour (24-hour for 24 hours) MIR, and two with rectal (rectal or rectal only). Fourteen trials looked at MIR in different strengths; six of these looked at different strengths of MIR. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data that showed MIR to be as good or very good as some other strong analgesics. There were no data to say whether MIR worked any more or less well than other strong opioids, or whether it was better or worse in terms of pain relief or side effects. We did not find any data to show whether it worked any less or more well than some other weak analgesics, such as methadone or bupropion. We rated the quality of evidence from studies to be very low to moderate. This was due to the risk of bias in the way that many of the studies were done, and the fact that some of the results were imprecise.
We searched for randomised studies that compared open surgery with steroids or other non-involving treatments. We found 14 studies, with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years. The participants were followed up for eight weeks to 23 months. The mean duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the length of follow-up after the surgery ranged from eight weeks up to 17 months. Fourteen of the trials reported on nine types of comparisons: open surgery (two studies); percutaneous surgery (five studies); open surgery plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection (one study); perctaneous surgery with or without steroids (five randomised controlled trials), open surgery alone (five trials), and endoscopical surgery (one trial). The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. The main comparison was between open surgery and corticosteroids and open surgery for open surgery. This was due to the fact that corticostomies are the most commonly used treatment method for open ulcerative colitis. The evidence suggests that open surgery is as safe as corticoscopics and is often used as first-line treatment in the first few days after the operation. However, this finding is based on very low- to moderate-certainty data, and further research is very unlikely to change this finding. Most of the evidence was of low or very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain as to whether this is true or not. The quality of the studies was moderate to very low, and most were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid.
We found three RCTs, with 931 people with Hodgkin's cancer, that looked at three types of neoadjuvant (chemotherapy) treatments. These were RT alone, procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine, and temozolomide. All three of these studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. None of the three studies were able to blind participants or personnel to the type of treatment they received, and so were not able to assess whether the results presented were valid. Two of the trials, which were more than 10 years old, found that patients who had RT plus PCV were more likely to live for five years or more than five years longer than those in the RT alone group. One trial, which was conducted in the 1980s and was supported by the EORTC, also found that adding PCV to RT reduced the risk of the cancer coming back in the 10 years after the end of the study. However, this result was not found in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, one of the studies, which received funding from the US Food and Drug Administration, also showed that the use of prochlorazine and proprednisone did not increase the risk that the cancer came back in this group of people. The third trial did not show that any of these treatments had an impact on the length of time it took for the cancer to get worse. The evidence from this review is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found five trials with a total of 240 boys and girls aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA. All trials were done in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three RCTs (137) compared intranasal corticosteroids with a fake medicine (placebo). The other trials (103) compared oral montelukast with placebo. We did not find any trials that looked at the effect of intralasal steroids on quality of life. We are not sure whether or not there is a difference in AHI (shortness of breath) or in the amount of oxygen a child needs to take during the night. We also do not know whether there is any difference in how much or how often children need to be changed over the course of a course of treatment (e.g. how long they need extra medication or how long the drug had to be used). We are also not sure about whether there are any other side effects. We cannot tell from our findings whether giving a child a medicine that is not needed at night to sleep for a few hours at night is as good as taking a medicine which is not required at night at night. This is because there were problems with the way some of the studies were done. Also, there were some problems with how the people in the trials were put into treatment groups, whether people knew whether they were in the medicine or a 'placebo' group, and whether people taking the medicine were as good or bad. This could have affected how they answered some parts of the question. We rated the reliability of the evidence as moderate for AHI and low for the other outcomes we looked at. This means that we are reasonably sure that the true results are close to what we found, but we are less sure of other results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomized trials (CCTs) of antithrombin, low-dose warfarin, cryoprecipitate and fibrinogen supplements in pre-school and school-age boys with VTE. We found six RCTs and three CCTs (involving 1291 boys) that assessed the risk of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134, antithrosbin (AT n = 37) and FFP (n = 31). We found three trials that were at high risk of bias and one that was at low risk of imprecision. The results showed that, of the six studies, five looked at the prevention of the VTE and found that low- or very low-quality RCT and CCT studies were at low or moderate risk for bias and imprecise results. Low- or moderate-certainty RCT data showed that there was no difference in the number of deaths or adverse events between boys and girls who received low- and very low quality RCT or CCT data. There was also no difference between groups in the occurrence of bleeding in the brain or in adverse events caused by the treatment. There were no deaths or non-fatal bleeding events in any of the trials. The risk of haematopoietin-like events (such as thromboembolism or thrombophlebitis) was lower in boys than in girls. However, there were no data for these outcomes. The overall quality of the included studies was moderate to very low. This means that we have moderate or low confidence in the reliability of the results.
This Cochrane Review summarised data from three randomised, double blind, non-blind, controlled trials of people with TAAA and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for TAAA. We found that CSFD did not reduce the rate of postoperative brain injury in the short term (up to 24 hours after surgery) and did not seem to reduce the need for spinal cord surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the CSFD group and 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving CSFD. However, this result was based on only one third of the estimated sample size of the trial. This means that we cannot be sure of the extent to which CSFD has an impact on the risk of postoperative brain injury. There was no information on the effect of CSFD on long-term outcomes such as death or disability. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2014. We found 13 RCTs, with a total of 662 participants. We report the results of our main outcome meta-analyses here. In one RCT of NB-UVB, compared with oral PUVA in participants with CPP, the difference in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 was 75%. Withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate were not different between the groups. In three other studies, the clearance rate of PASI 75 was inconsistent. Pooled data from these three studies showed that withdrawals due to adverse events were not significant between the two groups. The evidence from the two left-right body studies that looked at left-hand body compared with bath PUVB was of low or very low quality. This means that we are unable to draw any conclusions as to whether either treatment is better or worse in terms of the proportion of participants who achieved or did not get better, or whether side-effect rates were more or less common in either group. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data from the three other trials looking at CPP to see if there was a difference in the number of people who got better or not with either treatment. We did not find any evidence to suggest that one treatment was better than the other, or that any of the other treatments were any more effective than any other. However, we did find some evidence that people who took part in the trials had less pain in their legs and in their feet than those who did not receive any treatment. This may have been due to the fact that people knew whether they were in the treatment group or not.
Twenty-one randomised trials were found with a total of 1525 participants. About half of the trials had low risk of bias for randomisation and allocation bias. One small trial showed that biofeedback plus exercises were better than exercises alone in terms of achieving full continence and the number of people who did not need to stop taking their medicine. However, there was some imprecision of the findings due to the low number of events and a lack of blinding of participants and researchers. This means that we can not be sure of the extent to which the results apply to people who have not been able to achieve full incontinence or who are not taking their medicines. There was also some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data that showed that adding biofeed back to electrotherapy was no more or less effective than using electrical stimulation alone in increasing the amount of urine that can be left in the urine. There were no data to assess the effect of adding a stimulator to an elective surgery. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is a Cochrane review and the aim was to find out whether using a urethral catheter after surgery is as good as not using a catheter. We searched for randomised trials that compared the use of a catheter to not use one after surgery. We found 34 randomised randomised controlled trials. These were all small and of poor or very low quality reporting of results. The data from five trials showed that the risk of re-catheterisation (the need for the catheter to be re-cleared and re-inserted after surgery) was about twice as high when a cathetter was not used after surgery and about the same for the length of time it was used following surgery (about 11 days). In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheter (the length of stay in the ICU) if a urectral catheters were used after operation and a suprapubic catheter was used for the rest of the day. In 11 trials, the data showed that fewer urinary tract infections were found when a Urethral Catheter was used and a clamp-and-release policy was followed up for up to three days. There was no difference in the number of days that people had to be cared for in order to be able to get a urine test (this is known as the 'postoperative' test). There was also no difference between groups in terms of the duration of postoperative use compared with longer duration of catheter use. However, there was some imprecise data that showed that clamping (removal of the cathelet after surgery may result in less urine tests and may not result in a change in the rate of urine tests. This means that we do not know if this is true or not. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found 10 studies (3340 adults and teenagers) that assessed the efficacy of aripiprazole for the treatment of manic symptoms in adults and children with mental health problems. Seven of these studies (2239 participants) looked at the effects of taking the drug alone and compared it to a fake medicine (placebo). Two of these trials looked at adding the drug to valproate or lithium (an antiepileptic drug) to other drugs used in the same treatment. The other trial (484 adults and teens) examined the effect of giving the drug as an add-on to a drug called haloperidol (an atypical anti-psychotic). We found moderate- to very low-certainty data that showed that people who were treated with arioprazole were more effective than those receiving a fake drug in the short-term (three and four weeks) in reducing the severity of their mental state and in the longer term (six weeks and 12 weeks). However, people who took aripIPrazole had more movement disorders (such as tremors, tremors and uncontrollable movements of the hands and feet) and dizziness compared with those who received a fake treatment. People who were given aripipsrazole did not have to stop the drug for longer periods of time (up to and up to 12 weeks) than those who were taking a fake medication. The side-effect rates were low in both groups, ranging from mild (three weeks) to very large (more than six weeks). The side effects were low to moderate in most of the studies. The main side-effects were dizziness, somnolence (nausea, dizziness (feeling sick), dry mouth (having a dry mouth), nausea (feathering in places other than the mouth) and drowsiness (being sick). The evidence from the studies was of very low to low quality. This means that we have very low or low confidence in the size of the effect. Aripipprazole was not shown to be any more or less effective than other drug treatments in the long-term. This is due to a high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) and a high rate of withdrawal from the trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the use of urokinase or ethanol to keep CVCs open and to treat infections. We found no RCTs or CCTs that looked at the effects of giving or not giving antibiotics at all. We also found one CCT that examined the effect of ethanol on the amount of blood that is left in the CVC (cerebral venous thrombocytopenia). We did not find any studies that assessed the effect on the need for blood to be re-cleared (cyanocervical abscesses and sepsis) or the number of people who were cured (cure or not) of infections. None of the studies looked at whether or not antibiotics were given at all, how much or how often infections occurred, how long antibiotics were used, and how many people had to be admitted to the ICU (sepsis). All of the trials had problems with the way they were done. This means that we do not know the true results. We need good quality, well-conducted studies to answer these questions. This plain language summary is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found 15 randomised trials. Of these, three were rated as having low risk of bias and three were of high quality. There was moderate-to-very low quality evidence from one large, well-conducted and well-reported randomised trial. There is moderate- to very low-certainty evidence from nine other trials that there is no difference in the short-term (i.e. three weeks or less) or long-term benefit from any type of self-help. However, there is some evidence that some self-care strategies, such as a whiplash leaflets or workplace ergonomics, may not help people with acute to chronic neck pain. There has not been a sufficient amount of research to show whether any of these work. This review has not shown that any of the interventions described in this review work well to change the way in which people cope with neck pain and pain in the long term. This is due to the fact that there have been problems with the way that some of the studies were done, or did not, with how they were done. This means that we have not been able to find out whether some interventions work for some specific types of neck pain, or whether they work well for some groups of people.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effectiveness of the thematic synthesis to inform policy and practice for communicating with people at risk of having a CJD or vCJD risk and to determine the best way to communicate with those at risk. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi-randomised studies and quasi-blinded studies in the Cochrane Review. We found no RCTs or quasi-validations that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. We identified 49 studies and pieces of information, which met our inclusion criteria. In these 49 studies, 49 were relevant to the topic being assessed. We were able to combine results from 49 of these, which showed that the themic synthesis has a thematic effect on the provision of health care and health-care-provider-providers' and consumers' views on the use of the health service, as well as on the cost-effectiveness of the interventions. The thematic syntheses therefore need to be viewed with some caution. There is a need for good-quality, well-conducted studies to help guide us to make good decisions about the best ways to provide health care for those who are at risk or who are known to be at risk, such as people with cancer or HIV/AIDS.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 304 participants) that looked at the effects of long-term use of oxycodone/naloxone (a long-release drug) for treating RLS. After 12 weeks of use, RLS symptoms and sleep improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. Quality of life also improved more than in placebo. The proportion of remits (returns) of RLS to the brain was greater in the group treated with the drug than in those treated with a fake medicine (placebo). Quality of sleep also improved. The major adverse events were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids do seem to be effective for treatment RLS, but there is no evidence about whether or not they are safe. This is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence). There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence (sleepiness and drowsiness) or naps during the day.
Fifteen heterogeneous randomised trials, involving 1022 adults with distal fractures of the distal radius, were included in this updated Cochrane Review. There was not much evidence to support or refute the use of surgery to fix these fractures. There were, for the most part, major flaws in the methods used in these trials, such as lack of blinding (i.e. not allowing participants to know whether they were in the treatment group or not), and a high risk of bias (e.g. not being able to tell whether the treatment had been done well or not). This makes it hard to draw reliable conclusions. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted, large-scale randomised randomised controlled trials to assess the usefulness of surgery for these fractures in adults.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed whether or not early removal of ureteric stents after kidney transplantation is the best way to reduce the risk of having a MUC. We found five randomised controlled trials that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to include 1127 patients in our review. The risk of bias of these studies was assessed as low or unclear; they addressed the research question and used a randomised design. It is not clear whether removing a stent early after kidney transplation reduces the rate of MUC or not. The incidence of UTI may be reduced in the early stent removal group. This could be due to the fact that the removal of the stent did not result in a decrease in UTI, but it is uncertain if this was the best method. However, if a BI stent was used there there was no sign of a change in the number of UTIs between the early and late removal groups. Data on costs of the treatment and on how well the treatment worked were lacking. Overall, we judged the quality of the trials to be moderate to low.
We searched for randomised trials that compared the use of crowns with each other or with other types of treatment. We found five studies that assessed three types of treatments. Four of these studies looked at crowns used with fillings; two of them looked at conventional PMCs used with open teeth; and one study looked at PMCs fitted with the 'Hall technique' (i.e. the technique used to fit the tooth back in place). One of these three studies had a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs with or with non-restorative cavities. In four of the studies, four PMCs were fitted with fillers; in one of these, all teeth were fixed in place using the conventional method. In the other two studies, two studies used crowns that were placed without any help from the clinician. In one study, two PMCs were placed using the method used by the dentist. In this case, we could not tell whether one type of crown was better than any other. The third study compared different types of crown. The evidence is up to date as of June 2013. The review found that four studies compared four types of CVCs with filleds, and in two of these four studies there were problems with the way the study was done. This meant that we were not able to combine the findings from the three groups of studies. In two of the trials that looked at the effects of using crowns to fit into the mouth, we found that using a PMC fitted with an open tooth was as good as placing a tooth into a hole in the mouth with a screw. However, the evidence for this was of very low to moderate quality. The studies did not look at how well the teeth worked, how many teeth had to have to be filled, how often, and how long the fillings were left in place. This means that we do not know if one kind of crown worked as well as the other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (involving 788 children and adults) that compared PEP with other methods of airway clearance. We found 28 randomised trials that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to combine results from 18 of these studies, which included 296 participants. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP was done with a mask, in three of the other three studies a mouthpiece and in three studies it was not clear whether a mask or mouthpiece was used. In three studies the nose clips were used with nose clips and in the remaining three studies with mouthpiece we were not able to tell whether a PEP or a mask were used. Forced expiratory volume in one second was the most commonly reported outcome in the studies (24 studies, 716 adults). We found that there was little or no difference between PEP and other methods used to clear the airway. However, long-term (long-term) and short-term trials were not clear about whether one method was better than the other. There was a lower rate of exacerbation in participants who used PEP, autogenic drainage, oral oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise in the short term (up to three months), but not in the long term. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to low. This was mainly due to the risk of bias and imprecision of the findings.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found four studies involving 1485 people with Crohn's disease with a mean age of 18 years and a mean follow-up of eight weeks. All four of the studies were of adults over 18 years of age. The mean dose of CZP was 100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks, and the dose of the drug was increased from 40 mg to 100 mg once or twice a week for four weeks. The length of treatment ranged from four weeks to 12 weeks. This review shows that, compared with a fake medicine (placebo), the drug cazoprofen piperaquine (100 mg or 400 mg once a day for eight weeks) has a short-term (six to twelve weeks) beneficial (i.e. the first week of the study) effect. It has not been shown whether the drug has an effect on long-term outcomes, such as relapse (the first six to 12 months after the end of treatment) or tumour shrinkage (shrinking of the tumour or cancer). It is uncertain whether the risk of serious side effects (e.g. infections, malignancy, and malignant growth) or whether it has an impact on the rate of relapse or relapse in the longer term (over years). The results of this Cochrane Review provide moderate- to very low-certainty evidence. This means that we can be reasonably confident in the results.
We searched for studies up to April 2015. We found 108 randomised or quasi-randomized studies that assessed the effects of beta-blockers in adults with CKD. We assessed the risk of bias in all but four of these studies as high or very high. We were able to combine data from 26 studies (19,612 participants) that assessed at least one outcome of interest for our review. Of these 26 studies, 31 (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients were available for our meta-analyses. The mean follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and the size of the study groups ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In total, 26 of the 31 studies provided data for at least some outcome of relevance to our review (18% to 30% of the people included in the meta-analysis). In acute heart failure, the results showed that adenosine, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin may have little or no effect on death or morbidity in the short-term (up to three months), but we were not able to tell whether this had an impact on long-term effects (more than three months). In chronic heart failure the findings showed that angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) or angiotenin receptor blockers (ARB) may have had no effects on mortality (over five years). We were unable to draw any conclusions about the effect of ACEi orARB on morbidity (e.g. low blood pressure, high blood flow, low blood flow or death) or on any of these outcomes due to the lack of data. In chronic chronic heart disease, the evidence was of low or very low certainty. This means that we have very low to very low confidence in the estimate of effect and that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results. We did not find any evidence that ACEI orARB may have improved any of the outcomes that we were looking at. However, we did find that ACEi andARB have not been shown to have any effect on the outcomes of morbidity or quality of life in the longer term (over three years), so we do not know whether these drugs have an effect on these outcomes. We also found no data that could tell us whether or not these drugs had any side effects. We judged the reliability of the evidence to be very low or low, which means that the true effect of these drugs may be quite large.
We searched for studies up to July 2013. We found three studies involving 1945 women. All three studies were conducted in the neonatal nursery of a tertiary hospital. No neonatal or mother deaths occurred. The mean gestational age of the women ranged from 36 weeks to 38 weeks. The length of follow-up ranged from two weeks to 12 weeks. None of the three randomised, double blind, non-blinded and non-involving women were included in the trials. The trials were of mixed risk of bias. The findings of this review did not show that there was any difference between the use of tococromil or oxytocin for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The pooled risk for instrumental birth (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extractor) was not significant. Hyperstimulation was reported in two of the studies, but there was no clear difference between groups. This review found no differences between the two types of blood tests used for blood tests to check for signs of labour progress. Overall, we found no clear evidence to support one form of blood test over the other for women where blood tests were used to assess whether the labour was induced or not.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found only randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with at high risk of bias (i.e. with a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) that assessed the effects of physical exercise in people with CVI. We included two RCTs with 54 participants. Both were conducted in the USA and one in the UK. Participants were aged from 18 to 65 years and most of them had leg ulcers that were not getting worse or had not been treated at all. We were not able to pool the data from both studies. One of the trials found no difference between the exercise group and the control group in terms of change in ejection fraction (amount of blood pumped out of the left lower chamber of the heart with each heart beat), half venous refilling time and the time it took for the venous blood to fill up. The other trial found no differences between the two groups with regard to change in the range of motion (how far the leg ran, how fast the blood pumped, how long the leg was pumped and how hard the leg worked) or change in symptoms (such as pain or swelling) of the leg after the leg had been clamped. However, both of these studies were small and of very low quality. Therefore, we judged the quality of evidence as very low. The results of the included studies were based on very low- to low-to-very low-quality evidence. This means that we are very uncertain as to whether or not the real results are the same. There is a need for high-quality research in this area.
Seventy-six randomised, double blind, quasi-blinded trials with a total of 3,067 participants were analysed. Forty trials compared hyaluronan/hylan with placebo (saline or arthrocentesis), ten trials looked at different types of corticosteroids, six studies looked at nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), three of these looked at a type of exercise called arthroscopy (two studies), and 15 of the other trials studied other types of treatment. Follow-up periods ranged from day of last injection to 18 months. The findings of the meta-analysis showed that viscosupplemented OSTEOA is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects on pain, function and patient global assessment; and at the 5 to 13 week post-injection period, the results showed that the pain was reduced from 28 to 54% for pain and from 9 to 32% for function. However, this result was based on only a small number of trials and so it must be viewed with some caution. The same was true for the results of the six trials that looked at the effect of an intra-articosteroid, which also showed that there was a decrease in pain for pain after an inter-articular corticostoid. There was no evidence to suggest that any other type of treatment was better than any other. There were few side effects in any of the comparisons.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of adding misoprostol to other drugs to uterotonics for primary PPH. We found 10 RCTs with 4052 women. Four trials (1881 women) were included in this review and compared the use of the drug with a fake drug (placebo). The trials did not show that giving the drug in a dose of 600 to 1000 mcg with the addition of a uterotonic did not reduce the risk of the PPH dying or the need for admission to intensive care or hysterectomy. Women receiving the drug were more likely to have blood loss of at least 1000 mL (this is a loss of blood in the blood). Two trials (1787 participants) were too small for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the effect of using the drug oxytocin in this group of women. We did not find any studies that looked at whether the treatment had any side effects. We do not know whether giving the medicine to women with PPH is beneficial or not. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low. The main reasons for this were imprecision (variation in results) and lack of data. The evidence is up to date to September 2013.
We found six randomised trials that assessed the effects of cysteine-free PN in very low birth weight (under 1000 grams) and short-term (five days after birth) N-acetylcysteine supplementation (up to 12 weeks postmenstrual weeks) in very preterm (preterm birth) preterm infants. We found no evidence that giving extra cysteines to preterm babies at risk of RDS reduces the risk of death, bronchopulmonary dysplasia or BPD in the first 36 weeks of life.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to April 2015. We found 77 RCTs with a total of 6287 participants that met our inclusion criteria. Forty-one of these trials (3829 participants) gave information for one or more of the outcomes we were looking for. Thirty-five of the trials (30-five) were at high risk of bias due to lack of data. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The other trials were of very low or low quality. The main findings of the review were that there was no evidence of differences in the risk of death or serious adverse events between those who received antioxidants and those who did not. Antioxidants were no more or less well-treatable in the short-term (i.e. six months to 12 months) than in those who were not. None of the studies looked at long-term outcomes such as quality of life. There was no information about whether or not antioxidants had an impact on morbidity (e.g. death or adverse events) or on the amount of time it took for the disease to get worse. There were no deaths in either group in the one large, well-conducted trial that looked at this same type of outcome (87 participants). There was very low to very low quality evidence that antioxidants did not have an effect on risk of dying or having a serious adverse event compared with no intervention. There is also very low- to low-to-very low-evidence that antioxidants had no effect on the number of deaths or side-effects. This means that we do not know if antioxidants have an influence on these types of side-effect events. The overall, there is a lot of evidence, but we are very uncertain as to how much of it there is. The quality of the evidence is very low. This is due to the low number of events that we found and the fact that there were problems with the conduct of many of the included trials. This makes it hard to tell whether the true effect of antioxidants may be different from what we found.
We searched for studies up to July 2014. We found 15 randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled trials (clinical or non-blinded studies) of CSF tests for people with MCI. We analysed data from 1172 of these, of which 1172 had data that could be used in the analyses. The mean age of participants ranged from 65 years to 75 years. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the overall range one to three years for most participants. The CSF t-tau test scores ranged from 51% to 90% and the specificity values ranged from 48% to 88%. We found that the sensitivity of the CSF test to change to Alzheimer’s or other forms of dementia was 72% to 75% and 79% to 100%, and the quality of the test was 0.22 to 0.47, and 0.39 to 1.55, both of which were of low or very low quality. We could not combine the results of studies that compared the accuracy of the tests to each other or to no test. This means that we do not know the true results. We did not find any studies that looked at how well the tests worked, how they worked and how well they worked, or how they were done. We also could not tell whether the tests were done right. We were not able to tell whether they worked well enough for us to know whether they were good or bad. This was due to the fact that many of the results were imprecise, that is, we could not be sure if they were fair tests or not, and that we could trust them. This is why we judged the reliability of our findings to be very low to moderate.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 170 men. All men were male and between 50 and 75 years of age. The men were randomised to have surgery to the prostate or the prostate canal to the oesophagus or ureteroscopical resection using propofol or a combination of sevoflurane and desflurane. Only one of the RCTs (62 men) reported on pain at one to six hours after surgery. This was not clear whether the pain between the two types of anaesthetics was important to the men undergoing surgery. We also found low- to very low-certainty results for pain after surgery in the short term (up to one hour after surgery) and in the long term (longer than one hour). We found evidence from one RCT to show no difference in postoperative pain between men who had RALRP and those who had inhaled bronchopulmonary resection. However, it was unclear whether this difference was due to the fact that the anaesthetists had not given the men a choice of whether or not to undergo the surgery or not. Low-to-very low-quality results from one trial showed that men who received RAL RP had about the same pain and side effects after surgery as those who received inhalational anaesthesia. This means that we do not know whether one anaesthetic is better than the other, and that the choice of anaesthetic may have been made for the men having surgery on the prostate. Propofol appears to be as good as inhaled rolopulacin and may prevent eye problems after surgery (such as inflammation of the cornea or swelling of the lens of the eye after surgery, but the evidence for this is very limited. We did not find any studies that looked at the long-term effect of the anaesthetic on death, all-cause deaths, death from any cause, death due to any cause or morbidity. The evidence for the other outcomes was of low or very low quality. This is due to small, single-centre, randomised studies and to poor reporting of the methods used in the trials.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 14 studies, with 1,601,515 people included. Most of the evidence was of low or very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the reliability of the results. We did not find any evidence that giving corticosteroids to women with preterm birth or foetal birth helped to reduce the risk of preterm labour or preterm births. However, we found some low- to very low-to-very low-quality evidence that the use of corticostimulants (e.g. orofacial cleft or cleft palate or hypospadias) may have had a role in reducing preterm labor and low birth weight. There was no evidence that any of these were caused by the woman’s involvement in the care of her child. We also found no evidence for any effects on the health outcomes for the baby. The quality of evidence was very low to low for all outcomes. This was due to imprecision (variation in results) and risk of bias (inconsistency).
We searched for trials up to July 2014. We found four RCTs that assessed the efficacy of corticosteroids for corneal ulcers. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The trials included 611 eyes (612 eyes, ranging from 30 to 500 eyes per trial). One trial was the largest, with 1,067 eyes. Steroids for Corneal Ulcers were compared with placebo (fake medicine) or no corticostoids. The trial with the largest trial found that the time to re-epithelization (the growth of new blood cells) was 53% faster in the group treated with corticoprofen than in the placebo group. The study with the other three trials found no differences between the corticotherapies and the placebo groups in terms of time to new growth or the need for further surgery. None of the other trials found any difference in the length of time it took for the cornea to heal over the course of the trial. The included trials did not report any adverse events. The overall quality of the trials was moderate to high.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2014. We found four RCTs with 450 people with stroke that assessed whether percutaneous venous thrombolytic (venous or vein-based) treatments were more or less effective than intravenous (intravenous) treatments. We did not find any studies that assessed the benefits or harms of other types of blood thinners. We also found no studies that looked at the benefits and harms of giving or not giving blood by vein. The evidence presented is of low or very low quality. This means that we have very little confidence in the results and that it is very hard to tell whether or not the results are true. This is due to the fact that there were problems with the conduct of three of the studies, and because there were not enough data.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found only one trial, which was conducted in high-income countries (Belgium, France, Greece, Japan, Sweden, the USA, UK and the UK) and was supported by grants from the US Food and Drug Administration, the UK Health Board and the US Health Board. This trial, involving 120 parents and 143 children, investigated the effects of centre-based day care for children younger than five years of age and their families. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for the children (high-school completion or income). We assessed the quality of the trial as very low to very low. This means that we are very uncertain as to whether or not the results are true. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of providing a range of types of day care (e.g. home-based, in- and out-of-school or in-patients) or co-interventions that were intended to co-provider-delivered with each other. Therefore, we were not able to draw any conclusions as to how much or how much of an improvement there were in terms of cognitive and psychosocial outcomes. We were also unable to assess whether there were any harms of providing day care. We believe that there is a need for more research in this area. We think that the fact that there was some imprecision (risk of bias) and that there were problems with the way the trial was run makes it very hard to tell whether there was any risk of bias.
The objective of this review was to determine the best outcome for histologic healing in patients with ulcerative colitis. This is done by analysing data from 126 published and unpublished sources. In the light of the evidence gathered in this overview, we have found that: 1. The Nancy Index and the Robarts histopathology index have been the most robust tests that have been conducted on this topic; 2. Intra-rater reliability has been assessed for eight of these tests; 3. Three of these three tests were assessed for how well they worked; 4. Six of these six tests explored how well the tests worked; 5. Two of these studies explored how good the tests were; 6. Two studies looked at how good they worked to make sure they were done right; 7. How good they had to do their job well to get the test to work; 8. How well they did their job if they did not have problems with how the test worked at all; 9. How much did the tests cost to do; 10. How many of the tests had to be used in order to do the job?
We searched for randomised trials that compared nailing with plating in adults with a distal tibial femoral dislocations that had not healed properly. We found three randomised randomised controlled trials that assessed this question. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. The three randomising trials were at high risk of bias, which means that we are very uncertain about the reliability of their findings. The trials included 173 men and boys, of whom 112 were male. The mean age of participants ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no studies that compared surgery with non-surgical treatment. We are very unsure about the results for all outcomes, so we are not able to draw conclusions about the use of surgery or the best surgery for these fractures in adults. The pooled results of three different measures of foot and ankle function (172 people, 3 trials) indicated a small difference in favour of nailing, but the results of the individual trials were very imprecise. This is likely to be due to bias in the design of the trials. Pooled data from three trials (173 participants, 3 studies) for the need for reoperations or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events (4/90 versus 10/83) showed that nailing was associated with a greater chance of reoperation within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations in 1000 participants, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operatives after nailing. Similarly, pooled data from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. Overall, there was either no or very low-certainty data for all of the outcomes. The quality of evidence was very low, meaning that we were very unsure of the size of the effect. This was due to imprecision in the findings.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 11 studies involving 38,742 adults who had had a stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA) for the first time. Eight of these studies (35,110 adults) compared an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with a dummy drug (placebo), or with no BPLD. Three studies (3632 adults) looked at whether BPLDs helped reduce the risk of having a new stroke or TIA after a stroke. The risk of bias in the trials varied greatly, and we judged the evidence to be of high- or very high-quality. The results showed that the use of an ACE inhibitor or a diuretic in the subgroup of people with a stroke and TIA reduced the risk for recurrence of the stroke or the TIA in the short term (eight to three months after the stroke, and three to eight months after treatment, and four to eight weeks after treatment). We found high- and very low- or moderate- or high-or-high-certainty data on long-term effects. The quality of the data was moderate to high, and the size of the evidence was of high or very low. This means that we are very confident in some of the results, and very uncertain about others.
Five hundred men from four trials were assessed. Three trials used non-glucosidic B-sitosterols and one used 100% B- Sitosteryl-D-Glucoside. B-Sitosterols improved urinary symptoms and flow and did not decrease prostate size. Withdrawal rates for men assigned to B- sitosterol and placebo were 7.8% and 8.0%, and the long term effects were not known.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of long-term use of salmeterol on death from all cause (i.e. all-cause death) and side effects. We found 26 RCTs (22,051 adults) and eight trials (2,599 children) that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The risk of death from any cause in adults with asthma was about one-seventh of that from a fake medicine (placebo). We found that the risk of dying from all causes was about twice as high with regular salmetol than with a fake medication. We also found that there was no difference in the occurrence of non-fatal or fatal side-effects between people who took salmmeterol and those who took placebo. There was not enough data to know whether the risk was more or less with salbutamol, or whether it was lower or more common with other types of inhaled corticosteroids. We did not find evidence that people taking salmatarol had a greater or less severe side-effect rate than people who were not on inhaled steroids. There were also no data to show whether there was a reduction in the rate of death due to all cause or from a non-cause. There is also no evidence that taking salmetarol was better or worse in terms of side-side-effect rates in the longer term (over years). There were no deaths in the two largest studies, as all the asthma-related deaths in adults were in adults. In children, there was not much information. There may have been flaws in the way the studies were done, and we do not know if there were any major flaws.
We searched for studies that compared the use of thyroid hormones to see if there was any difference in the number of deaths or morbidity in preterm babies who had a flare-up of their lung disease. We found no studies that looked at this question. We also found no evidence from controlled trials that use of thyroxine 50 μg/day in the first few days after birth (two days or more) after the birth (up to 28 days) reduces the risk of death or illness for preterm infants with lung problems. Thyroid hormones were not shown to reduce the need for a ventilator, duration of ventilation, length of time spent in the airway, time spent on a breathing tube, need for airway tube, patent ductus arteriosus (blood in the blood), and need for blood transfusion.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of non-absorbable disaccharides on mortality. We found 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 participants. Eight trials had a low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We did not find any RCT evidence that lactulose or lactitol were more effective than placebo or no intervention in reducing the risk of dying. We also found some evidence that the use of these drugs can help to reduce the number of deaths and side-effects. We were not able to assess whether or not these drugs had an effect on quality of life. The quality of the included trials was moderate to very low for all of the outcomes. This means that our findings are likely to be close to or close to the truth.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (involving 3598 participants) up to April 2019. Bisphosphonate was the most commonly used drug in the first 12 months after kidney transplantation and was compared with placebo (fake drug), other drugs, or no active drug. Forty-three of the 65 studies (2698 participants) were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was done) and were not designed to measure the effects of the drug on fracture, death or heart or blood loss. Forty studies were of low or very low certainty in their findings (low to very low quality) and the evidence was of very low or low or moderate or high or moderate/high or both of the following: low risk of fracture, myocardial infarction, stroke, or heart failure, and brain injury or death, or all-cause or cardiovascular death. The evidence from this updated review indicates that, compared with a fake drug (placebo) over 12 months, corticosteroids (such as cinacalcet or teriparatide) may reduce fracture in kidney transplants receiving a kidney transplant. However, we are uncertain whether corticostimulants or other drugs in this class of patients have a role in the prevention of fractures in this group of patients. This is due to the very low- or low-certainty quality of the evidence, which means that we have very little confidence in the size of the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials that examined the effects of giving or not giving magnesium to people with alcohol withdrawal syndrome. We found four randomised studies that met the inclusion criteria. Three of these studies looked at the effect of parenteral (oral) magnesium and one study looked at pentin (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each of the studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and some imprecision (there was a chance of finding the wrong results because of the way the trials were done). We found no studies that assessed the effects or were at risk of making the wrong findings. Only one of the three trials looked at handgrip strength. This measure is a tool used to assess the strength of muscles used to move the head of a person’s head. It is often used in the first few days after taking a medicine (e.g. a pill) and has been shown to be an indicator of how strong the head is. This test was not used in any of the trials. The other trial looked at reducing the number of people who dropped out of the trial because of side effects. This study did not look at whether or not the medicine helped people to stop drinking and found no evidence that it helped. We did not find any studies that looked at how much or how often people dropped out or whether it had to be re-started (called the 'post-treatment' phase (where the medicine is left in the blood) or how long it took for people to come back to work (called withdrawal from work or work). All four trials had problems with the way they were done, which could have affected the reliability of their findings.
We searched for studies up to April 2015, and we found 15 randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-blinded trials, with 3057 participants. Ten of these trials were new for this update, and five (631) are the ones we were most interested in. Antibiotics can shorten the time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. The cure rate for rhinoinusitis in adults with rhinitis, whether or not confirmed by a test of the nose was 46% after 1 week and 64% after 14 days. Adverse events occurred more often in people treated with antibiotics than in those who did not, but this did not seem to increase the risk of harm. The evidence from the trials was of high-quality.
Eight RCTs (enrolling 2515 patients) were included in this review. Three trials (all performed in Asian countries) compared D3 with D2 lymphadenoscopically and found no differences between these two types of lymph node dissection. Data for postoperative mortality was available only from one trial and for no trial DSS data were available. Five trials compared D2 to D1 lymphadenoperacy and found similar rates of postoperative death and DFS between the groups. However, this result was based on findings from five of these trials and should be viewed with some caution due to the high risk of bias due to lack of data. In the other words, the evidence from these trials does not show that one type of lymph surgery is better than the other and that the risk of dying after the operation is about the same whether the lymph is removed or not.
This review aimed to find out if naltrexone is any more or less effective than other treatments in the field of opioid dependence. The aim of the review was to assess the efficacy and safety of naltrazone in this field. The findings of this review suggest that naltreone does not perform any more well than either benzodiazepine or buprenorphine in terms of the number of participants who were re-incured (whether they were forced to take the drug or not) and the amount of time it took for the drug to wear off. The results of the studies conducted have not been able to give us a clear answer to our question and so we are not able to draw any firm conclusions. The authors of the evidence from this review conclude that the evidence in this area is of very low quality. This is because there have been problems with the way in which the research has been done and the way the trials have been conducted. This means that we are uncertain as to whether there is any real effect.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at changes in the amount of fluid given and how much of it was given. We searched for RCTs up to July 2014. We found no trials on changes in food. We identified one RCT, which was part of a large multicentre trial, and the second RCT which was a cross-over (cross-over) randomised trial. Both trials were part of the same large trial and assessed changes in fluid used. The first RCT looked at the effect of two types of fluids (nectar thick and honey thick) in 351 people with dementia and Parkinson's to see if there were changes in how much or how often the fluids were given. The second trial looked at using honey thick liquids with a chin down head posture over a three-month follow-up study in 260 people with the same RCT. There were more pneumonia and side effects in the group treated with honey thick or honey thick fluids than in the control group, but this was not confirmed in the first trial. There may have been some bias in the design of both studies. We are not sure whether changes in fluids used during videofluoroscopy affect how much and how often fluid is given as there was some imprecision (variation) in the results from the first study, and some inconsistency (difficulty in the findings from the second study). We are uncertain about the long-term results as too few studies have been done as there are too few trials on this topic. The quality of evidence from both studies was low. This means that we are not as sure as we would be that these changes have not had an effect on how much fluid people drink up to three months.
We searched for studies up to March 2015. We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these was the largest, with 396 women included. The evidence from the trials showed that there was no evidence of a difference in live birth rates for women with a 53% chance of a live birth with standard IVF. However, for every 1000 menopause women treated with IVF for five years, between 34% and 53% would give birth live births. The chance of giving birth live birth would range from 34% to 53%. There was no difference between the groups in rates of OHSS (low to very low) or miscarriage (very low to high). There was insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of withdrawal from treatment. One of the largest trials has not yet completed follow up, though data from over 95% of the women in the largest trial has been reported. This trial did not look at the costs of IVF and so we do not know if this was a cost-effective or not. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the trials was very low to moderate. The main weakness was imprecision.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effects of Tai Chi in people with COPD for six weeks to one year. We found 12 RCTs that met our criteria, with a total of 984 participants. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. a 'placebo' (pretend) group that did not receive any treatment. The mean age of people in the Tai Chi group ranged from 61 to 74 years. The length of the studies ranged from five weeks to two years. Tai Chi was compared with usual care (e.g. usual care alone) or with other types of exercise. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. We were able to pool results from three studies that compared Tai Chi with breathing and breathing exercises alone or with a control group that either did not get Tai Chi or a Tai Chi Chi. We compared these three groups and found that Tai Chi had no effect on the amount of dyspnoea (shortness of breath) or quality of life in the six weeks after the start of the study. However, we found some very low to very low-to-very low-certainty data that showed that when Tai Chi is added to other forms of exercise, there is little or no effect. This means that while there may be some short-term benefits from Tai Chi, the long-term effects are not clear and need to be weighed with the risks of serious side effects. No side effects were reported in any of the three groups included in this review. Therefore, we are not able to draw any conclusions as to whether or not Tai Chi can be used as a treatment for COPD in adults with moderate to very severe COPD.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 36 new studies in this update. This is an update of the Cochrane Review, which found 35 new studies added to the 22 that had been included in the first version of this review. This update includes 35 new randomised studies in addition to the 25 that were found in the previous version of the review. We included a total of 2470 adults with stroke who had had a stroke (of any cause) for more than one month. The mean age of participants ranged from 45 years to 70 years. Most of the participants were middle-aged men, and the mean duration of treatment ranged from three weeks to 12 weeks. Most participants were followed up for between six months and two years. The main outcomes of interest were upper limb function, gait speed, balance, and quality of life. We did not find evidence that the use of the video games was more beneficial than usual care in terms of these outcomes. However, when they were added to usual care (providing a greater dose of treatment for those in the intervention group) this did not result in any difference between the groups. This review found that time to the onset of stroke was about one-seventh longer in those who used the videos compared to those who did not use them. We also found that people who used videos had about the same amount of time after their stroke that they did when they received no treatment or usual care. There was no difference in the length of time they spent in the immobile and unsteady gait, and there was no change in the speed of movement of the arm or balance. There were few adverse events, and most of them were mild. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. This was due to poor reporting of the methods used in many of the studies, and to the fact that many studies did not report all their results in a way that made it hard to tell whether they were at risk of bias.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found five RCTs (RCTs) with a total of 1330 people with bronchiolitis. None of the trials were of less than six months duration. Fluoroquinolones added to standard first-line treatment We found one RCT (174 participants) that added levofloxacin to the treatment with fluorquinolone. This trial did not look at whether there was an effect or not. We are very uncertain if there is an effect for all three outcomes for death, sputum conversion, and side-effects. For relapse, we are very low quality evidence that there is no effect (very low or very low or both very low/very low/low/high/high) for any of the three main outcomes. For death we do not know if there are any effects (low/moderate/high or very high/low) for all the three outcomes we looked at. For side-effect outcomes we did not find any evidence. For some of the outcomes we were not able to tell whether there were any differences between the two groups (e.g. change to a placebo (fake medicine) or a fake medicine (placebo). For other outcomes, we were able to find some very low to very low-quality evidence for an effect, but this was not enough to tell if there was any effect. We were unable to draw any conclusions because of the very low number of events that we found.
