This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that asthma education aimed at children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department presentation and hospital admission. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. Most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. Types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, microdiscectomy, hip joint replacement surgery, knee joint replacements surgery, anterior cruciate ligament repair, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoidectomy, abdominal surgery, radical prostatectomy (surgery to remove part of the prostate), thyroid surgery, elective caesarean section, and laparoscopic surgery. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls. Racemic ketamine bolus doses were predominantly 0.25 mg to 1 mg, and infusions 2 to 5 µg/kg/minute; 10 studies used only S-ketamine and one only R.ketamine. We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of small-study effects or because the number of participants was below 400. Risk of bias was generally low or uncertain, except for study size, most of which was small. We found evidence that intravenous ketamine reduced postoperative opioid consumption over 24 hours by 8 mg morphine equivalents. Over 48 hours, opioid consumption was 13 mg lower (moderate-quality evidence). Ketamine reduced pain at rest by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale. Pain during movement was reduced by 14% at 24 hours, and by 16% at 48 hours. Pain at rest or on movement, operation type, and timing of administration, or sensitivity to study size and pain intensity, were consistent. No analysis by dose was possible. There was no difference when nitrous oxide was used. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) participants receiving ketamine and 122/2924 (4%) receiving control treatment experienced an adverse event. The quality of evidence was high for pain reduction at rest and pain during movement, and high for reduction in postoperative nausea and vomiting, and moderate for reduction of postoperative hyperalgesia (low for nausea and dizziness). Side effects occurred in 52 studies, while 53 studies reported of absence of CNS adverse events. The evidence was of high quality for pain relief at rest, pain at movement, nausea, dizziness, and vomiting. We rated the quality as moderate or very low for postoperative pain relief. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and differences between studies.
The review of trials found that the MSP/RESA (Combination B) vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. Pretreatment for malaria during a vaccine trial makes the results difficult to interpret, particularly with the relatively small sample sizes of early trials. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role and merit further development.
Four studies, involving 125 participants, were included. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union of the long bones were included, but most data related to non-union of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). A sensitivity analysis conducted to determine the effect of multiple follow-up time-points on the heterogeneity amongst the studies showed that the effect size remained non-significant at 24 weeks. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients having an emergency operation. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the percentage of patients who died in the short term or in the number of serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants. The length of hospital stay was no different between the two groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the drains than in the no drain groups (seven trials; 775 participants). One trial involving 100 participants did not provide any significant difference in the return to normal activity and return to work between the groups in one trial. This trial did not report any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after the operation. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included in this review. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. The positive results described from the 49 studies of low quality are of questionable significance. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials. Eighteen trials found no adverse events. Two trials reported adverse events: adverse events occurred in the control group in one trial, and in the other it was unclear in which group the side effects occurred. 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored side effects. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy should be made with caution.
Five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) were included in this review. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Studies primarily reported on adverse events. One trial (N = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS (two events) and CAS (five events), with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the IAS group (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.92, P = 0.008). Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%).
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias involving 7,119 participants which described random assignment. Five trials randomised women to either immediate or delayed insertion of an intrauterine device (IUD). One of them randomised to immediate versus delayed insertion showed immediate insertion of the Copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion (RR 11.98, 95% CI 1.61 to 89.35, one study, 259 participants); the quality of evidence was moderate. Another trial randomised the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were likely to be higher for women in the Nova T group (MD 8.70; 95%CI 3.92 to 13.48; one study; 438 participants); moderate quality evidence. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates. From meta-analysis of two multicentre trials, pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lipses Loop as was expulsion (RR 0.61, 95%, CI 0.46 to 0.81; two studies; 2257 participants). In other work, adding a copper sleeve improves efficacy and reduces expulsion rates (RR 3.40 (95%CI 1.28 to 9.04, 1 study, 400 participants). Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of IUD immediately after abortion is safe and practical. IUD expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortions compared to delayed insertions. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared with delayed insertion.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. Meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haemat-diseased patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care control group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group, whose levels of depression remained constant (low quality of evidence). We found no information on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. More high quality randomised controlled trials are needed.
We identified three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens. There was no sufficient clinical similarity between the trials to perform a meta-analysis. All the trials were at high risk of bias. With the exception of one trial in which all the participants were positive for MRSA or had had previous MRSA infections, it does not appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high prevalence of MRSA carrier status in the people undergoing surgery. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 people developed MRSA due to MRSA. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic treatments in the trials. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there was no significant difference in the proportion of people developing SSIs. In one trial that compared antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) with placebo, the percentage of people who developed a MRSA infection was significantly lower in the group that received the antibiotic treatment (all SSI: RR 0.26; 95% CI 0.11 to 0.65) compared with placebo (MRSA SSI RR 1.05; MSSSI RR 2.05). In the two trials that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, 19/478 (4.5%) people in the antibiotic group developed aMRSA infection including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia. No significant differences were found in these two comparisons. In conclusion, there is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or an increased number of antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing gastrostomy in terms of reducing MRSA-related infections. Well designed RCTs are necessary on this topic.
We included two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Overall, the number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. There was no information on serious maternal morbidity or mortality. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20.05). There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. Women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included two relatively small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences between the groups.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarian section. However, staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased incidence of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but due to the small number of trials contributing to each analysis the results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
The purpose of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. Two small randomised controlled trials recruiting 23 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain.
In this updated review we identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion (28 from the original search and 28 from the updated search), with the majority carried out in participants with breast cancer (28 studies). A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 control participants. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be statistically more effective than the control intervention. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for interventions delivered during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. In relation to diagnosis, we identified benefits of exercise for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with haematological malignancies. Finally, aerobic exercise significantly reduced fatigue but resistance training and alternative forms of exercise failed to reach significance. The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with solid tumours. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of exercise intervention.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatment groups) of adults (16 to 65 years of age) with HL. We included all five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses: the HD9 and HD14 trials were co-ordinated in Germany, the HD2000 and GSM-HD trials were performed in Italy and the EORTC 20012 trial was conducted in Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as therapy blinding was not feasible. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear. All trials reported results for OS and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to the our first published review (2011), we included five trials in total i.e. one trial could be added on the previous review. These trials included only adults with HL aged between 16 and 65 years old. We found moderate- to high-quality evidence that adult patients between 16 to 60 years old with early unfavourable HL and advanced stage HL have a survival advantage regarding OS and PFS. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the BEACOPP escalated arm compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS of 3142 participants. After five years only 144 (121 to 168) patients with HL will experience a progress, relapse or death, compared to 250 (122 to 167) patients in each arm. There is no evidence for a difference for treatment-related mortality. Although the occurrence of MDS or AML may increase with BEACP escalated (3332 participants), there is no difference between both regimens for overall secondary malignancies. However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (106 participants). This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalation of the chemotherapy regimens probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV ((anaemia: 2425 participants, RR 10.67 (95% CI 7.14 to 15.93); neutropenia: 519 participants; thrombocytopenia (a type of blood clot); infections: 24 25 participants; RR 3.73 ( 95% CI 2.58 to 5.38))). Only one trial planned to assess quality of life, however, no results were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients or both (two trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Results showed no difference in the effect on quality of life between the interventions. In one study patients with breast cancer were offered a physical training programme. Low quality evidence suggested that physical training was not more effective in improving RTW. Seven studies assessed the effects of a medical intervention. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. We found no differences in the effectiveness of the interventions in improving the RTW of patients with cancer. We also found moderate quality evidence that interventions involving physical, psychoeducational or vocational components led to a higher RTW rate than care as a usual practice. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias (risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We judged nine studies to be of low quality.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interests. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel. There was no clear difference in the average treatment effect across included trials between women allocated to CTG and women given intermittent auscultation in instrumental vaginal birth and perinatal mortality rate. Women allocated to admission CTG had, on average, a higher probability of an increase in the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in the number of babies who died before birth. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcome measures including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (incidence only reported) and incidence of seizures in the neonatal period (in one trial involving 8056 infants; low quality evidence). We found no data reported for severe neurodevelopmental disability assessed at greater than, or equal to, 12 months of age. Contrary to continued use in some clinical areas, we found no evidence of benefit for the use of the CTG for low-risk women on admission in labour in this review. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admissionCTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission to hospital. Women should be informed that admission CTGs are likely associated with an increase of caesarian section rate without evidence of any benefit. Furthermore, the probability is that women allocated CTG have, on an average, 20% more caesaryan sections. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One study suggested that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of differences between the culture media used. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. Properly designed and executed randomised trials are necessary.
The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. However, they were unable to identify any randomised trials which met the inclusion criteria. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice. As some papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at the first visit would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness of communication and overcome the ethical dilemmas previously mentioned.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1006 randomised participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. There was a significant reduction in reports of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There were also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain up to three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency. The quality of the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. Due to the nature of the main interventions of interest, it was impossible to blind the therapists as to whether the participant was in the intervention or control arm. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high risk of performance bias (risk of overestimating the benefits and underestimating the harms of the intervention). Three studies were thought to have a high-risk of outcome bias. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to interpret findings from studies.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The following antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers were evaluated in at least one randomised controlled trial: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine (or levocabastine), mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, and pemirolast potassium. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. We observed a large variability in reporting outcomes. Meta-analysis was only possible in one comparison. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamine and mastcell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of antihistaminics and mast cells stabilisers treatment. Direct comparisons of different drugs and treatment comparisons need to be interpreted with caution.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. Two studies met the inclusion criteria for the review and a third was identified as ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). No difference was observed in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study assessing this outcome. For smokeless tobacco use, no difference was found between the skills-community arm and the control group at 42 weeks (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.30). Whilst the second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test (p < 0.05), this was not maintained at six month follow up (change score -0.11 for intervention and 0.07 for control). Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth in this population. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is twice that of the non-Indigenous population, with tobacco experimentation commencing at an early age. As such, a significant health disparity exists where Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality.
We included one randomised controlled trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) in this review. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. There were no clear differences in maternal mortality, perinatal mortality or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), congestive cardiac failure (very low-quality evidence), acute chest syndrome (low quality evidence) and acute splenic sequestration (low-quality of evidence), haemolytic crises (low to very low quality of evidence) or delayed red blood cell transfusion reaction between the comparison groups. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and haenolytic disease of the newborn, were not reported by the trial. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on how best to give blood transfusions to pregnant women with HbSC and HbSβThal. The available data and quality of the evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy.
