This review found that children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department visits and hospital admissions. There remains uncertainty as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants were randomised to receive ketamine or placebo, or no treatment. The studies were generally of low or uncertain quality, except for study size; most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. No analysis by dose was possible. There was no difference when nitrous oxide was used. We downgraded the quality of evidence because of small-study effects or because the number of participants was below 400. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) participants receiving ketamine and 122/2924 (4%) receiving placebo experienced an adverse event, while 53 studies reported of absence of CNS adverse events.
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but MSP andRESA significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype of the MSP2 (the variant included in the vaccine) were reduced, while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not (720 children).
This review found that electromagnetic field stimulation may offer some benefit in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of long bone fractures. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
This review found that there is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) (adjusted proportion: 0.1%) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) (0.2%) (RR 0.41; 95% CI 0.04 to 4.37) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. The percentage of patients who developed serious adverse events in the seven trials with 1143 participants reporting this outcome or in the number of serious side effects in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants reported by a total of 1.5 events per 100 participants). This trial did not provide any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes.
This review found no evidence to support the effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicines for diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included herbal medicines should be made with caution.
We found five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. One trial found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia), with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the IAS group. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles.
This review found that insertion of an IUD immediately after abortion is safe and practical. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared to delayed insertion. In other studies, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detection bias because of missing data due to abstract publication only, thus we judged the overall risk of bias as high.
We identified three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation.
This review found that there is currently no evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or administering prophylactic antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery in terms of reducing MRSA infections. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there were no significant differences in the proportion of people who developed SSIs. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic regimens in four trials (three trials that reported mortality and one other trial). There was no sufficient clinical similarity between the trials to perform a meta-analysis.
This review found two small randomised controlled trials (involving 116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. The number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20).
This review found that staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with sutures, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarean section. However, for both of these outcomes, staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical.
We identified 11 studies with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. No studies reported cardiovascular events. Green tea was found to produce statistically significant reductions in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and blood pressure over six months, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis, and results were not stable to sensitivity analysis. When both tea types were analysed together they showed favourable effects on LDL cholesterol, blood pressure and total cholesterol. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the prevention of CVD.
This review found only two small randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 23 participants, which did not provide sufficient evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering.
We identified 56 studies involving 4068 participants. The majority of studies were carried out in participants with breast cancer. A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 control participants. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be statistically more effective than the control intervention. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for interventions delivered during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. Finally, aerobic exercise significantly reduced fatigue but resistance training and alternative forms of exercise failed to reach significance. The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses: the HD9 and HD14 trials were co-ordinated in Germany, the HD2000 and GSM-HD trials were performed in Italy and the EORTC 20012 trial was conducted in Belgium. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). All trials reported results for overall survival and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to the our first published review (2011), the addition of results from the ERCTC20012 BEACOPP escalated increases survival advantage. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS, meaning that only 144 (121 to 168) patients would experience a progression, relapse or death if treated with ABVD. There is no evidence for a difference between both regimens for overall secondary malignancies. However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalation of chemotherapy probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured.
We found 15 studies involving 1835 cancer patients. All studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients, (two trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. We found low quality evidence that less radical, functioning conserving approaches had similar RTW rates as more radical treatments and moderate quality evidence of no differences in quality of life outcomes. In all studies a less radical or functional conserving approach was compared with a more radical treatment.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of concern. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel. Women allocated to admission CTG had, on average, higher rates of continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labour and fetal blood sampling than women allocated to intermittent auscultation. There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcome measures including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy and incidence of seizures in the neonatal period. The data lacked power to detect important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences.
This review found that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. An optimal embryo culture medium is important for embryonic development and subsequently the success of IVF or ICSI treatment.
This review found that there were no randomised controlled trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis.
This review found 17 studies with 1006 participants that compared psychological interventions with no intervention with no treatment. There was a significant reduction in reports of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was associated with reduced chest pain frequency but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on severity. The evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high risk of bias in the other domains.
This review found that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers may reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical prophylactic treatment. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low.
In this review, we found two studies that involved 1505 Indigenous youth and were based in Native American populations (1505 in total). Both studies were carried out in the USA and one in Canada. The other study was based in the UK and one was in Australia. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population. Both studies found no difference between the skills-community arm and the control group for smokeless tobacco use at 42 weeks, but a significant difference was observed between skills-only group and control group. Whilst the second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test, this was not maintained at six month follow-up (change score -0.11 for intervention and 0.07 for control). The studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the effectiveness of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth.
We found one trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal mortality occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. Very low-quality evidence indicated no clear differences in maternal mortality, perinatal mortality, or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism, congestive cardiac failure, acute chest syndrome, acute splenic sequestration), haemolytic crises, and delayed blood transfusions reaction between the comparison groups. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) were not reported by the trial.
We identified 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. When direct and indirect comparisons were available, network meta-analysis provided additional effect estimates for comparisons where there were no direct comparisons. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. Blood transfusion quantity (red blood cells) was lower with fibrin sealant than control; blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time were lower with low central venous pressure. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. Paucity of data meant that we could not assess transitivity assumptions and inconsistency for most analyses.
This review found that the best treatment for PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the differences of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. We found no significant differences between different drugs within the loop diuretic class. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. We performed additional searches in 2012 and 2014, which found no additional trials meeting the minimum inclusion criteria. The quality of evidence for both systolic and diastolic blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There were considerable differences in the methods of local anaesthetic instillation including the location (subdiaphragmatic, gallbladder bed, or both locations) and timing (before or after the removal of galladder) between the trials. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported mortality. One participant experienced the outcome of serious complications (eight trials; 446 participants; 1/236 (0%) in the control group versus 0/210 (0% in control group). Three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) versus 40/82 (48.8%)). The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the group of participants at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. The MD in length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. Serious adverse events were rare in studies evaluating local anaesthesia intraperitoneal instillation. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces pain. However, the clinical importance of this reduction in pain is unknown and likely to be small. Further trials of low risk of systematic and random errors are necessary.
We identified 74 studies that were eligible for this review and classified them according to the antigens they detected. We found that HRP-2 antibody-based tests (such as the Type 1 tests) tended to be more sensitive and were significantly less specific than pLDH-based blood tests, but the differences are small. In comparison with microscopy, we identified 71 evaluations of diagnostic tests, eight evaluations of Type 2 tests and five evaluations of type 3 tests. In meta-analyses, average sensitivity and specificity were 94.8% (93.1% to 96.1%) and 95.2% for Type 1 and 95% (94.0% to 97.3%) for Type 3 tests, respectively. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with P. falciparum would be 34 with Type 1, and nine with Type 4 tests. If the point estimates for diagnostic tests are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have symptoms, the number of patients wrongly identified with symptoms would be 97.5% and 98.5%, respectively. Overall, the quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality.
We found five studies that were conducted in the UK, and tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length of consultation on resources used. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the absence of data on participants' characteristics and small sample sizes. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction.
This review found only three small trials that evaluated virologic efficacy and safety of high dose versus low dose of stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none reported from developing countries. The studies were at a high risk of selection, performance/detection and selective outcome reporting biases. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride levels in two studies and body mass index in one study. In light of variation in the design and follow-up of the study results, no meta-analysis was performed and the results of single studies are presented.
We found 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in intensive care unit mortality without increasing the risk of barotrauma, but had no effect on 28-day and hospital mortality. Data from four trials showed no difference in in-hospital mortality. We found significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials. We downgraded the quality of evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure.
This review found 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that assessed the effectiveness of psychological interventions in the treatment of asthma in adults. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report significant differences between treatment and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy (OR 4.47, CI 1.22 to 16.44). There was no significant difference in FEV1 for relaxation therapy in four studies of 150 patients, (SMD -0.01, CI-0.41 to 0.40). Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire, showed a positive effect following CBT (WMD 0.71, CI 0.23 to 1.19). Peak Expiratory Flow outcome data in two trials, (51 patients), indicated a significant improvement in favour of bio-feedback therapy, but not significant difference following relaxation therapy. The remainder of the findings between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in trial design.
This review found that antidepressants and benzodiazepines were no better than placebo in terms of response rate. We found that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs (when looking at the number of patients experiencing adverse effects). We did not find significant differences between individual benzoiazepines. The quality of evidence was low, so further research is needed.
This review found that endoscopic stenting with plastic was associated with a lower risk of complications, but with a higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death when compared with surgery. There was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality by meta-analysis.
We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric patients. Four RCTs compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and one compared ultrasound with Doppler auditory assistance. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. We found moderate-quality evidence that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared with other types of guidance. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. Similarly, our results suggest, but do not confirm, the possibility of a positive influence of expertise in the use of ultrasound on first attempt success rate.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (involving 80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies conducted in Canada, which were conducted in general population studies in the 1970s and 80s. Two of the ITS studies evaluated the implementation of an advertising ban and one study evaluated the lifting of such a ban. Each study evaluated a different type of ban (partial or full) compared with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions during the control period. A meta-analysis of the two ITS studies showed an overall mean non-significant increase in beer consumption in the general population of 1.10% following the ban. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month by 14.89 kilolitres, and spirits sales decreased statistically significantly by 22.49 kilograms per month after the ban was lifted. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to a serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population and serious level of imprecision.
This review found that there is no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important outcomes.
We included one small trial that compared transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding. We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal ischaemia. We found one small study that reported on a limited number of outcomes of interest in this review. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). The trial did not report on this review's other primary outcomes. There was no clear difference in the incidence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection, and caesarean section, nor was there a clear effect on the duration of maternal antibiotic treatment, nor in the time women spent in hospital. The study did not provide any information about how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. The quality of the evidence was low, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review found three studies with a total of 1620 participants which evaluated the accuracy and utility of the Mini-Cog as a cognitive screening test in community settings. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. There were few studies assessing the diagnostic accuracy of the mini-COG in community setting. There was clinical and methodological heterogeneity between the studies which precluded a pooled meta-analysis of the results. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection.
We found 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts. These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten studies were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool, mainly because amphetamine have powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design.
We included 10 studies with a total of 811 participants. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition (low quality evidence). Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo.
This review found that the addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine they were aimed at the organisation of care, and 20 studies targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. A combination of professional interventions improved process outcomes. The effect on patient outcomes remained less clear as these were rarely assessed. Arrangements for follow-up (organisational intervention) also showed a favourable effect on processes. Multiple interventions in which patient care was added or in which the role of the nurse was enhanced also reported favourable effects on patients' outcomes. Multifaceted professional interventions can enhance the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes.
We found five trials that included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The trials compared hormonal and intrauterine contraceptive methods with each other or with no hormonal method. The studies compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel interuterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG- IUS 12 µg versus a copper contraceptive device (IUD). In the trials comparing two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group assigned to the LNG, which may have little clinic relevance. In another trial, continuation of the hormonal method appeared at least as high as that for the IUD. We considered the overall quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review found that immunotherapy significantly reduced asthma symptoms and asthma medications, and improved bronchial hyper-reactivity. There was no consistent effect on lung function. If 16 patients were treated with immunotherapy, one would be expected to develop a local adverse reaction (such as anaphylaxis).
This review found no new studies which were eligible for inclusion in this update. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials involving 1297 patients. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk of 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 0.88); hospital mortality was reduced with a RR of 0%. Overall mortality was not significantly different if a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in the control group was used. The effects on long-term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be ruled out.
We included 15 studies with 1833 participants. We found that the intravenous technique is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. However, we found evidence of low quality from a limited number of studies.
This review found four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and number of placebo patients who received active treatment. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data. The combined results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment (weighted Mean Difference (WMD) = 0.42, 95% CI 0.30, 0.53). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were significantly reduced significantly in three trials assessing this outcome. More patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies.
This review found that PTCRA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period compared to angioplasty alone, but was associated with a higher risk of an angiographically detectable vascular spasm, a perforation of a blood vessel, and about twice the risk that blood vessels were blocked. In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions, or those with lesions that fail PTCA), PTCARA may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures.
This review found that nebulised rhDNase did not reduce the length of hospital stay or improve clinical outcomes. There was no significant difference in adverse events such as temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, and bad taste.
We found two studies with 181 participants. One study was a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The other was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found moderate-quality evidence that the percutaneous approach was faster than the cut-down femoral artery access technique for short-term mortality, aneurysm exclusion, major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications. Only one study reported duration of intensive care unit (intensive care unit) and hospital stay, with no difference found between groups. No wound infections occurred in either study. There was no difference in major complication rate between groups, or in bleeding complications and haematoma. We detected differences in operating time, with percutaneously approach being significantly faster than cut-up femoral arteries access. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision.
This review found that the sponge was significantly less effective than the diaphragm in preventing overall pregnancy. The rates were 24.5 for the sponge and 10.9 in the UK trial. Similarly, discontinuation rates at 12 months were higher with the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review.
This review found that there is no strong evidence to support any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or amelioration of cognitive deficits. Non-randomised studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence.
This review found two studies that were assessed as at high risk of bias, reporting data from 26 analysed participants. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the estimates were imprecise. No studies reported on the effects of the intervention on the remaining primary outcomes of pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another.
We found two randomised controlled trials (involving 281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that compared combined oestrogen and progestogen with no treatment. One trial was based on 161 women with a history of diabetes. The other trial involved 282 women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF). This trial did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal death or rates of preterm birth), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. The two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. There is an insufficient evidence from trials to assess the use of combined hormone and progesterone for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
This review of 14 studies found that TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16, 63% to 26% respectively). The numbers of participants needed to harm (NNH for withdrawal due to side effects) ranged from 4 to 30 for TCA (excluding three studies with no harmful events leading to withdrawal) and 20 to 90 for SSRI.
This review found that ibuprofen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. Side effects were mostly mild and transient, occurring at the same rate as with placebo.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (involving 3497 participants with dry eye). Due to the heterogeneity of study characteristics among the included trials with respect to types of diagnostic criteria, interventions, comparisons, and measurements taken, our ability to perform meta-analyses was limited. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic artificial tears in two trials assessing this comparison. All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no differences. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
This review found that there is limited evidence to evaluate second-line therapies in patients with HIV who fail first-line treatment with a WHO-recommended regimen. One randomised trial found no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamivudine and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those who were on a third-line regimen compared to those on a 3TC/FTC-sparing regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations with non-thymidine analog combinations.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We found that all investigated index tests had relatively low sensitivities with high variability. For difficult laryngoscopy, the summary sensitivity ranged from 0.22 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.13 to 0.33; mouth opening test) and the summary specificity was 0.80. The modified Mallampati test had the highest sensitivity for diagnosing difficult tracheal intubation compared to the other tests. In contrast, specificities were consistently and markedly higher than sensitivities across all tests. Among the tests we examined, the upper lip bite test showed the most favourable diagnostic test accuracy properties.
This review found that probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency in acute infectious diarrhoea. More research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term and medium-term effects of this newly-formulated therapy. Results concerning engagement with non-inpatient services favoured the intervention group in both the short term (n = 50, 1 RCT, MD 2.00, 95% CI 0.13 to 3.87) and medium term. Results for the adverse effects/events of death were measured by 12 months, but with no statistical significance. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF) imputation method used in analyses of the primary outcomes could overestimate treatment effect. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. Pregabalin increased the number of participants experiencing substantial benefit (at least 50% pain intensity reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment) (450 mg: RR 1.8, 95% CI 1.4 to 2.7, 18, and 19 respectively for all doses combined (high quality evidence)). Serious adverse events did not differ between active treatment groups and placebo (very low quality evidence). Withdrawals due to adverse events were about 10% higher with pregabin than placebo, but withdrawals due to lack of efficacy were about 6% lower. A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged between 7 and 14. A small study (177 participants) compared nightly with twice-daily pregaban, and concluded there was no difference in effect. Two studies (1492 participants began initial dose titration, 687 participants randomised) had an EERW design with a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. The NNT was 5, but normalised to the starting population tested it was 12. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the MTR outcome, similar to the result from studies of classic design. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants) of participants in all treatment groups experienced adverse events.
This review found only one trial involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between magnesium sulphate and placebo in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth, nor in rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section. There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) than in the placebo group. However, no significant differences in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment were observed.
This review identified four studies that investigated the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions in Indigenous populations. Two studies used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. The evidence is current to May 2017. The review found that smoking cessation programmes aimed at improving health outcomes for Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However this evidence base is not strong with a small number of methodologically sound trials investigating these interventions. More rigorous trials are now required to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco related health disparities in Indigenous and non-Indigenous populations.
We included 13 studies involving 5686 patients. We found that PAC did not affect the mortality, general ICU or hospital LOS, or cost for adult patients in intensive care. Four studies, conducted in the United States, reported costs based on hospital charges billed, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Of the eight studies of high-risk surgery patients, five evaluated the effectiveness of pre-operative optimization but there was no difference in mortality when these studies were examined separately.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution further reduces the pain.
This review found that there is currently insufficient evidence to either to support or refute secondary suturing for the management of broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Only three studies indicated that compared with antiviral drugs, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing influenza and alleviating influenza symptoms. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which adverse reactions were reported). There were no significant differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. Ten studies reported mild adverse events.
This review found eight studies with a total of 585 participants that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of thrombolytic therapy, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange. The evidence is current to May 2017. The review found no evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. Pharmacological interventions appear to have a bridging role and long-term catheter survival may be improved by the use of pharmacological interventions. Based on the available evidence, physical disruption of a sheath using interventional radiology techniques appears to be equally efficacious as the immediate management of dysfunctional catheter patency.
This review found that the addition of one or more drugs to the regimen shows a statistically significant advantage for tumour response in women with metastatic breast cancer but the results suggest no difference in survival time or time to progression.
This review found that patients discharged from a neonatal intensive care unit are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of inpatient stay. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two trials compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence that one therapeutic ultrasound regimen is more efficacious than another. Only two studies reported the primary outcome of interest, short-term overall improvement (any measure in which patients indicate the intensity of their complaints compared with baseline, for example, global rating of improvement, satisfaction with treatment, within three months post-treatment). One low quality trial with 68 participants found that therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of overall improvement at the end of seven weeks treatment, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. No studies reported any adverse effects of therapeutic ultrasound, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. Differences between groups receiving different frequencies and intensities of ultrasound, and between ultrasound plus splint, were generally small and not statistically significant for symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastarin, simvastatin and clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. There was no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statin therapy in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later.
This review found that comprehensive tobacco control programmes can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used.
This review found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances in the short-term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, anxiety and fatigue. No trial adequately reported safety-related data.
We found one study that compared early post-operative imaging (within 48 hours of surgery) with no early postoperative imaging with respect to overall survival (deaths) at one year after surgery and little or no difference in overall survival at two years after surgery. No other review outcomes were reported. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we identified no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies.
This review found that chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiapine fails to provide high-quality trial based data.
This review found that nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious adverse events.
We included seven studies with a total of 885 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one trial), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior. The quality of evidence for the primary outcomes was low.
We found 23 trials with 1586 participants. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described randomisation and allocation concealment adequately. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. Quinine was compared to placebo (20 trials, 1140), vitamin E (four trials, 543), a combination of vitamin E and vitamin E plus the vitamin E combination (three trials, 510), and xylocaine injections into the gastrocnemius muscle (one trial, n = 24). A significantly greater number of people suffered minor adverse events on placebo (risk difference (RD) 3%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0% to 6%), mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (0.12%).
We found seven randomized controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers. Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. We found no trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramps (for example amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease). In contrast, for those experiencing fatigue-associated rest cramps the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is needed.
We found one study that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The trial used change in walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a measure of function. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in peak oxygen uptake (VO2max) was similar in the training group (-0.12 mL/kg/min) and the usual care group (-1.22 mg/ml/min, 95% CI -2.16 to 4.6; N = 12). A clinically meaningful increase in VO2max is 3.5 mL per kg/min. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT) total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-quality evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision.
This review found that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization in patients with cervical radiculopathy; but there is little or no difference in the long-term. There is very low quality evidence that patients with mild myelopathy feel subjectively better shortly after surgery.
This review found that telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included 84 studies with 22,872 participants. Studies were of moderate or low quality. We found that there are no substantive benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the results are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, suggesting that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias.
We found 29 studies with 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition biases and at high risk of bias associated with blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. We found no evidence about harms. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for asthma control and quality of life, but generally did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits for adults or children.
This review found three small trials involving 226 participants. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials involved patients with CT-verified ICH. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials and the proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition did not differ significantly between mannitol-treated patients and controls. Adverse events were either not found or not reported.
This review found that D-penicillamine appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity.
We found four relevant trials. All of the studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, and the fourth study compared the decoctive of Huangqi with two other Chinese herbal interventions. None of the trials reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoctions were given in addition to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (WBC <3 x 10^9 per L). Huangqi was also associated with increases in the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3; CD4 and CD8. Huangqi had no significant effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), which included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA plus DHA versus DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated dHA and vitamin A versus vitamin A only. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity at five years follow-up. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any of the other trials. All three trials were graded as low risk of bias for all other domains.
We included three trials with 414 participants at risk of job loss. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. Included trials investigated job loss (n = two RCTs; 382 participants), work absenteeism and work functioning. Overall, we evaluated the two smaller trials as having a high risk of bias and the large trial as having no bias.
We found three studies that included 285 neonates (140 received arginine and 140 received placebo) from three countries. The evidence is current up to May 2017. We found that the risk of developing NEC was significantly reduced in the control group compared with the treatment group. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC (any stage) was 6 (95% CI 4 to 10). We found no significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. The overall methodological quality of the included studies was good.
We found four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg). No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses.
This review found that the administration of prophylactic vancomycin reduced the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcus aureus in the neonate. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of developing resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials.
This review found that gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression. There were no differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate; 11 trials). Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied compared with those treated with alternative dressings (3 trials). Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam (2 trials). Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied.
We found seven trials that included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the implant. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. Exceptions were seen mainly in older studies with limited information.
This review found that red-light cameras are effective in reducing total traffic crashes. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance.
The review authors identified four studies involving 494 participants that compared warfarin to placebo in patients with acute thromboembolism aged 18 years or older. The review authors analyzed each study separately because it was not possible to perform a subgroup analysis by inpatient or outpatient status. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarins versus placebo for the proportion inpatients with acute venous thrombosis. Another study showed significantly benefit of 5-mg versus placebo in outpatients who were admitted to hospital. A third study showed no difference between the two groups. No difference was observed in minor bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of hospital stay. No differences were observed in recurrence of blood clots at 90 days, or in the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. Furthermore, there were some important differences in baseline characteristics of participants between the experimental and control groups. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was only very low certainty for our other primary outcome, activities of daily living and functional performance, therefore we were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise, and the overall certainty for most results was very low.
This review found that home-based care does not appear to have a significant impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with care. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for children. Three studies reported a reduction in parental anxiety and improvement in child behaviours. Overall increased parental satisfaction was reported in three studies. Also, better parental coping and family functioning were reported in one study. One study each reported no impact on parental burden of care or on functional status of children.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM versus non-ICM. ICM was compared with standard care for the outcome service use, ICM may make little or no difference in reducing the number of days in hospital per month (n = 2220, 21 RCTs, MD-0.08, 95% CI -0.37 to 0.10). Combining both variables within the model, 'organisation fidelity' is no longer significant, but the 'baseline hospital use' result still significantly influences time in hospital compared to non- ICM. Similarly, for the outcomes social functioning, there was uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment as compared to other interventions. Finally, the results showed that ICM probably reduces the number leaving the intervention early, and may reduce the average number of admissions.
This review found no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. None of the remaining secondary outcomes such as mortality and morbidity were reported when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee satisfaction.
This review found no evidence to support or refute peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis.
This review found that early nutritional support may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Further trials are required.
This review found that digital interventions may lower alcohol consumption, with an average reduction of up to three standard drinks per week compared to control participants. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory, Transtheoretical Model and Social Norms Theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions.
We included 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. In addition, we judged 20 of the 24 studies as having a high risk of bias in at least one domain. Two primary outcomes of efficacy and acceptability showed a possible advantage of Benzodiazepine over placebo. However, the number of dropouts due to adverse effects was higher with benzodiazines than with placebo. Furthermore, our analyses of adverse events showed that a higher proportion of participants experienced at least a side effect when treated with benzidiazepines.
We found 13 studies involving 1520 participants. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or high blood pressure, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. No studies reported on cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (all studies had follow-up of one year or less). There was also considerable heterogeneity between studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine studies statistically for cardiovascular risk (I2 statistic for systolic blood pressure (SBP) was 96%, for total cholesterol 96%, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) 95%) and triglycerides (total cholesterol reductions ranged from -1.30 mmol/L to -4.43 mmHg). Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai chi improved quality of life at three months. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. Due to the limited evidence available currently no conclusions can be drawn as to the effectiveness of tai Chi on CVD risk factors.
This review found that family-based interventions can have a positive effect on preventing children and adolescents from starting to smoke. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to a control group receiving no intervention, than there were for other compairsons. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria.
This review found that corticosteroid therapy with dexamethasone resulted in less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10, with a lower score indicating less nausea) compared to placebo. Frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups, and the interventions were well tolerated. The quality of evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies.
We found 10 studies that included 1345 children. Three studies included HIV-infected children, four studies included children with cystic fibrosis, and one study included infants with sickle cell disease, cancer, and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders. The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection was moderate. There was no significant effect on mortality with antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin). There was an increased risk of emergence of pathogenic strains with antibiotic prophylaxis in two studies reporting this outcome. In three studies, there was a significant reduction in the frequency of pulmonary exacerbations. In two studies assessing the benefit of antibiotics, the number of infections of Pseudomonas infections was significantly reduced. In the one study of children with infective pneumococcus septicaemia, a significantly lesser proportion of children had pneumococcal septaciaemia. The effect of antibiotics on growth was inconsistent across the studies.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitric oxide and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications, surgical complications, or surgical morbidity. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low quality. Four trials (69 participants) compared helium pneumperitoneum or carbon dioxide pneumoperum (75 participants) and one trial involving 33 participants did not state the number of participants in each group. The quality of the evidence is very low. The evidence of lower hospital costs and reduced pain during the first day after surgery with room air versus carbon dioxide is uncertain. There were three serious adverse events (subcutaneous emphysema) related to helium and one serious adverse event related to room air. Evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that room air may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery.
This review found that dexamethasone was associated with an increased risk of BPD and abnormal neurodevelopmental outcomes when compared with a lower dose regimen. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ corticosteroids and lack of long-term outcomes in most studies.
This review found that corticosteroids and intravenous immunoglobulins did not reduce the risk of heart disease after one year. However, all results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. Investigators in five studies did not report adverse events.
This review found six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticide spraying to be effective. One study found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce the number of trachomas in the community. Another study revealed that health education reduced the incidence of trechoma. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, however, which found that there was no difference in another trial that used insecticides.
This review found that cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective in reducing fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies. The evidence base at follow-up is limited to a small group of studies with inconsistent findings.
We found only one low-quality clinical study which had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Participants were randomised to receive oral vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo (n = 19) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Compared to the placebo group, the vitamin D group had significantly higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, but the quality of the evidence was low. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between vitamin D and placebo groups. Furthermore, the review included physical functioning PedsQL scores which were reported as absolute change from baseline. Regarding the frequency of pain, vitamin D had significantly fewer pain days compared to placebo group. The quality of evidence for this outcome was moderate. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice.
We found only one study that was funded by the Australian Research Council; the University of Sydney International Development Fund; Douglas and Lola Douglas Scholarship on Child and Adolescent Health; Nadia Verrall Memorial Scholarship; and a James Kentley Memorial Fellowship. This study recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). Children were allocated randomly to one of the two treatments. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and language pathologist between one month to four months after-treatment. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-3 and ReST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. The study did not assess the outcome of functional communication. There is limited evidence that, when delivered in one hour sessions, NDP--3 or ReST may effect improvement in word accuracy in children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and accuracy of connected speech.
This review found that antibiotics probably reduce the risk of recurrent toxoplasma retinochoroiditis, but there is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect. There was an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia.
We included 43 trials involving 3749 people with mainly trochanteric fractures. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) compared the intramedullary hip screw (IMHS) with the SHS. The SHS was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for proximal femoral nail (PFN). None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) of other nail versus extramousullary implant comparisons provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed retrospective data for 47 women who received either palliative surgery (n = 27) or medical management with Octreotide and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Although six (22%) women had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, multivariable analysis found that women who had surgery had significantly (p < 0.001) better survival after adjustment for important prognostic factors. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not adequately reported and adverse events were incompletely documented. We found only low quality evidence comparing palliation and medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other.
This review found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 244 women with PCOS. Two trials (184 women) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women) examined the effect of atorvastarin. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI), fasting insulin or homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) insulin resistance. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies.
We found no new studies. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques for palliative control of vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources.
This review found that temozolomide appears to be an effective primary therapy in GBM compared to radiotherapy alone. It prolongs survival and delays progression without impacting on quality of life, but it does increase early adverse events.
This review of two studies found that contracting-in may improve health care access and use of health care facilities, but may not have an effect on population health outcomes. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs) and training district health systems managers have not been adequately investigated.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups. However, the analysis was underpowered to detect a difference between groups. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, and tracheostomy. Duration of mechanical ventilation, length of intensive care unit stay, and length of hospital stay were measured in the three studies. Chest pain, chest tightness, and adverse effects were each measured in one study.
This review found that cerivastatin may lower cholesterol, total cholesterol, and triglycerides, but the effect was not consistent over the commonly prescribed dose range. This review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the drug because of the short duration of trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in 42% of the trials.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients to remote ischaemia preconditioning by cuff inflation or by iliac clamping. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no differences in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, or all-cause mortality compared to control. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients who were treated by the AKIN. The remaining 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group.
This review found that there was insufficient evidence on the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after stroke. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
This review found that insulin and glucose, compared to cation-exchange resin, caused a reduction in all cause mortality that was of borderline statistical significance: RR 0.18 (95% CI 0.03 to 1.15); RD -0.66 (95%). In the study of Hu, the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage was significantly reduced (RR 0.30). No differences noted in mortality or other clinical outcomes (Singh 2002). No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of insulin and blood sugar or albuterol inhalation. Other interventions listed in our objectives have not been studied to date. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This review found that IVIg started within two weeks of onset hastens recovery compared with supportive care alone. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment. There were also no differences in the other measures considered. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) that compared a high fraction of inspired oxygen with a lower fraction. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, inspired oxygen was not associated with all-cause mortality within the longest follow-up period or within 30 days. Similarly, when all trials were included, influenced oxygen levels were similar in all trials. A high fraction was associated with respiratory insufficiency, serious adverse events, and a similar effect was noted in the trials adequately blinded for the outcome assessment. We did not observe an effect on surgical site infections in any other subgroup analyses. Given the risk of attrition and outcome reporting bias, as well as other weaknesses in the available evidence, further randomized controlled trials with a large sample size and long-term follow up are warranted.
This review found that oral antibiotics are associated with an increased chance of complete resolution of OME at various time points. However, there is evidence that children treated with antibiotics are more likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. The impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing is uncertain and low quality evidence did not show that antibiotics were associated with fewer ventilation tube insertions. None of the trials reported data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life.
This review found that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We identified 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. For moderate to severe injury,'strong evidence' showed benefit from formal intervention, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. For participants with moderate- to severe ABI already in rehabilitation, more intensive programmes are associated with earlier functional gains and'moderate evidence' suggested that continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. Patients discharged from in-patient rehabilitation benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. Patients who present acutely to hospital with mild brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care.
We found one trial involving 176 women. This trial included four groups with a factorial design. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control (separate care). We analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. There was no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding at six months of age (risk ratio (RR) 0.84, 95% CI 1.34 to 2.76; one trial, 153 women). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. The average frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum for the rooming-in group was slightly higher than the separate care group. However, between-group comparison of this outcome was not appropriate since every infant was breastfed at a fixed schedule of seven times per day (SD = 0) resulting in no estimable comparison.
This review found that sanchi might improve neurological deficit more than control with a significant difference. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that participants probably had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported.
This review found that there is not enough reliable evidence supporting or refuting the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets or whether any of the augmentation techniques is superior to the others. There is a suggestion that immediate and immediate-delayed implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants.
This review found that clioquinol was no more effective than placebo in the treatment of Alzheimer's dementia. There was no significant difference in the neuropsychological test of cognitive function or memory between placebo and PBT2 in the least squares mean change from baseline at week 12. One participant in the active treatment group developed neurological symptoms (impaired visual acuity and colour vision) which resolved on cessation of treatment and were possibly attributable to the drug. In the second trial a similar drug was compared with placebo in 78 participants; all were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. The second trial was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks, this drug appeared to be safe and well tolerated in people with mild Alzheimer’s dementia. Larger trials are required to demonstrate cognitive efficacy.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials compared PDE5 inhibitors to placebo or other PAH-specific therapy. Data were of low quality due to imprecision of effect and inconsistency across trials. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, and muscle aches and joint pains. Five trials compared PAH to placebo in PH secondary to left-heart disease (PH-LHD). Data were low quality. In PH, there were reduced odds of an improvement in WHO functional class or mortality, and those using PAH walked 34 metres further compared to placebo.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. Nine trials comparing multiple versus single injections showed a statistically significant decrease in primary anaesthesia failure (RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.42, high-quality evidence). Pooled data from five trials also showed a significantly decrease in incomplete motor block in the multiple-injection group. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections. Otherwise there were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. Compared with single injections, the time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injections and double injections, however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery.
We found three studies that compared beclomethasone versus placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy in children with mild asthma. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. We recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's asthma and closely following growth.
This review found that APD did not differ from CAPD with respect to mortality, risk of peritonitis, switching from original PD modality to a different dialysis modality, hernias, PD fluid leaks, PD catheter removal and hospital admissions. Another study found that patients on APD had significantly more time for work, family and social activities.
This review found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of survival, progression/relapse and need for salvage therapy. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA).
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants that compared different ways of giving opioids to treat pain. Opioids were administered orally (12, n = 3040), transdermally, or intrathecally, and were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Many patients discontinued due to adverse effects (22.9% and 22.9%) or because of insufficient pain relief. Many minor adverse events (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious adverse events, including iatrogenic opioid addiction were rare.
We found only one trial with 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. This trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with a dose of placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. There was very low-quality evidence on the risk of complete ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (risk ratio RR) 0.81, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.26) (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide 95%CI, which spanned both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spinal cord injuries patients). Thus, we are uncertain whether ox androlone improves or reduces the complete ulcers, as we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email communications to usual care. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients.
We found four studies involving 231 participants. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. All participants also received topical steroids, but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. There were important differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies. The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than another in terms of patient-reported symptom scores and quality of life measurements. Complications were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. None of the included studies reported recurrence rates. No differences were found for any objective measurements or olfactory tests in those studies in which they were measured.
We included eight trials with a total of709 participants. Seven trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared zinc-infused staple foods in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on zinc deficiency. No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status.
This review found that use of non-steroidal antiandrogens was less effective in terms of overall survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to adverse events. The quality of evidence for breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes was rated as moderate according to GRADE. The risk of other adverse events, such as hot flashes, haemorrhage, nocturia, fatigue, loss of sexual interest and urinary frequency was decreased when men with metastatic disease were used.
We found eight eligible trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.02); four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction of breast cancer deaths with an RR of 0.75 (95%CI 0.67 to 0.83). The RR for all seven trials combined was 0.81. Total numbers of lumpectomies and mastectomies were significantly larger in the screened groups. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy. Recent observational studies show more overdiagnosis than in the trials and very little or no reduction in the incidence of advanced cancers with screening. If we assume that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. Three studies only included women with PCOS, while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (N = 400). We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. When 10,000 units hCG was compared to no priming, we found no evidence of a difference in the live birth rates per woman randomised, miscarriage rate, or clinical pregnancy rate. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. There was low quality evidence that hCG priming may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included.
This review found that ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). Both studies were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. Compared to the TIO arm, we found no statistically significant differences between symptoms measured by the COPD Assessment Test (CAT score), hospital admissions (all-cause); disease-specific adverse events; mean weekly rescue medication use (results available from only one of the studies); and weekly percentage of rescue-free days. None of the pneumonias were fatal. Data for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to intubation and physical activity measures were not available in included trials. The short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty.
This review found four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 169 participants, that suggest that medication and cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) may be useful in the treatment of patients with BDD. Symptom severity was significantly reduced in the RCTs of fluoxetine and clomipramine, as well as in the two CBT trials. A low relapse rate was demonstrated in one trial of CBT.
This review found that cotrimoxazole desensitization resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV-infected patients with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies.
We identified three trials involving 148 neonates. We found no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment based on the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of NICU stay, adequacy of analgesia according to PIPP scores and poor neurological outcomes by 28 days' postnatal age. One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores during midazolam infusion than during dextrose (placebo) infusion (MD -3.80, 95% CI -5.93 to -1.67). Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of adverse neurological events at 28 days of neonatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in the neonatal group compared with the morphine group (RR 7.64; RD 0.28; RCTs for heterogeneity not applicable).
This review found no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotic treatment.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) assessing the accuracy of plasma interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. The included studies were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, septis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We found a great dispersion in individual studies accuracy estimates (21 studies, 3650 adult patients), therefore the considerable heterogeneity in the collected data prevented us from calculating formal accuracy estimates. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of the review once they are fully published and evaluated.
We included 29 studies involving 5718 participants. Four studies compared wound dressings with no wound dressing; the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. The review contains 11 comparisons in total. It is uncertain whether covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention reduces the risk ofSSI, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in improving scarring, reducing pain, easier to remove. Most studies in this review were small and at a high or unclear risk of bias.
We found two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid with placebo. The trial randomised 126 women at risk of postnatal depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Three women in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm, and one woman in the placebo arm were lost to follow-up. Women who were found to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideation or schizophrenia at recruitment were excluded from the study. The women who discontinued the intervention were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. No benefit was found in terms of the presence of major depressive disorders at six to eight weeks postpartum, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of neonates to the neonatal intensive care unit. This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review.
We identified 11 studies that evaluated the effects of anthracycline on clinical heart failure in children and adults. Seven studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different doses of the drug with each other, and four studies were RCTs that evaluated different peak doses (5280 participants). The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumours. We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduced the risk of heart failure compared to a shorter infusion duration (5 studies; 557 participants). We found no significant differences in the occurrence of serious complications, such as heart attacks and strokes. We also found no definitive conclusions about the effect of the drugs on cardiotoxicity.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform meta-analysis.
This review found that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. Further high quality trials examining the effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of explicitly defined forms of family therapy are required.
This review found three trials involving 206 participants. All three trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the included trials. When analysing these trials together, there was significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL. Of the three included trials, all described the adverse events in detail, there were no statistically significant differences across the trials. Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, caregiver burden were not undertaken in these trials. Due to the low methodological quality of included trials and small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of duxil for the treatment of patients with dementia.
This review found that insertion of a drain reduced the risk of developing a seroma and reduced the number of post-operative seroma aspirations. There was no significant difference in infection rates between drainage and no drainage groups. The average difference in length of hospital stay, reported in four trials consisting of 600 participants, was 1.47 days greater in the drained population. No significant differences in the incidence of lymphoedema was noted, with only six instances reported in three trials of 360 participants, nor was any significant difference between the two groups observed in two trials of 314 participants.
This review found that flavonoid intake did not reduce the risk of colorectal neoplasms. There was no evidence to support that increased intake of procyanidin and phytoestrogen could reduce the incidence of CRC. The evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was conflicting. A statistically significant reduced risk of CRC was found with high intake of epicatechin.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, extension of the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response according to both definitions (71/217 (32.7%) versus 52/194 (26.8%), risk ratio (RR) 1.43, 95% CI 1.07 to 1.50, P = 0.006, I2 = 38%), with a risk difference of 0.11 and calculated number needed to treat of nine. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions. The length of treatment did not significantly affect the adherence (247/279 (88.5%) versus 252/274). In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups. The observed intervention effects can be caused by both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance).
This review found no evidence to suggest that EUS should be performed routinely in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer.
This review found no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blepharitis. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin. The effectiveness of other treatments such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive.
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. The studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the relation between the two tests. Eleven studies evaluated the accuracy of CE-CDUS. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated accuracy of CDUS. These studies were of better quality than the CDUS studies. Four studies did not report clearly the blinding interpretation of a reference standard; and two (18%) did not clearly report the difference between the test and the CT scan. Analysis of studies that provided scan based data showed similar results. Seven studies provided estimates before and after administration of contrast. Sensitivity before contrast was higher in the studies published before 2006 than the estimates obtained from studies published in 2006 or later; and studies judged as low/unclear quality provided higher estimates in sensitivity.
We found seven studies, involving 766 women, that compared sterile water with saline or no treatment. The studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported treatment group mean or median scores, finding greater reduction in pain for sterile water. However, failure to demonstrate a normal distribution for pain intensity or relief, and use of different scales, meant meta-analysis was inappropriate. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse in women treated with sterile water than with saline. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain in labour.
We found 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants that compared synthetic glue with suture for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found that synthetic glue was superior to suture in terms of duration of the operation, haematoma, and length of time to daily activities. We also found no significant differences between the two groups in relation to adverse events. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and biological glue. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Eight out of 12 trials showed high-risk of bias in at least one of the investigated domains. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Providing instructions to authors was linked with improved reporting of ethics requirements in one study, but no difference was seen in the quality of abstracts in one trial.
We found 15 studies involving 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancies. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported results for treatment periods separately. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. There were insufficient data for any pooled analysis. Eleven studies reported treatment group mean measures of pain intensity or pain relief; overall for these outcome measures, codeine or codeine plus paracetamol was numerically superior to placebo and equivalent to the active comparators. In multiple-dose studies nausea, vomiting and constipation were common, with somnolence and dizziness frequent in the 21-day study. Withdrawal from the studies, where reported, was less than 10% except in two studies.
This review found that educational programs improved patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and reduced the number of patients who were aware of signs and symptoms of disease. The effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. No differences were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates.
This review included six studies involving 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five trials included people with focal onset seizures only. None of the studies included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were of short duration. Participants receiving brivaracetam were significantly more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those receiving placebo (6 studies; 6 studies; 5 studies; 4 studies; 3 studies; 2 studies; 1 study; and one study did not provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes prespecified in the trial protocol. The incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of participants experiencing one or more adverse events, was not significantly different following treatment with brivar acetam compared to placebo. However, participants receiving Briaracetam did appear to be significantly more often to withdraw from treatment due to adverse events compared with placebo.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply (moderate confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services and in good time before each vaccination appointment. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them. Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions. Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high confidence). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information. Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings.
We identified 10 trials with 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. The results suggest that treatment as usual when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. However, there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial. None of the trials identified any adverse effects.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. The first trial was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 participants to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to receive silicone oil and perfluropropane gas (C3F8). The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. The other trial had a large portion of participants excluded from the final analyses, while the other two trials were at low risk of attrition bias. All three trials employed adequate methods for random sequence generation and allocation concealment. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third trial masked outcome assessors. All trials appear to be free of reporting bias. There were no significant differences between silicone oil versus perfluoropropane gas in terms of the proportion of participants achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. In participants with RD associated with PVR, outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy and infusion of silicone oil were comparable for a broad variety of cases. Although sulfur gas was reported to be associated with significantly worse anatomic and visual outcomes than was silicone oil at one year (quantitative data not reported), there were no differences in outcomes in terms in the change in vision acuity at two years. Adverse events were not reported for the first two trials. In one trial, only the total number of adverse events was reported, and adverse events for each group were not specified.
We included five studies involving 1819 women. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. There was a lower risk of maternal mortality and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early delivery. There is no clear difference between groups for caesarean section or in the duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby (mean difference (MD) -0.16 days) or for the baby. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. We observed a high level of heterogeneity between the two studies in this analysis (two studies, 1459 infants, I2 = 87%, Tau2 = 0.98), so we did not pool data in meta-analysis.
This review found that prophylactic treatment reduces the frequency of joint bleeds and related complications in patients with existing joint damage. There is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to confirm the observational evidence to confirm this. Well-designed studies are needed to establish the best treatment regimen and to assess the effectiveness of proptylactic clotting factor concentrates in adult patients.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight trials aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between groups. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions. We found one new study in this update. The evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error.
This review found insufficient information upon which to guide practice due to the limited number of included studies, small sample sizes and methodological limitations.
This review found eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. The average duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticlopidine to placebo and did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences for death, heart attack or stroke. Data were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes patients). Overall pooling of two trials showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194 (11.2%) versus 356/3146) for ADP receptor antagonists versus other antiplatelet drugs. There were no data available from any of the trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for people with diabetes, or costs. Overall the risk of bias of trials was low.
We found 10 trials with 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention and one a three-month intervention. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's primary outcome measures (quality of life). Results for the reviews secondary outcome measures showed that they measured lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference, and nocturnal transcutaneous carbon dioxide. Due to the small numbers of participants and statistical issues, there were discrepancies in the results between the RevMan and the original trial analyses. No clear differences were found between oxygen or room air except for exercise performance, which significantly improved with non-invasive ventilation compared to room air over six weeks. One trial, evaluating non-vasive ventilation for airway clearance, reported that a participant withdrew at the start of the trial due to pain on respiratory muscle testing. The effect of NIV on exercise was unclear.
We found seven studies that involved 245 people with COPD. The evidence is current up to May 2014. We found no differences between the studies in terms of gas exchange, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), forced vital capacity (FVC), maximal inspiratory pressure (PImax) and sleep efficiency. However, the small sample sizes of these studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NCPV in COPD, and we cannot exclude an effect that is clinically significant.
We found four trials, involving 1190 women, that compared induction of labour for suspected macrosomia with expectant management. The evidence is current to May 2017. The trials were at low or unclear risk of bias, but for other 'Risk of bias' domains these studies were assessed as being at low-quality evidence. The review found no clear evidence of any difference between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia, low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or low arterial cord blood pH. There were no clear differences between groups between studies for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, and one in the largest trial, respectively). In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the induction group, but there was considerable heterogeneity between trials for this outcome (mean difference (MD) -178.03 g, 95% CI -315.26 to -40.81, 1190 infants; two trials, 858 infants; and, RR 1.25 to 9.02, 818 infants). Mean birthweight was lower in women who received induction, and fewer babies were delivered by caesarean section and shoulder dystocia, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for women suspected of being macrosomic should be discussed with parents.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The average proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted average of 4.4 years. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in the remaining 26 trials had vitamin D insufficiency (less than 20 ng/mL). Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together (12.5%) vs 6,077/47,814). More than 8% of participants dropped out. When different forms of vitamin D were assessed in separate analyses, only vitamin D3 decreased mortality (11.0%) vs 4,340/38,110). A subgroup analysis of trials at high risk of bias suggested that vitamin D2 may even increase mortality, but this finding could be due to random errors.
This review found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can achieve significant weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common with orlistet; tremor, somnolence and sweating with fluoxine; and palpitations with sibutyramine. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, were available on other drugs and a significant decrease in weight was noted in three studies of mazindol, one of phenmetrazine, and two of phentermine.
We found five studies involving a total of 734 participants. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extracting aggregate data to synthesise the results as originally planned, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those chosen for this review. No significant differences favoured VGB or CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation.
We identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effect of plerixafor on survival and adverse events. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. In both trials the experimental group received G-CSF plus pleruxafor and the control group received placebo. One RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCTs, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival.
This review found that weighted vaginal cones are better than no active treatment in women with SUI and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT and electrostimulation. Cones could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them acceptable.
This review found that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of educational or behavioural interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT.
This review found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 compared with placebo or no treatment probably reduces the likelihood of vaginal delivery not being achieved within 24 hours. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart rate changes is increased (4.8% versus 1.0%). The caesarean section rate is probably reduced by about 10% (13.5% versus 14.8%).
This review found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has similar effects to incubator care with regard to temperature control and weight gain. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further using randomised controlled trials.
We included three studies involving 146 participants. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as a gold chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time. Individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques. Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review. However, we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias.
We included three studies involving 244 women. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 women and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 women at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
This review found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with reduced respiratory failure and mortality and an increased rate of pneumothorax.
This review found that foam wound dressings do not promote the healing of diabetic foot ulcers compared with basic wound contact dressings. Pooled data from two studies comparing foam and alginate dressing found no significant difference in ulcer healing.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgery group and 15 in the conservative group. The trial showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher percentage of participants with pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function. No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated.
This review found only one trial that was at a high risk of bias. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. There is currently no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus delayed post-operative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications, as the confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in surgical site infection cannot be ruled out.
This review found only one randomised controlled trial that did not measure the primary outcome for this review. This trial did not report side effects in detail, but one prednisone-treated participant died. The trial had a low risk of bias, but the quality of evidence was limited as it came from a single small study. Evidence from observational studies suggests that corticosteroids are beneficial, but long-term use causes serious side effects. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We found six studies including 2100 participants that compared remote and face-to-face asthma check-up with regard to asthma control and quality of life. We found no differences in asthma control measured by the Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) or in asthma-specific asthma symptoms, or in overall health-care outcomes. We could not say whether more people who had a remote health care visit needed oral steroids for an asthma exacerbation because the confidence intervals (CIs) were very wide (OR 1.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 7.44; 278 participants; one study; low quality evidence). Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results. The larger implementation study that compared two general practice populations demonstrated that offering telephone check-ups and proactively phoning participants increased the number of people with asthma who received a review. However, we do not know whether the additional participants who had the telephone check up subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes.
This review found that exercise therapy does not improve functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity or pain. The results suggest that the outcome measures all favoured the exercise therapy but none were statistically significant. None of the studies reported negative effects of exercise therapy.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). We found that antibiotics have some effect on the risk of treatment failure, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (mortality, length of hospital stay). We did not find any data on the effects of antibiotics on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms, and data show no statistically significant increase in the risks of adverse events with antibiotics compared to placebo. Studies providing older antibiotics not in use anymore yielded an RR of 0.69 (95% CI 0.53 to 0.90; I² = 31%; in absolute terms, reduction in treatment failures from 295 to 212 per 1000 treated participants, 95% CI 165 to 277). In turn, the effect was statistically significant when trials included older antibiotics no longer in clinical use.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (1414 participants) that compared whole grain versus lower whole grain or refined grain control groups. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. Overall, we found no differences between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol (mean difference 0.07, 95% confidence interval -0.07 to 0.21). Using GRADE, we assessed the overall quality of evidence on cholesterol as low.
This review found no evidence for rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after conservative orthopaedic management. Using a removable type of immobilisation to enable controlled exercise significantly reduced activity limitation in five of the eight studies reporting this outcome, reduced pain at the long term follow-up: 10/35 versus 25/34; risk ratio (RR) 0.39, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.68; 2 studies) and improved ankle dorsiflexion range of motion. However, it also led to a higher rate of mainly minor adverse events. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short-term. There was little and inconclusive evidence on what type of support or immobilisation was the best.
This review found four studies that were conducted in low-income countries. No single intervention was evaluated by more than one trial. Two studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were non-randomised trials. One RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 percentage or viral load. A second RCT showed that the intervention group had fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control group, although this difference was not statistically significant (p=.08). The third RCT found that the percentage of children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavirir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen compared to children on non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase regimen. However, the proportion of children with virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LPV/R regimen. The fourth study found no difference in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80%. The third study showed no difference between the two interventions, but more evidence is needed. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes.
This review found that oral fenoprofen is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative pain, based on limited data for at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours. No serious adverse events were reported in these studies.
This review found that PFMT may improve prolapse symptoms and symptoms of prolapse compared to no PFMT. The largest trial found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the PFMT group in terms of stronger muscles. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency and bother with symptoms in PFMT groups compared to the control group. Two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PRMT group compared to control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Pelvic floor muscle findings differed between the trials. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial reported no difference in symptom score change between groups, whilst another found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the RPMT group. PFMT supplementing surgery versus surgery alone Both trials were small and neither measured prolapse-specific outcomes. There was a significant risk of bias in two trials in this comparison.
This review found that topical quinolone antibiotics were better than no drug treatment at clearing symptoms of CSOM at one week, and better than antiseptics at two to four weeks. However, no difference was found between the two antibiotics at weeks one or three. A positive trend in favour of quinilones seen at two weeks was largely due to one trial and not significant after accounting for heterogeneity: pooled RR 0.65 (0.46 to 0.92) (four trials, N = 276) using the fixed-effect model, and 0.64 (95% CI 0.35 to 1.17) accounting for differences with the random-effects model. Meanwhile, non-quinolone antibiotic effects (without steroids) compared to other topical treatments were more mixed, changing over time. Evidence regarding safety was generally weak.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS differentiated schizophrenia from all other diagnoses with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%), and a specificity of 81% (74% to 87.1%). In seven studies, the use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Empathetic, considerate use of a diagnostic aid - with known limitations - should avoid a good proportion of these errors.
We included 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update; all interventions were adjuncts to conventional care and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 participants in one psychological intervention. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. In three studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objective SCORAD measure was statistically significantly better in the intervention group compared with the usual care groups. Parents of children aged 8 to 12 years experienced significantly better improvements in three of the 5 subscales of the German 'quality of life in parents of children with atopic dermatitis' questionnaire, a validated tool with five subscales. There was also a need for comparison of educational interventions with stand-alone psychosocial self-help. No study reported participant-rated global assessment or improvement of sleep. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions.
This review found that HBOT is associated with improved outcome. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. There was no evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues.
We found 10 studies involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to a use of sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, one on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. We found that surgeons who used blunt needles reduced the risk of one glove perforation in three operations compared to those who used sharp needles in four studies. In four studies, the risk needed for the blunt needles is higher but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was rated as high.
This review found that trifluoperazine was not significantly different from low-potency antipsychotics in terms of response to treatment. There was also no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. However, at least one movement disorder was significantly more frequent in the group. No data were available for other outcomes of interest death, sedation and quality of life.
We found nine eligible randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. These trials compared responsive with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from intragastric tube to oral feeding. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain, and provide some evidence that infants fed in response to feeding and satiation cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding affects other important outcomes.
This review found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 161 participants, that compared treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease with placebo or with a multivitamin B supplement. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One trial with a total of 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo (mean difference (MD 0.07, 95% confidence interval (CI 0.04 to 0.11, P < 0.001) and in people who received 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) versus placebo. No major events were reported. The other trial with 18 participants showed no difference (P non-significant) in ABI in patients who received a multiivitamin A supplement (mean ± SEM: 0.7 ± 01) compared with a placebo.
We found two studies, involving 503 dental practices, involving 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. However, the study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The other study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The second study reported on clinical activity (mean percentage of children receiving active preventive advice, health care utilisation, number of visits), patient outcomes (mean number of filled teeth, mean percentage of patients having one or more teeth extracted and the mean number of decayed teeth) and healthcare costs. Teeth were restored at a later stage in the disease process in the capitation system and the clinicians tended to see their patients less frequently and tended to carry out fewer fillings and extractions, but also tended to give more preventive advice. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods.
We found 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving over 17,000 women and their babies. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. No differences were evident in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. There was no convincing evidence that zinc supplementation during pregnancy results in other useful and important benefits.
This review found that probiotics may increase the rate of short-term clinical and mycological cure and decrease the relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven trials (involving 696 participants) in this review. The included trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence. Two trials were in Germany and Italy which are high-income countries, while four trials in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey, and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a lower-middle income country. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Treatment of miscarriage with progestogens compared to placebo or no treatment probably reduces the risk of miscarriage. Treatment with oral progestogen compared to no treatment also reduces the miscarriage rate. However treatment with vaginal progesterone probably has little or no effect in reducing the miscarriage rates. The subgroup interaction test indicated no difference according to route of administration between the oral and vaginal subgroups. We are uncertain if treatment of threatened miscarriage is effective in the treatment of congenital abnormalities, because the evidence on this outcome was based on only two small trials with very few events and was found to be of very low quality.
We found a total of 83 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared laser treatment with no treatment and with deferred laser treatment. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic retinopathy; one trial recruited mainly people with non-proliferative diabetic re-inopathy. Four of the studies evaluated laser treatment versus argon laser and one study investigated selective photocoagulation of non-perfusion areas. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. We found that laser treatment reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months. There was no difference between laser treatment and no treatment in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity, but one study found a 20% reduction in risk of vision loss at five years. We did not plan to plan any subgroup analyses, but there was a difference in baseline risk in participants with less damage to the retina compared to those with more severe vision loss. None of the trials reported on patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. We judged the quality of evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%) and the average age was 65 years. Both trials did not report data on the following outcomes that we intended to assess: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, oronasal drying. There was insufficient evidence to be certain that CPAP or NPPV had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analysis. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal mortality or serious complications.
We included 15 studies with 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in at least one domain for the remainder. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different treatment regimens. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Three trials (n = 78) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo, but we were unable to perform meta-analysis because of variations in study analysis and presentation of trial data, with no access to the primary data for re-analysis. Data from trials of oxandrolone versus placebo, azathioprine, combined with MTX versus MTX, and arimoclomol versus placebo did not allow us to report either normalised or percentage change in muscle strength. None of the trials included prespecified criteria for significant adverse events. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab are ongoing. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments included in this review were effective.
This review found that linezolid is more effective than vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs, including MRSA.
We included eight randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants. We found no differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. Furthermore, we noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly reduced with PPW. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions are required.
This review found that calcium channel blockers may reduce the risk of death and disability in acute traumatic head injury patients. However, the increased risk of adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be considered as having a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (11.54%) in the control group. When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation and survival at one year were similar. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment. We have also been unable to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA.
This review found that there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF.
This review found that family intervention may decrease the frequency of relapse events and hospital admissions. Family intervention also seems to improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality.
We found three randomized controlled trials involving 263 participants. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. Two companies manufactured the drug-eluting balloons (Eurocor, Bonn, Germany; Medtronic, Fridley, Minnesota, USA). All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. We noted heterogeneity in the frequency of bailout stenting placement between studies as well as in the dosage of paclitaxel applied by the DEBs. Data were insufficient for subgroup or sensitivity analyses to be conducted. Data show no difference in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty.
This review found that corticosteroids reduced the risk of coronary artery abnormalities, time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP)) to normalise and length of hospital stay. Evidence was considered to be of high quality for the incidence of serious adverse events, mortality and time for clinical symptoms (fever, rash). Evidence was moderate for duration of clinical symptoms due to potential inconsistency in data geography and patient benefits according to grouping. There were insufficient data regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality, and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity.
We included eight studies involving 846 randomised participants. Four studies involved comparisons with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. Six studies contributed data to the PIP versus control comparisons producing 19 meta-analyses of outcomes measured at post-intervention or follow-up, or both, for the primary outcomes of parental depression (both dichotomous and continuous data), measures of parent-child interaction, infant attachment category (secure, avoidant, disorganised, resistant, infant behaviour and infant cognitive development). Four studies were at low risk of bias (random sequence generation, allocation concealment, incomplete outcome data, selective reporting, blinding of participants and personnel), blinding of outcome assessment, and other bias). Five studies did not provide adequate information for assessment of risks of bias in at least one domain (rated as unclear). There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants securely attached, a reduction in the number of infants with an avoidant attachment style, fewer infants with disorganisation, and an increase in the percentage of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment. There were no differences between PIP and control in any of the remaining primary outcomes, or secondary outcomes.
We found one new study in this updated version. We found no convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores.
We included 12 studies with a total of 2196 participants. We found that reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken, and decreased blood pressure and blood sugar levels. We also found that reminders reduced the amount of glycated haemoglobin in the blood, but there was considerable variation between the studies. No data were available for meta-analysis of remaining clinical outcomes, which included serum vitamin C and E levels, and self-reported psychological symptoms. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. Reminder packaging may represent a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected conditions.
This review found that methylprednisolone and dextrose may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion. However, there is a high risk of type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of bias.
We included 61 studies with a total of 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The studies included in this review were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Switzerland, Switzerland and Italy. The evidence is current to May 2017. We included studies that compared different treatment-related risk factors, including cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosfamide, radiation therapy involving the kidney region, nephrectomy, or any combination of these, received treatment combination, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and methodological quality of available evidence. We found that the risk of kidney damage ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to diversity of included malignancies, received treatments, reported outcomes measures, followed-up time, and the quality of evidence. Risk factors, analysed by three non-randomised controlled trials, included HD cisplarin, (HD) ifosafamide, TBI, and a combination of neptrectomy and abdominal radiotherapy. The risk of adverse renal effects varied between 0% and 36.8% for low blood counts, and between 13.2% and 28.6% for impaired blood counts. In addition, two studies reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation. Three studies reported that a higher body mass index increased the risk that a person would have a higher risk of high blood pressure. In one study, older age at screening and radiotherapy were reported as risk factors.
This review found that phytomedicines may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cell disease. This needs to be further validated in future trials.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants. The studies were reported as RCTs; blinding was not reported, but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. One study was published in abstract form only; hence, detailed assessment of the risk of bias was not possible. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with standard treatment with radiotherapy. The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. Progression-free survival was shorter in participants with PET-adapted therapy (without radiotherapy). This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy (standard therapy) and in those receiving standard therapy. Short-term AEs only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on survival were reported in any of the trials. To date, no robust data on OS, response rate, quality of life, or short- and long-term adverse events are available.
We found 31 trials that met our inclusion criteria. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs) with different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. None included a placebo. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences were inconsistent. Three trials examined the vaginal ring and one examined an etonogestil implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the levonorgestrel group. Two trials compared extended versus conventional (cyclic) regimens. With a dienogest COC, an extended-use group had greater mean change in AUC glucose. In a small trial, the lower-dose group showed smaller average change in fasting glucose, but the obese and normal weight women did not differ significantly. In an injectable study, a group using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had higher means than the group using norethisterone enanthate for fasting glucose. One showed the group with nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol had lower means for incremental AUC and glycosylated hemoglobin, and fasting insulin. Among five recent trials, two examined newer hormonal types. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. More than half of the trials had limited reporting of methods. We cannot make strong statements due to having few trials that compared the same types of contraceptives.
This review found that exercise can reduce pain and improve physical function in people with symptomatic hip OA. Pain and physical function were estimated to be 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) in the control group; exercise reduced pain by an equivalent of 8 points (4 to 11 points; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 6) and improved physical function by a mean of 7 points (1 to 12 points; NNTB 6). Only three small studies (183 participants) evaluated quality of life, with overall low quality evidence, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. Quality of life was estimated as 50 points on an average (standard deviation (SD)) score of 50 in the general population, compared with no improvement in physical function. Pain was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment, with an increased likelihood of withdrawal from the exercise group, but this difference was not significant. Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. We considered that seven of the 10 included studies had a low risk of bias. However, the results may be vulnerable to performance and detection bias as none of the RCTs were able to blind participants to treatment allocation.
This review found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. No evidence was observed for exercise therapy on fatigue and perception of handicap when compared to no exercise therapy. Finally, no evidence was found that specific exercise therapy programmes were more successful in improving activities and participation than other exercise treatments.
This review found that early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic) decreases the morbidity during the waiting period, the hospital stay, and operating time. Further randomised clinical trials are necessary to confirm or refute these findings.
This review found that long-term antibiotic prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI compared with a single dose of antibiotics. There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-term antibiotics. No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of these trials assessed other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another.
This review is based on one small trial involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important outcome differences between the two policies. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for infants with gastroschisis. The primary outcomes were caesarean section and neonatal survival to discharge. Two babies died after birth but before discharge in the elective (intervention) group versus none in the spontaneous group (risk ratio (RR) 5.00; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.26 to 98.00). Seven women (33%) in the intervention group and nine women (43%) in a spontaneous group were delivered by caesarian section. Similarly, for the secondary outcomes, there were no statistical differences in birthweight, ventilation requirements, necrotising enterocolitis and requirement for repeat surgery between two groups. None of our prespecified maternal secondary outcomes were reported in the included study. We also examined gestational age at birth as a non-prespecified outcome.
We found three studies involving 122 participants that compared paracetamol with placebo. The studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and small size; none was unequivocally at low risk of systematic errors. All three studies were conducted in the USA, one in Australia, and one in Spain. All studies were funded by a pharmaceutical company, and the other two studies did not report the source of funding. We found no studies in children. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline, participants with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period, or participants with patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference between paracetamicol and placebo when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetaminophen being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other adverse events) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. It is not clear whether any additional analgesic benefit could be detected in the available studies, in view of the doses of opioids used. Our GRADE assessment of evidence quality was very low for all outcomes.
This review of 15 trials found insufficient data to confidently inform clinical practice. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) were the most commonly evaluated drugs. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. Adverse effects were poorly recorded.
We included six studies with 195 participants with MS. Two studies investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three studies investigated expiratory muscular training with no active control or sham training; and one study investigated regular breathing exercises. The studies did not report outcomes for health-related quality of life. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. Due to the low number of studies included, we could not perform cumulative meta-analysis or subgroup analyses. No serious adverse events were mentioned in any of the included trials.
This review included one randomised controlled trial in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised to receive betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) or no medication. This trial did not provide evidence about other medical treatments for ITP during pregnancy. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal intracranial bleeding were not studied by this trial. This systematic review also identified the need for well-designed, adequately powered randomised clinical trials for this medical condition.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. The majority of these cases were successfully treated with steroids. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK. While sensitivity analysis showed altered results with regards to failure rates, the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% CI, suggesting an imprecise estimate. Therefore, even after removal of the Razmju 2011 data, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another.
We included 67 studies with a total of 8506 women; the number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with endpoint haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (high quality evidence). Women had a lower risk of iron deficiency (low quality evidence), and a reduced risk of nausea and abdominal pain. Women received iron were more likely to have a higher risk of abdominal pain, and had an increased risk of gastrointestinal side effects. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and appears to reduce symptomatic fatigue. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain.
This review found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitations from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of neutrophils in controls compared to the invervention group.
This review found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution.
We included nine studies with a total of 981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The average age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms of clinical meaningfulness, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. On average, people with subacute LBP who receive MBR will do better than if they receive usual care, but it is not clear whether they are better than people who receive some other type of treatment.
We included 18 trials with a total of 4843 participants that compared bisphosphonates with placebo in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that, compared to placebo, bisph phosphonates probably reduce the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression. Bisphosphinates probably increase the risk of nausea and increased the risk that a person's kidneys would need to be treated with drugs to prevent kidney damage. We also found no differences between groups in the proportion of participants with decreased analgesic consumption. We did not find any differences in mortality, but we found no clinically relevant differences in morbidity or morbidity. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate or very low, meaning that further research is likely to change the results.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 1093 patients, that compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in patients with relapsed FL. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias are uncertainties in the HR calculation. For survival, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We found a statistically significant increased PFS advantage in previously untreated FL patients in the HDT plus ASCT arm. However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage (HR = 0.97; 95% 0.76 to 1.24; P = 0%.81). The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to a significant advantage in patients undergoing HDT and ASCT. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (1437 participants) that compared WDD with other antipsychotics, placebo or no treatment. When WDD was compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, no difference in short-term global state of participants was observed (2 RCTs n = 140, RR 1.18 95% CI 0.98 to 1.43, moderate-quality evidence). However, WDD may be associated with fewer extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments, and the combination caused fewer adverse effects.
We found three new randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 228 participants, bringing the total to 12 RCTs with 799 participants. The review assessed six comparisons. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand stainless steel and superelastic NiTi arch wires. There were two studies in this group, but it was not appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of the data. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine if there is any difference between conventional and thermoelastic NiTI arch wires with regard to either alignment or pain. The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggest that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions. Pain was not measured. Moderate-quality evidence also suggests there may be no difference in pain at the end of the first day of the study. There was only one study (24 participants) that reported the adverse outcome of root resorption. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of low quality.
We found only one study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales, and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) and mean scores (evaluable items) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing, physical aggression, and verbal aggression, such a repetition of verbal aggression and physical aggression. Four of the five behavioural scales improved in the intervention group (Global: change mean difference (MD: −5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI: −9.59 to −1.79; Physically Behaviour: change MD: −0.32 points; Verbally Behaviour; and Behavioural Behaviour). There was no difference in change scores on the Physically Aggressive scale. We also identified one ongoing study. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. One trial compared frequencies of application. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. The evidence in this review is current up to 28 September 2016. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD (primary outcomes of this review). The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser, with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties, might be more effective in preventing and treating IAD. Findings from the other trials, all of low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) probably is more effective than not applying these products.
We included seven studies with 333 participants in our review. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. The type of antiviral, administration route, and treatment duration varied between the trials. There were statistically significant improvements in two of the 12 outcomes. There was an average reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the treatment group but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Prospective studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant differences between antiviral treatment and control groups.
This review examined four trials involving 2250 people who were randomly allocated to receive either insulin detemir or glargine. The results showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia between treatment groups. Insulin detemiral was initiated once-daily in the evening with the option of an additional dose in the morning in three studies and initiated twice-daily, with somewhat fewer injection site reactions. In one trial, insulin was associated with less weight gain.
This review of six trials found that SNS did not improve frequency of bowel movements and adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the parallel group trial carried out by Thin, 15 participants in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of faecal incontinence compared with the control group who received optimal medical therapy (mean difference (MD −6.30, 95% CI −10.34 to −2.26 at 12 months). Adverse events reported include: haematoma formation (n = 3); misplacement of tined lead (1); and pain at stimulator site. In the crossover trial by Sørensen and colleagues, participants did not experience any FI episodes in either the one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ periods. Four of 27 participants experienced an adverse event resulting in removal of the stimulator. Neither study reported adverse events.
This review found that molar tubes cemented with glass ionomer cement were more likely to fail than molar bands cementing with a light-cured adhesive. No other adverse events were identified.
We identified 66 studies published between 1988 and 2012. We found that the summary sensitivity and specificity of EUS in discriminating T1 to T2 (superficial) versus T3 to T4 (advanced) gastric carcinoma were 0.85 (95% CI 0.78 to 0.91) and 0.90 respectively. When we addressed the capacity of the EUS to distinguish between T1a versus T1b (submucosal) cancers, the meta-analysis of 20 studies (n = 3321) showed no difference between the two groups. Overall, we observed large heterogeneity and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be proposed in routine clinical settings. Therefore, all accuracy measures reported in the present work and summarizing the available evidence should be interpreted cautiously.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 492 participants, that compared day-time laparoscopic cholecystectomy versus overnight stay surgery for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The average or median age of the participants varied between 40 and 47 years. The trials were at high risk of bias and were weakened by risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). Only one trial reported short-term deaths. However, the trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. Long-term mortality was not reported in any of the trials. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 (weighted rate 1.6%) in the day-surgery group versus 1/200 (0.5%). No significant difference was seen in the proportion of failed discharge (failure to be discharged as planned) or in the percentage of people requiring hospital readmissions (3 trials; 290 participants; 5/136). No significant differences were seen in hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225), time to return to activity (2 trials, 217 participants), and return to work (1 trial, 74 participants). For all outcomes except pain, the accrued information was far less than the diversity-adjusted required information size to exclude random errors.
We included eight studies involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. Efficacy outcomes were inconsistently reported, resulting in analyses for most outcomes being based on less than complete data. For postherpetic neuralgia, we found four studies involving 1272 participants. More participants had average 2 to 8-week and 2 to 12-week pain intensity reductions over baseline of at least 30% and at least 50%, with NNT values between 10 and 12 (2 to 4 studies involving801 participants). For painful HIV-neuropathy, one study involving369 participants reported about 10% more participants who were much or very much improved at 8 and 12 weeks. One study involving 46 participants with persistent pain following inguinal herniorrhaphy did not show a difference between Capsaicin and placebo for pain reduction. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common with control than active treatment, based on small numbers of events (six to eight studies, 21 to 67 events). No deaths were judged to be related to study medication.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We found no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis, and highly beneficial for those with 70% to 99% stenosis without near-occlusion.
This review found only one randomized controlled trial (RCT) and one non-randomized controlled trial that met our inclusion criteria. Ten retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants, were included in the review. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer (37/60), ulcerative colitis, familial adenomatous polyposis, and other (2/60). The results between the lateral pararectal and the transrectal approach groups were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The results were also inconclusive in the subgroup analysis in which we compared the effect of an ileostomy versus a colostomy. The study did not measured other surgical-related morbidities, or stoma-related mortality, but did measure quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. None of the included studies measured other surgery-related complications or mortality. All included studies reported results for the primary outcome (parastomalherniation), and one study also reported data on one of the secondary outcomes (stomal prolapse). In conclusion, there is still a lack of high-quality evidence to support the ideal surgical technique of stoma formation.
We found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy.
We found 11 studies with a total of 415 participants. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blinded, and one open-labeled. None had a placebo only control; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid or opioid plus opioid combination, and the same dose of opioid alone. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). With NSAID, initially moderate or severe pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks in four studies (415 participants in total), with a range of estimates between 26% and 51% in individual studies. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of efficacy (24%) or adverse events (5%). There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
This review found two studies involving 287 people with sickle cell disease. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group (P < 0.01, analysis of variance (ANOVA)) and also at day 4, as measured with a numerical pain scale. The average difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days in favour of the group treated with tinuzaparin, with a mean difference of -4.98 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events, and none were reported in the control group. The second study was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dalteparin group.
This review found no randomised controlled trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs.
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials involving 2066 patients. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-containing dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All studies examined the use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. We found no difference between monotherapy and combination therapy for the treatment of people with VAP. However, this is the largest meta-analysis comparing monotherapy to multiple antibiotic therapies for VAP and contributes further evidence to the safety of using effective monotherapy for the empiric treatment of VAP, but carbapenems as a class may result in better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics.
We included 29 studies which examined the effects of policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. We found that when policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased treatment discontinuity and reduced the need for other health care (2 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Implementing restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of selected medications can decrease third-party drug spending without increasing other health service costs. Relaxing reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access.
This review found that there was insufficient evidence to recommend any specific one-to-one OHA method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high-quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement.
This review found that oral steroids may provide short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis, but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. There were minimal adverse effects reported.
This review found that there is currently insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of rTMS in the treatment of ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised controlled trial.
This review found 10 randomised controlled trials (10 trials involving 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. No differences in disease control were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisolone (one trial each), for azathioprine plus prednisone compared with prednisones alone, for prednisolin plus azithioprine versus prednisoids alone, or for prednitolone plus mycophenolate mofetil compared with plus azanthioprine, or with plus tetracycline plus nicotinamide compared with pre-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Chinese traditional medicine was not effective in one trial. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP.
This review found that herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, the quality of trials was generally low. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 studies that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of pericoital use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis to prevent pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel, LNG in doses other than 0.75 mg, and hormones other than LNG. Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. Most reports were decades old and provided limited information. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not reported in most studies.
This review found that surgical anchorage is more effective than conventional anchorage, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. There was no evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than another. No included studies reported adverse effects.
We included 50 studies with a total of 45,285 participants: 47 studies compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies compared two different statin regimens in people with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to meta-analyse 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. We found that statin therapy consistently prevented major cardiovascular events (13 studies, 36,033 participants), all-cause mortality (10 studies, 28,276 participants; RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.69 to 0.91), cardiovascular death (7 studies, 19,059 participants), and MI (8 studies, 9018 participants). Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood.
This review found nine trials involving 379 participants. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the OI trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. No adverse events were reported in this trial. In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received alendrenate. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. At follow-up, there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT-a trials mostly involved those who were given the intervention drug and involved seizures. The evidence that is currently available evaluated pain largely as a secondary outcome and the drugs used were all adjuvants and not always commonly used in general paediatric palliative care for pain.
We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were identified. No data were available from the seventh trial. Due to imprecision in the results, it was not possible to determine whether latrepirdine had any effect on cognition measured with the Alzheimer’s Disease Assessment Scale cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) or the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), or on function. However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit of latropirdine on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), serious adverse events, and dropouts due to adverse events. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality. Overall, the evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour.
We included seven trials involving 735 participants. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stenting. In acute ischaemic stroke, for people receiving intravenous thrombolysis, the rate of death or dependency was significantly increased by RIC treatment compared with non-RIC treatment. Adverse events were significantly higher in participants treated with RIC, but no severe adverse events were attributable to RIC. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment.
We included six studies involving 204 preterm infants. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased in-hospital rates of growth, length of hospital stay, and head circumference. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term growth, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. Very low-quality evidence did not show that protein supplements clearly increased the risk of feeding intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis.
We found 45 studies that compared PEMs to no intervention. The review includes 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all of the included studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of PEM to no interventions. One single study compared paper-based PEM with the same document delivered on CD-ROM. Based on seven studies and 54 outcomes, the median improvement in standardised average difference for continuous profession practice outcomes was 0.02 when the median absolute risk difference in categorical practice outcomes were compared to a no intervention (range from 0 to +0.11). In addition, we re-analysed 54 outcomes from 25 ITS studies, using time series regression and observed statistically significant improvement in level or in slope in 27 outcomes. From the ITS studies we calculated improvements in professional practice outcomes across studies after PEM dissemination (standardised median change in level = 1.69). From the data gathered, we could not comment on which PEM characteristics influenced their effectiveness.
This review found that interventions which aim to promote sexual behaviours such as abstinence and condom use can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills, occasionally supplemented with provision of resources (e.g. free sexual health services). They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. There were no statistically significant effects on biological (STI) outcomes.
We included twenty studies with 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychosocial interventions with cognitive behavior therapy. Participants receiving brief psychological interventions were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term (n = 448, 3 RCTs, RR 0.63 CI 0.41 to 0.96, moderate quality evidence). Compliance with follow-up was similar between the two groups in the medium term, medium term and long term. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved in the brief psychoeducational group. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74, nor in the death rate in either groups. Relapse rates were significantly lower amongst participants receiving brief mental interventions in the shorter term, but not in the longer term.
We included 11 studies with 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at risk of performance and detection bias, and possible selective reporting.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). Heliox was given as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen administered for 20 minutes. There may be no difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate. In another study, 47 children with moderate croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. Heliox may slightly improve croup scores at 90 minutes postintervention, but may have little or no difference overall using repeated measures analysis. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean respiratory rates at 60 minutes, but not at 120 minutes. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to open-label design.
This review found that a combination of a small subset of red flags may be useful to screen for vertebral fracture in patients presenting for LBP. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. When combinations of redflags were used, the performance appeared to improve. It should also be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients.
This review found insufficient data to determine which treatment is best for urethral stricture disease in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs.
This review found that intermittent, inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone were equally effective in the use of rescue oral corticosteroids and the rate of severe adverse events. In children and adults with persistent asthma and in preschool children suspected of persistent asthma, there was low quality evidence that intermittent and daily ICS strategies appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harm of each treatment option.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six studies evaluated dietary patterns (739 people, including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people), of increased fruit and vegetable intake, and one study of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In absolute terms, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Dietary interventions may increase health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels.
This review found only one study with a total of 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis. This study found that nebulised salbutamol was an effective intervention for young children with bronchial infection but mist in a tent did not lead to a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptoms. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy in children up to three years old.
We found four studies involving 1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years. All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's disease according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% CI -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE), which is an assessment of mental state and behaviour, global function or activities of daily living. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. We found no studies assessing role of statins in treatment of VaD.
This review found that there is no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range of motion in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A or Duchenne muscular dystrophy. More research is required.
This review found that women who were upright were less likely to have a caesarean section and fewer women were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit when compared with women who had a recumbent position. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes including duration of the second stage of labour, or other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. Babies of mothers who received an epidural or ambulant position were more likely to be admitted to neonatal care, however this was based on one trial.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required for inclusion in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. The second trial that assessed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow up.
This review of trials found that oral steroids, splinting, ultrasound, yoga and carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved symptoms compared to placebo or no treatment. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and function. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks. One trial also showed improvement after four weeks. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit when compared with placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. One trial compared IVS treatment with no treatment, and the other trial compared dexamethasone treatment with sham injections. Both trials were at high risk of bias due to incomplete outcome data in SCORE and selective outcome reporting in GENEVA. The two RCTs reviewed herein provide insufficient evidence to determine the benefits of IVS for individuals with CR VO-ME, but the improvement in visual acuity noted in the SCORE trial should be interpreted with caution as outcome data were missing for a large proportion of the observation group. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization.
This review found that intranasal corticosteroids may significantly improve nasal obstruction symptoms in children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy, and this improvement may be associated with a reduction in adenoid size.
This review found only one small randomised controlled trial (involving 24 women) that was conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block, as well as all the other four drugs. Lumbar epidural therapy was given using 0.25% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour on continuous epidural infusion for six hours. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious complications: defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome, disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema, neonatal deaths, stillbirths, perinatal deaths (stillbirths plus deaths in the first week of life), neonatal mortality before discharge from the hospital, deaths after the first 28 days; preterm birth (defined as the birth before 37 weeks' gestation); and side effects of the intervention. However, the change in maternal mean arterial pressure and systolic blood pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not significantly different between the intervention and control groups. Reported outcomes The included trial only reported on a single secondary outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between groups. The evidence for the use of epidural is well-founded. Thus, there is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion as to whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidur therapy results in better maternal and fetal outcomes and for how long that could be maintained.
This review found that glucocorticosteroids were no more or less effective than placebo or no intervention on all-cause mortality or on health-related quality of life. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled randomised clinical trials, designed according to the SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to CONSORT guidelines.
We found four studies involving 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The interventions included the contextual approach of driving simulation and underlying skill development approach, including the retraining of speed of visual processing and visual motor skills. There was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months. Significant findings were in favour of a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme, but these results should be interpreted with caution as they were based on a single study. Adverse effects were not reported. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition that are related to driving. At present, it is unclear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation.
We found eight studies with 582 participants that compared short-duration versus longer-duration systemic corticosteroid treatment for acute exacerbations of COPD. Five studies gave oral prednisolone (30 mg in four studies, tapered in one study), and two studies gave intravenous steroid treatment. The studies were at low risk of selection, performance, detection and attrition bias. Corticosteroids were given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days and for 10 to 15 days. In four studies we did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure (a new event), which was equivalent to 22 fewer per 1000 for shorter-duration treatment (95% CI 51 fewer to 34 more). Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferiority and compared five days versus 14 days. Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment were similar in the studies. In five studies no difference in the likelihood of an adverse event was found between the two treatment groups. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates.
We found one trial that was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. This review found that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in the number of red blood cell transfusions. There were no anaemia-related complications reported, and no reported effect on activity levels. The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology.
This review found two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effectiveness of educational games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. One study was based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The other study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based learnings of stroke prevention and management. The effect on knowledge was not statistically different between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the group that was randomized to the game. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review found that lithium and antidepressants may prevent relapse in unipolar affective disorder, however their relative efficacy was unknown. When considering lithium or antidepressant long-term therapy, patients and clinicians should take into account the patient's clinical history, the side-effects and the individual's likely adherence to the recommended treatment regime.
This review found that the amifostine has no significant radioprotective effects on salivary glands in high-dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer patients. No health-related quality of life and other patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials.
We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus treatment delivered by a clinician, while the third study compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a control group. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home-focused sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics plus once-weekly home-centre sessions for 12 weeks. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. We found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. No study measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children after intervention, and in one study most strategies were maintained in the parental group at 12 months after intervention. No studies reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills up to one year after intervention and one study looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data. In light of the serious limitations in methodology, and the small number of studies included, we considered the overall quality of the evidence, as assessed by GRADE, to be very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, and further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in them.
We included two trials with 148 participants who had had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. Included trials did not report on health-related quality of life, and the secondary outcomes of left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. Due to limited information, trial sequential analysis could not be performed as planned.
We found five studies that involved 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term, it buffered against a reduction in quality of lives. In addition, it is unclear in all the studies whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual or religious support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. Such interventions are under-evaluated. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies.
We found six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence of an effect. However, there was an effect on UPDRS part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase. Two trials with 41 participants measured gait speed using measures of timed gait. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effect regarding differences in dropouts and adverse effects between intervention and control groups. In two of six studies, dropouts, adverse events, or deaths occurring during the intervention period were reported. Another secondary outcome was health-related quality of life and we found no evidence that dropouts, adverse effects, and deaths were higher with intervention (risk difference (RD 0.00, 95% CI -0.21 to 0.21; Mantel-Haenszel method with random-effects model).
We included 12 studies with a total of 461 participants in this review. We included an additional four studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (n = 32). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for pain intensity. One small study at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one year, but not at short term follow-up. Of the two studies that investigated the efficacy or safety of this intervention, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy and safety of the intervention. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active interventions. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatments. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. This update's results are similar to the previous versions of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged.
This review found that antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in Bell's palsy of various degrees of severity, but the results were very imprecise. Antivirals alone had no clear effect on incomplete recovery rates compared with placebo, but there was no clear difference in this outcome compared to placebo. Adverse event data were available in four studies providing data on 1592 participants. None of the four comparisons showed clear differences in adverse events between treatment and comparison arms.
This review of two small randomised controlled trials found insufficient evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of LHRH agonists in the treatment of platinum-refractory and platinum-resistant (relapsed) EOC. There may be little or no difference between treatment with leuprorelin or treosulfan in overall survival or progression-free survival at six and 12 months, respectively. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life was not reported in this study. Adverse events were incompletely reported (no adverse events in decapeptyl group, but not reported for the placebo group).
We found 17 eligible randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxaemic respiratory failure. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). One trial enrolled both preterm and term infants but reported most results separately for the two groups. This trial enrolled only infants with congenital diaphragmatic hernia. The other trial enrolled infants who continued to satisfy the same criteria for severity after two hours. Inhaled nitric oxide is effective at an initial concentration of 20 ppm for infants with acute respiratory failure who do not have a hernia of the abdomen. Infants who received iNO at less severe criteria did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Fewer of the babies who were given iNO early satisfied late treatment criteria, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease mortality nor the need for ECMO.
This review found that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions.
This review found that antimicrobial CVCs do not appear to reduce clinically diagnosed sepsis or mortality significantly. However, the magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. There were no significant differences between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, and/or tenderness at the insertion site.
This review included 15 studies with a total of 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The studies took place in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. There were no dietary interventions studies. None of the studies reported differences in differences between interventions relevant to equity issues. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. There was no evidence of an effect or unclear effect of nutrient supplementation of children on HFA, and inconclusive effect on length for studies reported in a narrative form with very low- to moderate-quality evidence. Nutrition education was a positive impact on LBW of nutritional interventions, with low- or unclear effects on length at 18 months, and a positive influence on health-related outcomes such as stunting. The quality of evidence was very low to moderate overall. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported.
This review found that foam dressings are no more effective than other wound dressing treatments in the management of venous leg ulcers. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted RCTs, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly, before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of foam dressing treatments.
This review found that celecoxib and etoricoxib do not worsen symptoms of IBD in patients with rheumatological manifestations. However, it should be noted that both studies had relatively small sample sizes and short follow-up durations. The results for disease exacerbation and adverse events were uncertain. No patients in either group died or experienced serious adverse events. GI AEs included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. Renal toxicity or thrombotic AEs were not reported. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients IBD patients in order to avoid disease exacerbations and other adverse effects.
We found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; and the remaining 13 studies did not provide infection status. Included studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine. Topical antimicrobial agents compared with growth factor were uncertain, and the evidence on adverse events or other outcomes was often downgraded due to risk of bias and imprecision. Antimicrobial topical treatments (non dressings) compared with non-antimicrobial treatments were uncertain. The evidence was generally of low or very low certainty. Reported outcome data were limited and we are uncertain about the relative effects of antimicrobial topical agents for each of our review outcomes for this comparison.
We found six studies that involved 5193 children. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the number of children with pneumonia by 41%. We found no difference in lower specificity pneumonia case definition, but had no effect on lower specificity lower chest indrawing.
This review found 10 studies including 33,179 participants. Eight studies found no significant effect of vitamin A on the incidence of acute LRTI, or on the prevalence of symptoms. Three studies reported no differences and no protective effect on vitamin A. Two studies reported that vitamin A significantly reduced the risk of acute diarrhoea in children with poor nutritional status or weight, but increased the incidence in healthy children. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose.
This review found that theophylline has a modest effect on FEV1 and FVC and slightly improves arterial blood gas tensions in moderate to severe COPD. These benefits were seen in participants receiving a variety of different concomitant therapies. Improvement in exercise performance depended on the method of testing.
We included 10 studies that involved a total of 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo, and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide oral Immunotherapy. We found that an increased amount of egg can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events while receiving allergen-specific Oral Immunotherapy, compared to control; and a complete recovery from egg allergy after completion of Oral immunotherapy is effective, but confidence in the trade-off between benefits and harms is low; because there was a small number of trials with few participants, and methodological problems with some trials. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the trials. Eight studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain.
We included four studies involving 579 participants. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic pathway. Data from two studies showed no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. Two studies reported data on adverse events after ILR implant. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implants.
We found four studies involving 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. The studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants: RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.10), however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the sclerotherapy group. There was an increased number of infections in the surgery group however this increase was not statistically significant. Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgical group but because of different measurement tools applied in these studies, we could not pool the results. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months. Postoperative complications as well as cost and time to work resumption were less in the treatment group. The cure rate in short-term follow-up was similar between the groups, however there is significant uncertainty in this result due to the high heterogeneity.
We found one randomised controlled trial that compared nebulised recombinant recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. This review found that there was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.38; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 5.14). However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group. The average change in daytime cough diary score from baseline was also better in the control group compared to the nebulisation group. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) also favoured placebo but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomalacia.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. The average number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. Duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. Five studies compared the intervention to enhanced or structured care. Only one study compared cognitive behavioural therapy with behaviour therapy. Results for the subgroup of studies comparing CBT with usual care were similar to those in the whole group. Compared with enhanced care, CBT was not more effective. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for somatoform disorders or MUPS.
This review found that regional anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery. However, the evidence is based on only a few small studies. There is moderate-quality evidence that intravenous infusion of local anaesthetics reduces the risk that PPP may be reduced after three to 18 months of surgery, and three to 12 months after caesarean section. We did not find evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely.
This review found that second-generation antipsychotics, mood stabilisers, and omega-3 fatty acids may be helpful in the treatment of BPD symptoms. However, these are mostly based on single study effect estimates. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three trials had limited clinical value: one combined results for suprapubic and urethral catheter use and the other provided data for only four participants. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcome measures. None of the trials addressed: number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Trials assessed only three of the eight intervention comparisons identified. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic, compared to no washout solution) has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. One trial compared different compositions of acidic solution (stronger versus weaker solution). Four trials compared different types of saline versus acidic solutions (2 trials); saline versus antimicrobial solution versus antibiotic solution (1 trial); saline with antimicrobial versus bacterial solution (one trial). Data from seven trials that compared different washout policies were limited, and generally, of poor methodological quality or were poorly reported. The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts were beneficial or harmful. Further rigorous, high quality trials that are adequately powered to detect benefits from washout are needed.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies contributing to the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. Studies assessing risk and associated factors for fatigue were heterogeneous, and definitions of the factors under study were often inconsistent, with results therefore presented descriptively. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast, age at diagnosis and education level did not seem to be associated of fatigue. The prevalence of severe fatigue in a subgroup of survivors of haematological cancer was presented in seven studies and ranged from 1.8% to 35.9%. In these four studies, survivors were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was statistically significant in only two studies. One study provided information about the course of fatigue over time, and found that over the period of 2.7 years, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) reported persistent severe fatigue. We were unable to calculate any overall risk estimate for any of the reported risks or associated factors, because we could not conduct meta-analysis.
We found 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic alone) there was a significant reduction in RTIs but not in total mortality. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any effect.
This review found that there is insufficient evidence supporting the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 416 women. The trials compared glucocorticoid supplementation versus placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials involving 310 women. Data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. One of the trials gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. Our findings suggest that if the chance of live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate (OR 1.69, 95% CI 0.98 to 2.90; 2 RCTs, n = 310, I2 = 0%), or in OHSS or side-effects (OR 3.32, 95%CI 0.12 to 91.60; 1 RCT, n = 20, very low-quality evidence).
We included eight trials involving 291 people aged between five and 23 years. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo, standard-drug rhGH and high-dose rGH. The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels. We found improvement in height for all comparisons, but improvements in weight were only reported for no treatment. There is some evidence indicating a change in the level of fasting blood glucose, however, it did not cross the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes in the trials of short duration. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in this review. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs.
We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants that reported on three comparisons: complete removal from exposure and reduced exposure compared with continued exposure, and complete removal of exposure compared to reduced exposure. In 18 studies, authors compared reduction of exposure to continued exposure. No studies reported or enabled calculation of change in non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity (NSBH). In four studies, participants reported a decrease in income of 20% to 50% after removing from exposure. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. Removal from exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of asthma symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms. However, with all three outcomes, there may be improved results in the subset of patients exposed to low molecular weight agents.
This review included six trials involving 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. Trial participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had an average age of 73 years. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of PPI discontinuation, although two trials reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated social skills training compared to standard care. We found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement. Quality of life was also improved in the social skills programme. However, when social skills programmes were compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence was very low.
This review found that pegloticase is probably beneficial in the management of tophi in gout, in terms of resolution of symptoms, but with a high risk of adverse infusion reactions. However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgical removal of the tophi.
This review found no randomized controlled trials of oral IgA alone for the prevention of NEC.
This review found that postoperative chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the risk of developing a metastasis, could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. We found that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could also lead to problems. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality. Some client suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages.
This review found that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity. However, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin use.
This review found nine studies involving 1109 participants that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of antagonist-induced withdrawal from opioid use. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification.
This review found 14 studies that compared molindone with placebo or with other antipsychotics. The evidence is current up to May 2014. The review found no evidence to suggest that the effectiveness of this antipsychotic is similar to that of other typical drugs, but it does cause significantly more weight loss. The quality of evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of interventions. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams, and combination therapies (hydroquinone cream and glycolic acid peels), as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate.
This review found that postoperative injections of 5-FU are now rarely used as part of routine care but are increasingly used on an ad hoc basis. This indicates an aspect of the treatment that is unacceptable to both patients and doctors. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low-dose postoperative surgery was found to be very low using GRADE.
This review found that long-term use of inhaled steroids did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients. There was an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness.
We found 80 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 5820 women. The trials compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo (35 RCTs, I2 = 53%, low quality evidence). This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. However, NSAIDs appeared to be associated with more adverse effects (overall adverse effects: OR 1.29, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.51), gastrointestinal adverse effects and neurological adverse effects. There was no evidence of a difference with regard to adverse effects, though data were very scanty. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%); a further 31% failed to state their source of funding.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. We found insufficient data to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the two groups. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for RRT in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies and the number with author-defined kidney failure. The risk of meeting urine output and creatinine based RIFLE-R (risk) criteria for AKI was in contrast in favour of HES therapies. No differences between subgroups for the RRT and RFI-F based outcomes were seen between sepsis versus non-sepsis patients, high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low MW and DS, or high versus low dose treatments.
We found nine studies that involved 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two studies made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). Compared with no intervention, Rheterol had a positive effect on SCr and BUN. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rheterulol.
This review found that IQCODE performs better in a 'general' setting. We found no significant differences in the test accuracy of the short (16-item) versus the 26-itemIQCODE, or in the language of administration. There was significant heterogeneity in the included studies, including a highly varied prevalence of dementia (10.5% to 87%).
We included three studies involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. No studies addressed interventions in children and those with lower limb spasia, or after other focal intramuscular treatments. At best, there was 'low level' evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD rehabilitation in improving active function and impairments following BoNT. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function', caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment.
This review found four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, that compared different antiviral drugs with each other or with no antiviral drug. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. One trial compared combination treatment with lamivUDine and HIV/AIDS versus a combination of lamivurdine and adefovir dipivoxil after at least 12 months of combined treatment, and the other trial compared the combination of the combined antiviral and antiviral treatment with the newer antiviral medications. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. Statistically significant differences were not detected in any of the comparisons and outcomes. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were adequately powered to show differences in HBV recurrence.
This review found that Sulphonylurea with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (n = 15) and at 12 months (one study, n = 14) of treatment and follow-up. No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide, but insulin maintained stimulated blood sugar levels better than insulin. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events.
We found 70 studies with a total of 44,958 participants that examined the effects of social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. A total of 63 studies (42,784 participants) were included in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. We have reported pooled effects across delivery modes only for those analyses for which heterogeneity of delivery modes is not substantial (I2 < 50%). We found that alcohol-related problems at four or more months were similar between groups, with a reduction of 1.28 points in the 69-point alcohol problems scale score. No effects were found for WF or MF. Binge drinking at four and more months was similar, with an average reduction of 0.9 drinks consumed each week, from a baseline of 13.7 drinks per week. No effect was found for GFF or MC. Estimated blood alcohol concentration (BAC) with IFF was similar with regard to a reduction in peak BAC from an average of 0% to 0.74 days/wk, and no effects were observed for typical BAC with GFF.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no intervention. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if perceived satisfaction in the rate of recovery differed in people who were not prescribed postoperative equipment and restrictions (135/151 satisfied) compared to those prescribed equipment and restriction (113/152 satisfied). One trial (265 participants; 303 THA) evaluated the need for hip precautions with versus without the prescription of postoperative hardware and restrictions to functional activities. The other study (146 participants) investigated an enhanced postoperative education and rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL. This study was of very low quality evidence. There is also insufficient evidence to support the adoption of a postoperative community rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and education compared to conventional rehabilitation strategies based on functional outcomes.
This review found that LNG-IUD reduces the number of painful periods in women with endometriosis. Further well-designed trials are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, which were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. Most (14/18) changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. For consumption outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from two studies (n = 150) found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a moderate reduction in consumption of those foods, but with considerable uncertainty. Meta-regression analyses indicated that this effect was greater: the farther away the product was placed; when only the targeted product(s) was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of bias. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the certainty of this evidence is low or very low.
This review found no randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of two or more antiretroviral drugs for occupational PEP. However, cases had significantly lower odds of having taken zidovudine after exposure compared to controls. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, is required.
This review found that cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately after treatment, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. CBT but not behaviour therapy has weak effects in improving pain, but only immediately post-treatment and when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list.
We found 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met our inclusion criteria. Ten of the interventions provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated intervention activities of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a statistically significant average decrease in salt intake from pre-intervention to post-interventions, ranging from Finland to Ireland (see above), and one showed no significant change and two (Canada, United States) showed a significantly significant average increase of salt intake. Nine of the 15 interventions provided data on differences by sex (men and women separately). For women, three initiatives (China, Finland, France, Italy, Netherlands, Switzerland, United Kingdom) showed no statistically significant mean decrease, four studies (Austria, Netherlands) and Switzerland, Switzerland and United Kingdom showed no differences, and two studies (Australia, China, Finland and Finland) showed an average increase in salt. Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in mean salt intake occurred by other axes of equity included in the PROGRESS framework. We identified no adverse effects of these interventions. The number of initiatives was insufficient for other subgroup analyses, including stratification by intervention type, economic status of country and duration (or start year) of the intervention. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population and rigorous measurement of dietary sodium intake. However, all studies were scored as having high risk of bias, reflecting the observational nature of the research and the use of an uncontrolled study design. We could perform a sensitivity analysis only for impact.
We identified 18 studies, but only seven studies met our inclusion criteria. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine, propranolol, levodopa, and tryptophan were compared with placebo. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. There was insufficient evidence on the effectiveness of pharmacotherapy for the treatment of sleep bruxism. This systematic review points to the need for more, well-designed, randomised controlled trials.
We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. All studies reported mortality. For the primary outcome, study authors reported no differences in all-cause mortality between groups. For secondary outcomes, we are uncertain whether immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants improves the duration of ventilator days and ICU length of stay or oxygenation at day 4. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings.
This review found 33 studies that compared different methods of elicitation with checklist-type questions or rating scales. Despite different designs, populations and details of questioning methods, the narrative review showed that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. However, the impact on the nature of AE detected by different methods is unclear.
We identified 582 records from the databases and search strategies. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract). We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. We excluded 15 studies: eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP, five studies measured sensitivity of devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure SUDEP; and two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing SUDEP. One listed study is awaiting classification. We included one case-control study at serious risk of bias within a qualitative analysis in this review. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls ascertained a protective effect for the presence of nocturnal supervision and when a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. This effect was independent of seizure control. Non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and number of hospital attendances were not reported.
This review found that autogenic drainage was not superior to any other form of airway clearance technique. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst one study had an infective exacerbation. Exercise is commonly used as an alternative therapy by people with cystic fibrosis. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants.
This review found that psychological therapy based on CBT principles is effective in reducing anxiety symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective.
We found 12 trials involving 1,856 women. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-centre trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. Eight trials compared treatment with placebo and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. The meta-analysis of all women, suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages in subsequent pregnancies. A subgroup analysis comparing placebo-controlled versus non-placebo-controlled trials, trials of women with three or more prior miscarriages compared to women with two or more miscarriages and different routes of administration showed no clear differences between subgroups for miscarriage. None of the trials reported on any secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, blood clotting problems, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. There was probably a slight benefit for women receiving progestgen seen in the outcome of live birth rate. We are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality.
We included 14 studies with 1298 women. Nine studies compared CM versus control, and five studies compared MIB versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. The included trials rarely measured maternal and neonatal outcomes. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at delivery, or low birth weight. However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test). These results held for both CM and MIB combined. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to moderate.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term net adverse clinical events (i.e. assessed during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up), cardiac death, bleeding, and access site complications. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. We found no evidence that the intervention affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. In this subset, intervention surrogates had lower scores for decisional conflict measured on the Decisional Conflict Scale and were more likely than participants in the control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician, but imprecision meant that there was significant uncertainty about both results. The fact that there are six ongoing studies at the time of this review indicates an increased interest in this area by researchers.
This review found that there was no significant difference between the two types of sequencing in terms of survival, overall survival and metastasis-free survival. However, there was an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis in one trial (244 women) compared with CT before RT, but other measures of toxicity did not differ. The data included in this review suggest that different methods of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance and weight training, and the other RTCs evaluated CrP alone versus placebo. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. No firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses of CrP with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg CrP. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects.
This review found that there was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. One study reported that sucralfate cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. The study also reported lower wound pain scores in the zinc oxide group. There was moderate quality evidence that more Dermacym®-treated post-operative foot wounds in people with diabetes healed compared to those treated with iodine. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We included five randomised controlled trials with 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). Three interventions were evaluated - intramuscular progesterone, hexoprenaline and selecting high or low puncture sites for late 'blind' procedure - each intervention in a single small study. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice.
We included 10 studies: four studies provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-RCTs (1181 participants, 8037 live births); two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, one study unreported). The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa) and one study was conducted in Bangladesh, and one in Canada. Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. Three studies included maize flour fortified either with or without other vitamins and minerals. In one non-randomised trial, wheat flour was associated with significantly lower occurrence of total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly, compared to unfortified flour. In two studies, serum folate concentrations were significantly higher among women who consumed flour fortified versus no flour. Haemoglobin or anaemia were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on haemoglobin concentrations. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flour were not more likely to have higher plasma folate levels compared to no intervention. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk for attrition and contamination.
This review found two randomised controlled trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion in this review. Both trials were funded by the National Institute of Health, and one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The other trial was supported by a public health organisation. The review found that newborns who were screened were less likely to have low blood counts and were more likely to live longer than those who were not screened. The risk of dying from any cause was significantly lower in the screened group than in the control group. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters within normal limits of at least 89% predicted. At diagnosis, chest radiograph scores were significantly better among screened participants; 33% versus 50% of control participants had Wisconsin chest X-ray scores over five (P = 0.097) and 24% versus 45% of participants had Brasfield chest x-ray (BCXR) scores under 21). Over time, the quality of life of the screened participants was worse. In screened participants colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa occurred earlier.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' versus'standard' systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. Despite achieving a significantly lower blood pressure target, and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant benefit in the group assigned to 'lower blood pressure was a reduction in the incidence of stroke: risk ratio (RR) 0.58, 95% CI 1.39 to 0.88, P = 0.009, absolute risk reduction 1.1%). The effect of SBP targets on mortality was compatible with both a reduction and an increase in risk: RR 1.05 CI 0.84 to 1.30, RR 0.73, 95%)CI 0.53 to 1).
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving devices are more effective in healing diabetes related foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
We found five randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 235 participants. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions (n = 100), two of compensatory strategy training interventions, one of meditation interventions and one of physical activity interventions were identified. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on objectively assessed cognitive function (including processing speed, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed- and immediate-term memory), subjectively reported cognitive function and mental well-being. The meta-analyses of two RCTs (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from compensatory strategies training on physical functioning immediately (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.59 to 0.83; I2= 67%) or two months post-intervention) or on mental functioning, self-reported cognitive function, and spiritual quality of life (QoL). Evidence for physical activity and meditation interventions on cognitive outcomes is unclear. Overall, the, albeit low-quality evidence may be interpreted to suggest that non-drug interventions may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following systemic cancer treatment.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, involving 343 participants. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on very small numbers of participants and the evidence is very low quality. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. More high quality research is needed.
This review found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stenting and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality rate between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. However, there was a higher clinical success rate in the intervention group. The stent related perforation rate was 5.88% and the stent migration rate was 2.13%.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 1867 women, which compared human albumin, HES, and mannitol with placebo or no treatment for OHSS in women at high risk of OHSS. There were no data on live birth rates. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though heterogeneity was substantial. This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to 12%) with the use of IV albumin. However, there was no evidence of an effect on pregnancy rates. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions.
This review found 10 studies involving 484 patients. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction.
We included seven studies involving 241 participants in this review. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. Salbutamol administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. Insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline were not studied in any placebo-controlled studies.
This review found that antimicrobial and combined (antibiotic-non antibiotic) lock solutions decreased the incidence of CRI compared to control lock solutions. However, antimicrobial lock solutions probably makes little or no difference to the risk of thrombosis.
This review found that pre-emptive therapy significantly reduced the risk of CMV disease, but not acute rejection. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 140 participants, that evaluated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and blood sugar levels in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. There was a statistically significant improvement in blood sugar at three to five months with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo. No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being and costs were not investigated.
This review found that the active cycle of breathing technique was comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding.
This review found that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles.
This review found that infants with poorly compliant lungs were more likely to be ventilated with a short-term increase in the risk of dying before hospital discharge.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU.
We identified 38 trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, attrition was the number of participants remaining in the trial. Strategies that improved trial retention were addition of monetary incentives compared with no incentive for return of trial-related postal questionnaires, addition of an offer of a non-monetary incentive, 'enhanced' letters, letters delivered by priority post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order. There was also no evidence that a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire.
We included eight studies that involved 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not yet published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. Seven included studies provided data on the primary outcome: failure to adequately mechanically ventilate. We found no differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision. The Classic laryngeal mask airway may be quicker to insert, but this is unlikely to be clinically meaningful.
We included 19 studies with a total of 1453 children aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries. The average age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. We found that children treated with probiotics reported a greater reduction in pain frequency at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. The estimated number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive probiotics for one to experience improvement in pain in this time period. We judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and significant heterogeneity. We were unable to perform any meta-analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of life.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. Odds ratios (OR) for the two studies with dichotomous discrimination outcomes were 1.30 (95% CI 0.53 to 3.19) and 1.19). The 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had median SMDs favouring the intervention, at the three following time periods. SMD for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from -2.94 to 2.40. Cost data were provided on request for three studies, were highly variable, and did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies containing statements about adverse effects and neither reported finding any. Mass media interventions may reduce prejudice, but there is insufficient evidence to determine their effects on discrimination. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes.
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored concerns of healthcare providers and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income regions and 15 low-income areas, in rural, urban and semi-urban settings. We found 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context, service design and provision, and what matters to women and staff. The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas; personalised supportive care, and information and safety. For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. Healthcare providers also require sufficient training and education to do their job well, as well as an adequate salary, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to supplement their income, or to fund essential supplies. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value kind, caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, who respect women’s belief that pregnancy is usually a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise.
This review found that calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia in patients with aneurysmal SAH. However, the results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral nimodipine.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 739 children. The first updated search identified a manuscript reporting additional follow-up data for one of these RCTs, while the second update identified an erratum of this study. All studies had some methodological limitations. There was a significant statistical difference in overall survival in favour of myeloablative therapy over conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment (three studies, 739 patients; HR 0.78, 95% CI 0.67 to 0.90). There was no evidence of effect when additional data were included in the analyses. The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death did not show any significant differences between the treatment groups. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference was identified. No information on quality of life was reported. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups, but the results were not univocal in all studies.
We found eight randomised clinical trials involving 632 participants. The average age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The median follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the evidence as low to very low certainty. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone showed no difference in the results for proportion of participants with leukopenia and serum transaminases elevation. However, the proportion with total bilirubin elevation was larger in the TACE group, but these data were from one trial only (Chi² = 7.24, P = 0.007; very low-quality evidence). None of the trials reported serious adverse events. The rate of participants without tumour response (complete response plus partial response) was similar in both groups, although the rate of patients with serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) without decline or normalisation was significantly lower in the AFP group.
This review found no randomised controlled trials that examined the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with CLD/BPD. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements.
This review found that two-dimensional ultrasound offers small gains in safety and quality when compared with an anatomical landmark technique for subclavian (arterial puncture, haematoma formation) or femoral vein placement. Data on insertion by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain.
This review found that physiostigmine was associated with improvement on the ADAS-Cog score compared with placebo at 6, 12 weeks. There were significantly higher numbers of patients from the physiestigmine group withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events, and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, tremor, asthenia, and abnormal dreaming. When no attempt was made to identify responders and all relevant patients with Alzheimer's disease were randomized, pharmacists showed no convincing benefit and adverse effects remained common leading to a high rate of withdrawal.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with previous stroke, and one trial recruited a mix of people with CVD. We found that fibrates were effective in the secondary prevention of composite outcome of non-fatal stroke, non-atal myocardial infarction, and vascular death. However, this beneficial effect relies on the inclusion of clofibrate data, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to its unacceptably large adverse effects. There was no increase in adverse events compared to control.
The evidence is current to May 2017. We found 12 trials involving 3285 women at low risk of excessive bleeding after elective CS (nine trials, 2453 women) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 women). All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guidelines in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. Overall, included studies had moderate risk of bias for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding, selective reporting and low risk for incomplete data. The quality of evidence was also as assessed using GRADE. The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL was less common in women who received TA versus placebo (a dummy treatment) and no intervention (six trials, 1398 women; moderate quality evidence), respectively. Additional medical interventions and blood transfusions were less frequent in women receiving TA versus no interventions. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the use of TA.
We found 12 studies (involving 2494 children and elderly people) that compared amantadine and rimantine with placebo, paracetamol (one trial: 69 children) or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat influenza A. We found no studies assessing the effect of rimantenine in the elderly. The evidence is current to May 2017. The studies were of low quality and the quality of evidence was very low. The risk of influenza A in the control group was 10 per 100. The corresponding risk in the rimantardine group was 14 per 100 (95% CI 5 to 34). Rimantine did not show any prophylactic effect in the older population. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with the drug. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drug was not well established.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which included a total of 1512 women. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and two studies were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of intervention and one trial compared hysteroscopy with no intervention or a sham procedure. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the procedure. In all three comparisons there was no evidence of an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. The average pain experienced by women was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS). However, only one study reported this outcome. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution as we graded the quality of the evidence as either low or very low. The main reasons for this were most included studies were at a high risk of bias and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted RCTs are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We found four studies with 3905 participants, all of which were at high risk of bias. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We found no high-quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Evidence for other outcomes is inconclusive. We were also unable to determine whether professional care resulted in a lower number of first episodes of pneumonia compared with usual care over a 24-month period. Only one study assessed adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which was oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining.
This review found that budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was significantly more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. No adverse events were reported in the bismuth subsalicylate study. Adverse events in the beclometasone dipropionate trial include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache.
This review found that when diabetes duration is over one year, the overall effect of self-monitoring of blood glucose on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin is small up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months. Furthermore, based on a best-evidence synthesis, there is no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life.
This review found that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD. Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD met the inclusion criteria, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes related to substance misuse. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour.
This review included 11 studies involving 1047 participants. Five studies contributed to one or more analyses relating to purulent rhinitis, with up to 791 participants. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. Interpretation of the combined data is limited because some studies included only children or only adults, or only males; a wide range of antibiotics were used and outcomes were measured in different ways. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. Participants receiving antibiotics for the common cold did no better in terms of lack of cure or persistence of symptoms than those on placebo (risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% CI 1.59 to 1.51, (random-effects)). Adult participants had a significantly greater risk of adverse effects with antibiotics than with placebo, while there was no greater risk in children.
We found five trials (162 participants) that compared penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day). Adverse events and the proportion of participants achieving clear or almost clear skin were not measured. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. None of the trials measured our efficacy primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. We rated the quality of the results as very low-quality evidence, due to high risk of blinding of participants and caregivers, and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 933 participants with MS, that compared vitamin D with placebo. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested vitaminD₂. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, proportion of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. VitaminD did not increase the risk of serious adverse effects within a range of 26 to 52 weeks' follow-up. One study reported that vitamin D improved ratings on the psychological and social components of the HRQOL scale, but had no effects on the physical components. The other two studies found no effect of vitamin D on fatigue using different scales. Seven studies reported on cytokine levels, four on T-lymphocyte proliferation and one on matrix metalloproteinase levels, with no consistent pattern of change in these immunological outcomes. Effects on health-related quality of life and fatigue are unclear. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update.
This review found that morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain. Pain relief was reported by 96% of participants in 17 studies, and was equivalent to a score of 30/100 mm or less on a visual analogue pain intensity scale (VAS), or the equivalent in other pain scales. Only a few studies reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% had no worse than mild pain within a reasonably short time period. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Studies are old, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes and therefore were only designed to show equivalence between different formulations. The review also shows the wide range of study designs, and inconsistency in cross-over designs.
We found 14 studies involving 1260 participants. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias. Evidence was downgraded due to study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open versus steroid injections, percutaneous surgery versus steroid injection plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection, endoscopic surgery versus open surgery, and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery (transverse incision of the skin in the distal palmar crease, transverse in the skin about 2–3 mm distally, and longitudinal incision). Most studies were considered to be at high risk of bias due to design flaws. Compared with steroid injection, there was low-quality evidence that open surgery provides benefits with respect to less triggering recurrence, although it has the disadvantage of being more painful. Based on two trials, we are uncertain whether open surgery increases the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis).
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with 931 participants, that compared different types of radiotherapy with no radiotherapy. The studies were otherwise at low risk of bias. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, demonstrated a statistically significant benefit for RT plus PCV, with a median overall survival of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm. This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent prognostic factors for survival in two of the RCTs (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and EORTC). The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and whether temozolomide can be substituted for this remains unclear.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three trials compared intranasal corticosteroids with placebo; two trials compared oral montelukast with placebo (n = 103). We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not analysed as randomised. We also had concerns about selective reporting in another trial. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI, respiratory arousal index, and nadir oxygen saturation between the children receiving oral and placebo group. In contrast, children receiving a lower AHI were less likely to have a lower respiratory disturbance index compared to those in the placebo group (2 studies, 103 participants). We are also uncertain, however, about the differences in desaturation index and oxygen saturation. Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly distributed between study groups. No study examined the avoidance of surgical treatment for OSA as an outcome.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three clinical trials (CCTs), which included a total of 1291 children. All studies investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134, antithrombin (AT) supplementation n = 37, low-dose warfarin n = 31, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplements n = 240, AT supplementation and LMWH n = 41). AT and FFP were supplemented only in cases of AT or fibrinogen deficiency. We found no significant effects of systemic treatments compared with no intervention in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE and no differences in adverse events. None of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, HIT, HITT, death as a result of blood clots, removal of CVC due to VTE, CVC-related infection, and post-thrombotic syndrome. Three studies provided information on bleeding episodes: one participant developed an ischaemo-haemorrhagic stroke. None occurred. Four cohort studies were included for the evaluation of adverse events, and none found a significant difference between study groups. In one CCT, which compared one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment, we identified a significant reduction in symptomatic bleeding episodes with the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation. In the experimental group, 1/68 (1.5%) children were diagnosed with symptomatic blood clotting problems, as were 4/114 in the control group (best case scenario: risk ratio: RR 1.65, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.09 to 4.78). In one trial, 22/68 children were identified as having asymptomatic bleeding problems, 22% in the intervention group and 30% in control group. The evidence is current to May 2017.
This review found that CSFD did not have a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group versus 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving CSFD. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in the risk of postoperative deficits.
We included 13 studies with a total of 662 participants. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no differences between oral PUVA and conventional BB-UVB in terms of clearance rate. In three other studies, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one group, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, there were significantly significantly in favour of oralPUVA. Pooled data from these three studies indicated that withdrawals due to side-effects were not significantly different between the two groups. Two studies found no significant differences between the conventional and bath PUVA groups, while a parallel RCT favoured bath. Two RCTs found a similar rate of clearance between oral and topical PUVA plus retinoid. In people with CPP, the difference in PASI 75 was not statistically significant. One RCT in people with PPP found no clear differences between conventional PUVA with or without retinoids, and one RCT found similar effects for treating people with CCP or GP in terms. In the other RCT, one trial found there were no major differences between recombinant PRP and PRP plus PRP were similarly effective for treating CPP or GP. In practice, PRP may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. No studies reported our primary outcomes for PRP compared with conventional PRP.
This review found that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may enhance the outcome of treatment compared to electrical stimulation alone or exercises alone. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any method of treatment or exercises. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implanted sacral nerve stimulation.
This review found that using a urinary catheter compared with not using one is usually a trade-off between the risks of infection and recurrence of urinary tract infections.
This review found that aripiprazole is an effective treatment for mania in a population that includes adults, children and adolescents, although its use leads to gastrointestinal disturbances and movement disorders. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy.
This review found no evidence of significant difference between ethanol or urokinase lock treatments with concomitant systemic antibiotics and systemic antibiotics alone regarding the number of participants cured, the number days until the first negative blood culture, the need for an ICU admission and sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five publications. No significant effect of antibiotic lock treatment in addition to systemic antibiotics was found. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up.
This review found no evidence of benefit or difference for varied outcomes. There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial for acute whiplash-related pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term but not long-term follow-up.
This review found no studies meeting the study design criteria for this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria were included in this review. This review found insufficient evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations.
We found one randomised clinical trial that compared opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) with placebo. This review found no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps during the night. More patients in the drug group than in the placebo group were drug responders. The proportion of patients with side effects was similar between the drug and placebo groups. The major side effects were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache.
This review found 15 trials involving 1022 participants that compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation. There was no difference between the two groups in serious complications, such as reflex sympathetic dystropy, or pin-track infection. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsally displaced fractures of the distal radius in adults.
This review found that early removal of ureteric stents may reduce the incidence of urinary tract infections. However, if an externalised PU stent was used there was no discernible difference between the early and late group. Data on health economics and quality of life were lacking.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with filling. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs versus non-restorative caries treatment. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. The final study compared two different types of crowns: PMC versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns versus white veneers. No RCTs were found that compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns (i.e. Hall Technique versus conventional technique). In the two studies using crowns fitted using conventional method, all teeth had undergone pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. The evidence quality was very low and we are therefore we are uncertain about the estimates. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns compared to other types of caries, and for metal compared with aesthetic crowns, is very low. Crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk of major failure or pain in the long term compared to fillings.
We found 28 studies involving 788 children and adults. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP. In 22 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. There was a lower exacerbation rate in participants using PEP compared to other techniques (low- to moderate-quality evidence). In one of the included studies, it was reported (personal communication) that there was no difference in the number of respiratory exacerbations (66 participants). Participant preference was reported in 10 studies; and in all studies with an intervention period of at least one month, this was in favour of PEP. In one study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux, there were fewer adverse events related to the lower airways. In PEP versus oscillating pEP, adverse events were only reported in the flutter group (22 infants). There was limited evidence on adverse events; these were measured in five studies, two of which found no events. Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomisation sequence was either generated or concealed.
This review found that CZP is effective for induction of clinical remission and clinical response in participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73/835) and 6.2% (40/650) of participants, respectively.
This review found that the effects of pharmacological interventions for heart failure in people with CKD are uncertain. In acute heart failure, the effect of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, and quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. The effects of ACEi or ARB, or aldosterone antagonists on worsening heart failures or kidney dysfunction, low blood pressure, and low blood sugar were uncertain, as treatment estimates were consistent with either benefit or harm.
This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes.
We included two studies involving 54 participants with CVI. Both studies were at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. The intensity of disease signs and symptoms was measured in both studies but using different scales; we were therefore unable to pool the data. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. Although muscle strength assessed by dynamometry at slow speed did not differ between the two groups in this study, variable peak torque at fast speed was lower in the control group. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included studies. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low.
This review found that viscosupplements are an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient global assessment; and at different post injection periods but especially at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. In general, few adverse events were reported in the hyaluronan/hylan trials included in these analyses. In other analyses HA products had more prolonged effects than IA corticosteroids. The clinical effect for some products, against placebo, on some variables at some timepoints is in the moderate to large effect-size range.
This review found that misoprostol (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) with simultaneous administration of additional uterotonics did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal morbidity, admission to intensive care, or hysterectomy. The review found no trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PPH unresponsive to uterotonic therapy. Two trials attempted to test the effectiveness of estrogen and tranexamic acid, respectively, but were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. One study compared lower segment compression but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes.
This review found that routine short-term supplementation of cysteine improves nitrogen balance in preterm infants. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks of adverse effects, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of supplementation.
We identified 77 trials including 6287 participants that met the inclusion criteria of this review. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials were partially- or fully-funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Due to the very low quality evidence, we are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with NAFLD including those with steatoheteropathy. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary.
We found 15 studies, involving 1282 participants, which evaluated the accuracy of CSF testing of the CSF p-tau, CSF blood test and CSF test/ABeta for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease in clinical practice. We found that CSF tests may be better than specificity, and may be more likely to be more accurate than specificity. We did not find a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. We were not able to formally assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of studies available to be included. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant selection and flow and timing domains and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). According to the assessment of index test domain, eight of 15 studies were of poor methodological quality.
We found three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical surgery. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found evidence that propofol reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting over the short term (one to six hours after surgery) compared with inhalational anaesthesia. However, it is unclear whether this surrogate outcome translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods.
We found 14 studies, including 5 cohort and 9 case-control studies, with 1,601,515 study subjects. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of foetal death, but we did not observe this effect when potent to very potent topical steroid injections were given during pregnancy. For low birth weight, although the meta-analysis based on study-level data was not significant for either mild or moderate potency, we found no differences between the two subgroups. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) Working Group approach to rate the overall quality of the evidence.
We found four trials that were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroid and without topical steroid and had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches in July 2014. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review. There is inadequate evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of adjunctive topical steroid drugs compared with no topical steroids in improving visual acuity, infiltrate/scar size, or adverse events.
We included four trials with 450 participants. We found no evidence from RCTs that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic treatment with respect to functional outcome. The quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). At the end of follow-up, there was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. Data on vascular status (recanalisation rate) were only available for seven participants from one trial; we considered this inadequate for statistical analyses.
This review found one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children, that examined the effects of centre-based day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review found no evidence to suggest that day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that care of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment, or household income above £200 per week, improved, or worsened, employment of parents. Some trials included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children while exploring possible mechanisms of effect.
This review found that none of the currently available histologic scoring indices have been fully validated. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is required.
We found three randomised controlled trials that compared nailing versus plating in 213 participants, with useable data from 173 participants of whom 112 were male. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. Overall, the quality of available evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates. Although the pooled results of three different measures of foot and ankle function indicated a small difference in favour of nailing, the results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing (4/90 versus 10/83; RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.12 to 1.12), but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operation after nailing. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no significant differences in pain between the two groups. Similarly pooled data for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union, wound infections and fractures were not significant differences between nailing and plating, but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the risk for re-operative or risk of complications between the groups.
We included 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants: eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment, and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81, for major vascular event 0.90, and for dementia 0.88. We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic.
This review of four randomized controlled trials found that B-sitosterol improved urinary symptom scores and blood flow measures. B-Sitosterols did not significantly reduce prostate size compared to placebo. Withdrawal rates were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively.
We found 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These trials included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal asthma-related deaths when regular Salmeterol was compared with placebo. In patients who were not taking inhaled corticosteroids, compared to placebo, we found an increased risk of serious adverse events. There is also a clear increase in risk of asthma--related mortality in patients not using inhaled steroids in the two large surveillance studies. The adverse effects in children remain uncertain due to the small number of children studied.
This review found no evidence from controlled clinical trials that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1828 participants. All trials had a high risk of bias in the assessment of the remaining outcomes. Random-effects meta-analysis showed a beneficial effect of non-absorbable disaccharides versus placebo/no intervention on mortality when including all RCTs with extractable data. The Trial Sequential Analysis with the relative risk reduction (RRR) reduced to 30% confirmed the findings, but not when we reduced the RRR to 22%.
This review found that bisphosphonate therapy may reduce the risk of bone disease in children and adolescents after kidney transplantation, but the evidence was of very low certainty. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased bone disease or other complications, such as spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis. The quality of evidence for children and young adolescents was very low, and evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was very uncertain.
We found four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol per day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials was amenable to meta-analysis.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. We found that antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment: clinical diagnosis of acute rhinosinusitis, whether or not confirmed by radiography, is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse effects. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy.
This review found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 2515 patients, that compared two types of lymphadenectomy with each other. Three RCTs (all performed in Asian countries) compared D3 with D2. Data were available only from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Data for DFS were not available for the other trials. The quality of evidence was moderate; however, D2 was also associated with a higher postoperative mortality rate.
This review found that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low.
We found two studies that examined the effect of changing the consistency of fluids. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included 351 participants with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants using videofluoroscopy. Regular liquids with a chin down head posture, as well as regular liquids without any intervention, were also compared. The second trial, a parallel designed RCT, compared the effect on immediate elimination of aspiration of fluid (nectar and honey) over a three-month period in a subgroup of 260 participants. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of changing fluids for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few studies have been completed. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the long-lasting impact of thickened fluids on the health of the person with dementia should be considered.
This review found that there was no evidence of a statistically significant difference between natural cycle and standard IVF in rates of OHSS, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities, or cycle cancellations. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was significantly lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited.
We included a total of 984 people with COPD who were randomly assigned to receive Tai Chi or usual care. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. usual care). We found that Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres, 95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52 to 48.77 metres; participants = 318; I2 = 59%) and better pulmonary function in post-programme data. No adverse events were reported. When Tai Chi in addition to other interventions was compared with other interventions, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial outcomes with Tai Chi. However, the effects of Tai Chi on reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive.
We found 72 studies that involved 2470 participants. The studies were generally small and interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. We found that virtual reality and interactive video gaming were not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs. This review found that time since onset of stroke, severity of impairment, and the type of device (commercial or customised) were not strong influencers of outcome.
We identified five randomised controlled trials with a total of 1330 participants that compared fluoroquinolones added to standard treatment regimens versus standard regimens. We found insufficient evidence to be clear whether addition or substitution of fluorocinolones for ethambutol or isoniazid in the first-line regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases culture conversion at eight weeks. No trials reported on treatment failure. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events, we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 participants, very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). We found no trials that examined regimens of less than six months duration.
