In this review, the size of the lung and airways and the lymph nodes are examined. The lung is normal in size. There is no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion. There are moderate arteries and vessels of the heart and vessels. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions. The abdomen and pelvis were examined on the same day. No abnormal bone lesions were found.
In this review of the available evidence, the heart is normal in size. There is no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural or lung effusion. The thyroid is unremarkable. There are moderate coronary artery calcifications. The left vertebral artery is an independent origin of the left vertebrae. Severe heart and vessel calcifications are found in the aortic veins. There was no new evidence of pericardial effusion, and there is no evidence of narrowing of the arteries. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
In this review, we found that the lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels of the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion.
In this review, the size of the thyroid gland and the lymph nodes is compared. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels are maintained. No pericardial (a drain in the aorta) effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to characterize.
In this review of the literature, the heart is normal in size. There is a common origin of the right and left coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There are no suspicious nodules or masses. No pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumonia. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid is unremarkable. The lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central and central tracheobronchial tree. Mild diffuse bronchiectasis. No lymph nodes: No thoracic or lymph nodes nodes. Moderate hernia. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large in size and there is no obstruction of the coronary arteries, but there is mild air trapping on expiratory images of the lungs. There was no evidence of an obstruction in the lung. There were no abnormal blood vessels. The right lower lobe of the left lower lobe had a new area of groundglass opacity in the right (series 4, image 279). Findings are suggestive of an inflammatory process such as organizing pneumonia or NSIP, and are inconsistent with UIP. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2014.
In this review of the literature, the heart is normal in size. There is no obstruction of the lungs. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The thyroid is unremarkable.
In this review, the appearance of the lungs/airways/pleura was compared with that of the lymph nodes. There is evidence that the right lung is getting worse. The appearance is not typical for metastasis. There are no new lymph nodes in the left lung by CT size criteria. The visualized thyroid is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal, and there is no pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. The arteries and soft tissues: No aggressive disease. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis, performed on the same day.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the lungs/airways/Pleura is compared with the size and shape of the heart/vessel. The heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery calcifications are seen in the left upper lobe. These are stable back to 2019. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are identified. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. Normal course and caliber of the artery is normal. The Central pulmonary artery is abnormal. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive disease lesions.
In this review, the heart and vessels appear normal in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. Mild secretions within the lungs. No pleural effusions. The right lower lobe of the heart appears to be stable and normal. Normal course and caliber of the arteries of the lungs is noted. In the upper abdomen, no aggressive bone lesions are noted. No pericardial effusion. Stable sclerosis of the right sternum is likely related to prior trauma.
In this review, the thyroid gland is examined. There is a left upper lobe calcified mass. The right breast round calcification. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The included portion of thyroid gland was unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the heart. No pericardial effusion. Upper Breast: There is mild hepatic steatosis. No aggressive tissue lesions. No pleural effusion. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No mediastinal mass.
This is an update of the original review, which was published in 2010. The review now includes two new studies, published in 2019 and 2020, and is based on a review of the available evidence. We have updated the review with the findings of the first version of this review. We found that there is no evidence of lung collapse in the right middle lobe of the tracheobronchial tree. However, there is evidence of loss of volume in the lower lobes of the bronchus, which is worse compared to prior examination. There is some evidence that the left lung base of the aortic artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Healed right-sided rib fractures have been noted. No pneumothorax has been observed. No thoracic adenopathy has been reported. The left thyroid gland has a 1.7 hypodense nodule in the left thyroid. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No pericardial effusion is noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions have been observed in the soft tissues. Ultrasound and possible biopsy is recommended. Please correlate with findings an recommendations on ultrasound dated 5/22/2019.
In this review of trials, the size of the lung and airways/airways/pleura/thyroid gland were compared. The review found no evidence of lung or airway problems. The thyroid gland was normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pleural effusion was reported. Small amount of tissue in the right lateral chest wall. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal. The aorta measures 39 mm. Patchy bilateral airspace is seen involving all lobes with dense consolidations the lung bases. No pneumothorax. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No evidence of hypothyroidism is found. Small pleural or pericordial obstruction. The left lung has a patent tree. The right lung has an umbilical tube in place. The stomach tube terminates in the stomach. There is a small amount of subcutaneous emphysema along the right lung wall.
In this review, the size of the chest wall subcutaneous mass and lymph nodes, the heart and lungs, and the thyroid (thyroid) nodes were compared. The findings of the review are based on CT scans. The left lower lobe soft tissue mass (CC, AP, Trans) is stable. There is a stable narrowing of the left upper lobe bronchus. There are multiple additional unchanged pulmonary nodules measuring up to 1.5 cm, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 5, image 286; and right upper lobe on a series 154. There was a 2 cm right pleural metastatic node on series 330. The blood pool is low and there is a small hernia in the upper arm. There were no changes in the heart or vessels. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm. The right lower lung is stable, with a right thyroid punctate, measuring 1 cm in short axis. A small hiatal hernia is stable and appears to be stable. No changes are seen in the left mainstem lung. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. The number of myocardium and blood vessels is low, suggestive of anemia.
In this review, the size of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. No new or enlarging lung nodules are noted. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Again noted mild calcification of leaflets in the left upper lobe. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
In this review, the size of the tree of life in the right lower lobe of the lungs and the number of lymph nodes in the aorta (the main artery) is compared. The tree has been removed prior to surgery. A right chest tube terminates posteriorly directed towards the apex and second tube ends at the right base. Patchy openings in the left lateral chest wall may be on the basis of pneumonia. No pleural effusion. In the right chest wall therapy port tip, the right lung wall is thickened. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size.
In this review, we examined changes in the left upper lobe from prior treatment. No new or enlarging lymph nodes or thyroid nodules were found. No changes in pleural effusion or pleural swelling were seen. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart appears normal in size. The right upper lobe of the chest wall appears to be stable. The left anterior chest wall is better evaluated on concurrent MRI of both chest. The aorta measures 41 mm, similar to prior. No change in the size of the heart and vessels is noted. No pericardial effusion. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Hepatic cysts and other hypodensities too small to characterize are not seen. The thyroid is unremarkable.
In this review, the heart and vessels are examined. The heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications. In the right upper lobe, a sub-4 mm nodule in the right arm is stable back to 5/2021 and stable going back to studies from December 2017. No new lesions were found. No aggressive bone lesions. The left lower lobe of the aortic arch is a normal variant. The aorta is normal and the central pulmonary artery is normal.
In this review there is no evidence that there is any evidence of a tumour in the lung. There is some evidence that the right lower lobe of the tracheal wall is still growing, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica. However, there are no aggressive tumours. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The patient is status post cholecyst surgery. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of chemotherapy for the treatment of lymphadenopathy. The patient is stable in the left lower lobe. There are no changes in the right upper lobe. The ascending thoracic aorta is narrowed to 4.2 cm.
In this review, the heart appears normal in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. No pleural effusions. Mild atherosclerotic calcium deposits of the aorta are seen in the abdomen. No changes of the right breast and axilla. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the review of trials, we found that there is a lack of evidence that there are any major problems with the lungs, airways or other parts of the body. There is a small amount of evidence of bone growth, but there are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. There are no major problems in the lungs. There was some evidence of scarring of the pleura (a part of the lung) and there is mucus plugging within multiple middle and lower lobe distal bronchi.
In the prior study, the largest measuring up to 1.5 cm in the right lower lobe in the largest of these nodules was a left lower lobe lesion. The number of patchy groundglass nodules has increased, including new areas of involvement (patchy groundglobes) in the upper lobe. Some of these have become cavitary, including a large, patchy lesion in the left upper lobe, in series 4 image 214. No air trapping in the expiratory images. Normal course and caliber of the thyroid. No new, non-cancerous lymph nodes. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. Pulmonary artery is normal. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine. No abnormal bone growth. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones growth. No pericardial effusion.
This review of the evidence shows that the right upper lobe of the right lung is still filled with mass, and the left upper lung is also filled. There is no evidence of a change in lung function. The right upper lung has been affected by the spread of the lymphangium. There are new soft tissue lesions along the right middle lobe and lower lobe, and there is new tissue growth in the lymph nodes. The left lung is covered by a layer of fat, and this may be due to infection. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. There were no major changes in the descending thoracic arteries. There was no significant change in the right shoulder. There may be some evidence that the left shoulder is affected, but there is not enough evidence to be certain of this.
In this review, we examined the effects of the removal and drainage of the lung and the airways of the aorta. The review found that the left lung and airways were in a good position. The right lung was at the base of the chest wall, and the two left chest tubes at the apex. There is no evidence of fluid in the pleural space or lung. No oral contrast is seen in the lung (although presumably contrast was given by tube). Small hiatus hernia is noted in the right lung and no thoracic or pericardial effusion is noted. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels are normal. No evidence of obstruction of the artery in the heart. No associated gas in the soft tissues.
In this review, the size of the lymph nodes, heart and vessels, and the lungs/airways/pleura were compared with the size and shape (of the lymph node) of the aorta. There is a new 6 mm (3/40) lymph node (4/206) in the left breast. No focal consolidation is seen. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The central pulmonary artery is stably enlarged, suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery are seen. The patient is status post median sternotomy and valve replacement. Changes from prior surgery are seen in the visualized spine. No axillary, subpectoral, or breast adenopathy by CT size criteria.
In this review of studies from 2021, the left lower lobe of the right lower lobe (the paraspinal lobe) has decreased in size. There is chronic mucoid impaction and the left peribronchial (the upper lobe) is similar to the prior studies. The enlarged left leg (the right leg) is no longer present. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.5 cm in the axial plane. The heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pleural effusion or lung wall thickening. Central airways are clear. No signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickness. Motion artifact limits evaluation of the lung bases. A 1.1 cm right lower limb pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 256 is unchanged compared to prior study.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules are noted. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The right upper lobe of the left lower lobe is stable. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The abdomen is better delineated on recent MRI of the abdomen. Findings below the diaphragm are better described.
In the present study, the size of the aorta and lungs were compared to the size in the study from March 2021. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe. The dominant node on the right is slightly increased in size, measuring 1.8 cm. The main lobe on the left measures 1.7 cm. No pleural effusions or consolidations were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately.
In this review of the literature there are no new studies for this update. The more diffuse groundglass opacities seen on the prior studies have resolved. In the left lower lobe there are ill-defined (not well defined) nodules in the lower lobe. No new studies have been published. The heart and vessels: Normal size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aorta. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Mild arterial calcifications of the aortas. No abnormal growths. Upper Abdomen: A portion of the abdominal organs (e.g. muscles and soft tissues) are unremarkable. No changes in bone structure or function.
In this review, the heart and vessels appear normal in size. No changes in the amount of blood in the lungs. The airways are patent. No change in the number of pleural effusions. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Common origin of the right thyroid artery and left common artery, a normal anatomic variant. Calcified valve leaflets. No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, the heart and vessels, lungs, airways, and soft tissues were examined. There is a small hernia in the left lung. Mild secretions are seen in the right mainstem bronchus. There are moderate coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The right lower lobe of the left adrenal gland is unchanged from 2014. There was no change in the number of sub-4 mm nodules, for instance in the lingula on series 4, image 200, which are unchanged from the last search.
In this review, the size of the lesions in the lungs/airways/Pleura and the lymph nodes were not changed. The airways are patent. No significant change in right apical lesion measuring 3.7 x 1.7 cm (5:104). The left upper lobe nodule is a diffuse mosaic (4 mm) in the right upper lobe measuring 2.9 cm. There is no significant difference in the number of patients with pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No significant changes in mediastinal nodes, representative examples include AP window node measuring 1.4 x 1 cm, azygoesophageal recess node (1.3 x 1). Unchanged right hilar node (2.2 cm). Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separately dictated report of CT abdomen from the same day. Osseous metastases and Soft Tissues: No major change in stable sclerotic metastases involving axial and appendicular skeleton.
This review found no evidence for the presence of cancer in the lungs. There is a persistent subpleural hernia in the left upper lobe of the neck, likely due to cancer. There was no evidence of cancer of the lymph nodes. There were no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The hernia is a large hiatal hernia. Sclerotic metastasis in T2 vertebral body is unchanged. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
In this review, the size of the right upper lobe (4/168) and other scattered (up to 6 mm) lymph nodes were stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The left lower lobe had a 6 mm nodule of clinical concern. Mild to moderate bronchiectasis and bronchial wall thickening with new (but not large) bronchia, could be secondary to impact of the airway. Mild mucus secretions in the left side of the neck. No pleural effusions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries are similar to prior. No aggressive bone lesions. Coronary and aortic calcifications are present similar to previous. The posterior mitral annulus and mild calcification of the leaflets in the aorta are present. Upper abdominal cysts: Left renal cortical cysts.
In this review, the thyroid gland is normal. No abnormal growths were reported. No evidence was found of abnormal growth of lymph nodes or thyroid glands. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No lung obstruction. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, the heart and lungs/airways/pulmonary nodes/worsenoids were compared with each other. The heart appears normal in size. No pleural effusion or lung swelling was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid is unremarkable. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No obstruction of right renal calculi. Older rib fracture. The aorta measures 36 mm. Coronary artery calcifications. Cholelithia.
In this review, the thyroid lobe mass measuring 3 cm is stable in size. The heart appears normal in size and there are no major problems. There are mild coronary calcifications. No new thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and vessels: the heart appears to be stable. No pericardial effusion, and there is no evidence of narrowing of the airways. Upper Abdomen: refer to MRI abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
In the present study, we examined the effects of the thyroid and lymph nodes on the lungs, heart, lungs, and vessels. In the left upper lobe of the left thyroid, there is an enlarged lymph node, 1.3 cm in short axis, and containing a punctate calcification. There is a calcification of aortic veins, and there is a small amount of blood in the aorta. There are scattered pulmonary cysts and blebs. The pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged to 3 cm, may be seen in the setting of pulmonary artery high blood pressure. No pleural effusion is seen. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. There was no evidence of an increased risk of pericardial effusion.
In this review, we found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or lymph nodes in the lung. No new or worsening of the disease. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. The right lung apex scarring in the right lung is stable. The thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion, and the aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported in separate reports.
In this review of the literature we found no new or enlarging of lung or airway nodules or of the aortic valve. No new or worsening of the disease. The left lower lobe of the right upper lobe has decreased in size (5:291) and the right lower lobe ground glass has resolved. The right upper and lower lobes are stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery and mild calcifications. Upper and lower limbs: Reported in the upper arm. Upper limb and lower limb: Reported separately.
In this review, the thyroid is normal in size. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious dense lymph nodes were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The thyroid is not thought to be affected by thyroid cancer. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
In this review, the thyroid gland is shown to be normal in size. There is a left lower lobe calcified granuloma. The upper lobe of the thyroid is covered in a thin layer of bone. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The heart and vessels appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the arteries are noted. No evidence for the presence of pleural effusion is seen. There are no signs of thyroid gland hyperplasia. The thyroid gland appears to be unremarkable.
In this review, the size and density of the nodules in the lungs and airways/pulmonary vessels were compared. The results showed a decrease in size of the lung and the lymph nodes. The heart is normal in size. No new consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. The central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels: Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive lesions. Healed right rib fracture. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: no aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, the size of the lung and the heart and vessels were compared. The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new or worsening of the disease in the left upper lobe. No pleural effusion. The right upper lobe of the right lung was stable. No pericardial and aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were reported. The left upper lung base had mild atelectasis at the right base. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. There is no evidence to support the use of thyroid hormone therapy. The heart is normal in size. Aortic, coronary artery and heart valves are calcified. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Diffuse osseous metastatic disease. Portions of the esophagus are patulous.
In this review, the thyroid gland is shown to be normal in size. There is a mild enlargement of right lower lobe superior segment (5/194) of thyroid gland. The left upper lobe of the thyroid is thickened and the right aortic valve is widened. The heart and vessels appear normal. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The lymph nodes are stable and the airways are patent. Mild coronary calcifications are again noted. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No calcifications in the lower abdomen. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the thyroid gland again appears to be absent and the lungs and airways are patent. There is a new 1.0 cm irregular nodule in the the right lower lobe (series 4, image 265). The central airways appear normal in size. No pleural effusions. Upper lobe (left lower lobe wedge resection): The thyroid gland is atrophic. The patient is status post left lower lobe reduction of the thyroid. There was no change in the patient's lymph node size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the heart and the aorta. Small amount of fluid posteriorly. Small hiatal hernia. Heart and Vessels: the cardiac chambers and vessels appear normal, but there is an increase in size of a sclerotic lesion in the T6 vertebral body, previously measuring 1.3 cm.
In this review, we looked at the effects of the disease on the lungs, heart and vessels. We found that the right upper lobe of the lung is still thickening and the left upper lobe is still stable. The right lung has a small right pleural effusion, similar to prior exam. The left upper and lower lobe have a similar number of left upper lung nodules (5:199, 236), but these are not related to airways disease. No new left bronchial nodules have been found in the left atrium and right ventricle. There is no evidence of any new lymph nodes, and no enlarging nodes have been noted. The thyroid gland has not been affected. There are no new bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed in the right atrial and left ventricular chambers. The heart and vessel wall of the right chest are still thickened and stable. There were no new left atrial artery and left aortic (aortic valve) calcifications. No evidence of new nodes. The lung wall is still intact. There was no new evidence of cancer in the thyroid gland. The lymph nodes of the left lung and the right lung are still thin and stable and no new nodes were noted. However, left lung wall ICD leads terminate in the heart and ventricular junction. The breast wall therapy port tip of the chest wall leads terminates in the SVC/right atrial junction.
In this review, the size of the lesions in the lungs/airways/Pleura was compared to the size and shape of the heart/vessel. The main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary pressure. There is a mass in the right upper and middle lobes. This mass extends into the right hilum and partially surrounds the right mainstem (the bronchus). The mass may represent the result of a post-bronchus (the upper lobe of the lung). There are no pleural effusion or pleothoraxis. The left adrenal gland is prominent. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. Moderate coronary artery calcifications are seen, which is a sign of coronary artery obstruction. No pericardial effusion is seen. Upper Abdomen: There is no evidence of obstruction in the upper limb of the left kidney. However, there is a prominent left lymph node. The right thyroid gland is unremarkable and the right thyroid tissue is not well defined. The lymph nodes in the left thyroid tissue appear to be normal. The evidence for lymphadenopathy is weak, and further research is needed.
This review of the literature found that the right upper and middle lobes of the heart were stable. No new or enlarging of the pulmonary nodules. The pulmonary artery is normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Stable cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the the aorta. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine age-induced changes throughout the spine.
In this review, the size of the lymph nodes and the lungs/airways/pulmonary artery is normal. There is an enlarging tubular lymph node adjacent to this nodule. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction are seen. Central airways are clear. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper abdominal scan: No aggressive disease of the bone or soft tissue structures. No adenopathy by CT size criteria. New 5 mm soft tissue attenuation nodule in the right back fat in series 5 image 312. The right superior mediastinal lymph node measuring up to 9 mm short axis is new. The left lower lobe pulmonary nodule is unchanged. There was no change in the size or shape of the right upper limb. No changes in the bone structure. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
In this review, the size of the right thyroid lobe is heterogeneous. In the left thyroid lobe, the thyroid artery is normal in size. Common origin of the left and right thyroid arteries from the aortic arch (normal variant). The right thyroid artery measures 34 mm. No thyroid nodes are enlarging. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal size and volume. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion is reported in the right lung. No lymph nodes enlarging in the thyroid lobe. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Osseous structures and soft tissues: stable L1 compression fracture. Prior right shoulder rotator cuff repair. Osteotomy in the left humeral head.
This review of the literature found that there are no abnormal changes in the thyroid gland. The thyroid is normal size. No abnormal growths of lymph nodes or lymphocytes are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels are observed. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax is noted. Mild bronchiectasis is not noted.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the lungs/airways/Pleura and in the lymph nodes/thyroid (thyroid gland) were compared. No new or enlarging pulmonary or airway nodules were found. No pleural swelling or swelling of the airways were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed in the thyroid. The thyroid is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aorta. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unchanged. The spine is normal. Upper Abdomen: Status post surgery: No abnormal changes in the spine. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed.
In this review, the size of the upper lobe of the lungs was compared with that of the lower lobe. In the upper left upper lobe, the right upper lobe and the left apical lobe were compared. Lungs/ways/Pleura: No aggressive bone lesions. Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal (e.g. bronchial wall scarring) and large apical bullae were shown to be benign pathology. The right upper and left lower lobe nodules were also benign. Lung and airways: Lung is normal in size. No aggressive disease has been noted. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Thyroid is unremarkable. No active thyroid disease. Small hiatus hernia. No lymph nodes: No abnormal lymph nodes. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the size of the right lower lobe of the heart and the airways were studied. The largest and most medial mass measures 6.0 x 5.1 cm. No new or enlarging nodules were found. No pleural effusions were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper Abdomen: No abnormal bone lesions. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The airways are patent.
In this review of the literature, the effects of the cysts on the lungs and the airways of the heart and vessels were compared. The review found that the disease has progressed in the left lower lobe. Some of the disease in the right upper lobe is new since prior exam (4:134). No evidence of pleural or airway swelling was found. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the thyroid gland. In both breasts, calcifications were noted. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the artery and aortic valve calcifications are also noted. No pleural effusion or lung swelling is noted. In the upper breast, calcification of both breasts is noted, but this is not aggressive. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
In this review, a left lower lobe lung nodule is stable. A 1 cm right thyroid nodule in the right upper lobe is again noted. The main pulmonary artery is dilated suggestive of a high risk of hypertension. There are chronic pockets of blood in the left chest wall. No aggressive lung nodules are seen. A mild compression fracture of T6 vertebral body is stable and no aggressive lesions are observed. For findings below the abdomen, the diaphragms and the pelvis please see a separate report.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid is normal in size and the aorta, heart and vessels are normal. There is no evidence of cancer in the thyroid. The thyroid does not appear to be affected in the way the thyroid looks. However, there is a small amount of fluid surrounding the right thyroid. This may be due to the presence of secretions in the lungs.
In this review of the available evidence, the size of the heart and vessels of the lungs, the aorta (pulmonary artery) and the lymph nodes/lungs/Pleura (pneumothorax) appear normal. No pleural effusion or pleural swelling is noted. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The left jugular central venous catheter tip terminates in the stomach.
In this review of the literature search, we found no evidence of large lung or airway disease. We found evidence of small lung and airway lesions. We did find evidence of changes in the size of the heart and vessels and in the body's soft tissues. No evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. There is no focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural or pneumothorax. Few scattered cysts are seen in the right lung, some of which may be benign. There are few scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules, some, which are calcified. Mild dependent atelectasis. The heart appears normal. Central airways are patent. Heart and vessels: Status post CABG. No acute abnormality. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No acute abnormality. No fracture of the right seventh rib. Nondisplaced buckle fracture of right sixth rib. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Minimally displaced fracture of a bone in the upper aspect of right rib. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the heart appears normal in size. No abnormal lung or airway swelling is noted. No evidence of pleural effusion or pleural swelling is found. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The thyroid is unremarkable. The aortic valve calcifications in the left upper lobe of the heart are mild.
In this review, the thyroid gland is shown to be enlarged and to have a small amount of fluid in the lungs. There is no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of the original review of the review published in 2010. The review includes three new reviews. The original review was published in 2011. The new reviews are up to date as of February 2015. The main findings of this review are that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No abnormal lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prevascular mediastinal node measuring up to 1.1 cm short axis in series 3 image 80. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Benign-appearing lucent lesions in the left third rib in series 2 image 86 for example. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
In this review, the heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pleural effusion or pleural swelling is reported. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening with foci of mucoid impaction is seen. No aggressive bone lesions. Large amount of thrombus in the right internal jugular vein, partial imaged.
In this review, the heart appears normal in size. The lungs/Pleura: No pleural effusion or lung wall thickening can be seen in the setting of GERD. Normal course and caliber of the artery of the heart. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickness. No aggressive bone lesions. The spine and soft tissues: No aggressive disease of the spine.
This is an update of the original review, published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews. The original review was published in 2011. The updated review includes three new reviews, which will be incorporated into the review when the review is published. This update will be published in the next version of the review.
In this review, the size and distribution of pulmonary metastases in the right lung, the airways and the heart were compared. Lungs: Large degree of right lower lobe collapse. Small right and trace left lower lobe effusions. No significant change in size or spread of the lymph nodes. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The thyroid is unremarkable. No pericardial effusion. No evidence of thyroid disease. The left lung: No significant changes in size and spread of lymph node metastases. The metastases demonstrate increased cavitation consistent with response to treatment (for example right upper lobe 3: 199,221; left upper lobe 2:138; left lower limb 3:195). No evidence to suggest pneumonitis. Post radiation subpleural change posterior to the right breast. Upper abdominal ascites. Osseous and soft tissues: No active bone lesions. The right breast remains intact. Status post right breast surgery and right axillary lymph node dissection.
In this review of the available evidence, the thyroid gland is thought to be healthy. No abnormal growths in the thyroid have been identified. No evidence of abnormal growth in the lungs or in the airways is found. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickness. Thyroid is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels. No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse growth of calcification in the left breast. Patient recently underwent mammogram in July 2021 and will be followed up for at least 10 years.
In this review, the size of the thyroid nodules in the left lower lobe of the heart and in the aorta (the main artery) is normal. There is some remaining thyroid nodule in the prior area where the thyroid is being removed. No new lymph nodes or paraesophageal (sophagus) nodules are seen. The neck and chest wall are clear. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aortas are normal size. No changes in the size or shape of the lungs or in the airways are seen in the previous studies. No pleural effusion or airway blockage are seen on the left chest wall. No aggressive bone lesions are noted in the neck and the abdomen. The thyroid with nodules of decreased in size is unchanged compared with the most recent study and stable going back to studies from July 2015.
In this review, the size of the lung and airways are compared with the size and shape of the lymph nodes. Lungs/Pleuras: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 283 is unchanged and is stable in size going back to study from December 2020. There is a chance that it is new when the study is re-conducted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse mild bronchial disease. Common signs of the disease include swelling of the airways. Central airways were clear. No new lung nodules were found. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic valve. Upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
In this review, we examined the results of CT chest and abdomen/pelvis. We found no evidence to support the use of the chest or pelvis in the treatment of acute lung injury. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There is no evidence that the aorta or lungs are affected. However, there may be other problems with the way the chest and airways are viewed. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of the surgery on the heart and lungs. More studies are needed to determine the best way to care for patients with acute lung disease.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. There is mild soft tissue stranding of the left 3-4, 4-5 and 5-6 rib spaces, which is likely to have been caused by trauma. No acute compression fracture deformity was found. Central height loss of the T4 and T5 vertebral bodies in the neck is chronic. There was no evidence of pulmonary contusion. No evidence of a pulmonary obstruction. The lower thoracic ribs are either only partially or not fully seen.
In this review, the size of the lung and the airways are examined. The image quality is limited due to patient's body habits. There are scattered sub-6 mm pulmonary nodules, for example one in the left upper lobe. No pleural effusions. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated CT abdomen for subdiaphragmatic findings.
In this review, the heart and vessels were examined. The heart appears normal in size. No evidence of obstruction in the lungs or in the airways. Mild reticulations in the left lower lobe favored to represent scarring (a previous lung embolism). No pleural effusion. The left lung is patent. Mild multilobar lung disease is the result of bronchial wall thickening. Upper lobe of the left lung, centrilobular and paraseptal disease, is a result of scarring. No aggressive bone lesions. The right lower lobe is a product of the right hepatic lobe and has granuloma in the right liver. There is no evidence of an obstruction in this lobe. No pericardial effusion was observed. No bone lesions were found. The upper abdomen has calcified granulomas. The aorta is 38 mm long and the coronary artery calcifications are the cause of aortic and coronary artery disease. No serious adverse events were reported. The review concludes that there is not enough evidence to recommend the use of corticosteroids in this group of patients. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for people with COPD.
In this review of the available evidence, the size of the lung and airways and of the heart and vessels is normal. The presence of a left apical pulmonary node is normal and the presence of no pleural effusion, pleural obstruction or pleural swelling is not abnormal. No aggressive bone lesions are found. The body of the thyroid is normal size. No abnormal lymph nodes have been found. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal in size. Normal thyroid gland size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. There is no pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Upper abdominal cavity: No abnormal bone lesions. No dominant mass lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine are observed.
In this review, the size of the right upper lobe nodules have decreased in size compared to the prior study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are unchanged. Other scattered pulmonary noduls are unchanged and heart and vessels are normal size. Mildly raised arteries and veins are normal. No pleural effusion or lung swelling are seen. Central airways are clear. The thyroid is normal size and the thyroid gland is not enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and pulmonary artery is normal. Mild coronary artery calcifications are not seen. The thoracic spine is normal and normal. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine are observed. The findings of the review should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of participants and the low number of events.
In this review, the left lung and the left upper lobe of the heart and the thyroid were studied. The thyroid is heterogeneous. There is stable volume loss of the left lungs. However, there is an interval worsening in left basilar deposits. No new lymph nodes are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are observed. No pleural effusion is reported. There was no evidence of a difference in the size of lymph nodes. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
In this review there is no evidence of any aggressive tumour in the lung. There is also no evidence that the tumour has spread to the abdomen or pleural area.
In this review, the size of the lung mass and the lymph nodes were examined. The findings of the review are consistent with a 4.8 x 4.6 x 6.2 cm right apical lung mass which contacts the anterior apical pleural and abuts but does not cross the major pulmonary fissure. No other new noncalcified pulmonary nodules were identified. The finding on radiograph corresponds to a 4 mm left upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 253 which is unchanged going back to study from November 2014. This lesion also involves the mediastinum. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Small pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cyst. Post surgical changes consistent with prior cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels and of the lungs/airways/pleura were compared. The review found no evidence of lung or airway problems. No pleural effusion or lung wall swelling was observed. Normal thyroid gland size is normal. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aorta. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: The portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed.
In this review of the available evidence, we found no new or enlarging of the pulmonary nodules. The left lower lobe of the lungs is stable. The right lower lobe is stable, and there is a stable left thyroid node. There is stable biatrial enlargement. A right chest wall with Chemo-Port is in place. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion. No heart and vessels are affected. Moderate coronary calcifications. No pericardial fluid is seen. The airways are patent. Dual lead pacemaker is placed. Epicardial wires are seen.
In this review, the size of the pulmonary artery and the aorta were compared to the size and shape of the lungs. The findings showed a decrease in the volume of the lung and in the airways. There was no evidence to support the use of an ICD in the left lung. The right lung and the airway were normal size. The heart and vessels were normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion was reported. No pneumothorax was reported in the thoracic spine.
In this review of the available evidence, we found that: Lungs/Pleura : There is a lot of fluid in the left upper lobe. Patchy airspace opacities in the right upper lobe in series 4 of one study. New pulmonary nodules in the lower lobe. Some of the nodules seen on the prior study from August 2021 have resolved. New moderate bilateral pleural effusions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. New large pericardial effusion. Mild coronary arteries and aorta: calcifications of the coronary arteries. Mild aortic artery calcification. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine.
In this review, the size of the arteries and vessels of the heart and of the lungs/pulmonary artery were compared. The review found that the thyroid gland is normal size. There are no abnormal changes in the thyroid. No abnormal swelling of the lymph nodes or the thyroid glands. The lung and the airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are reported. The aorta is normal. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine are observed.
In this review, we examined the effects of the disease on the lungs, the heart and the vessels. Lungs: There is a new ground glass opacity 0.8 cm in the left lower lobe, series 5 image 353. The right upper and middle lobe are less conspicuous. There is also a small left pleural effusion. There are mild coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings.
In this review, the size of the lung, heart and vessels were compared to normal size. Lungs and airways/Pleura: There is a small amount of evidence to suggest that some of these lung nodules are less than 4 mm. Some of these nodules may be related to the presence of bone in the right upper lobe. There is also some evidence that the pleura in the superior segment of the right lower lobe is less than 1 cm in diameter. Lung and airway: No clear evidence of lung or airway blockage. No pleurons are clear. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size and the vessels are normal. Pulmonary artery is normal. Severe arteries calcifications of the aortic annulus (a narrowing in the artery) are rare. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive disease of the bones or soft tissues. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Normal thyroid. No abnormal changes throughout the thoracic spine.
In this review, the heart and vessels, lungs and airways were examined. The heart appears normal in size. No evidence of pericardial (hole) effusion. No pleural effusion was reported. Lungs/Airways and the thyroid: The heart is unremarkable. The lung and the aortic valve calcified. The thyroid gland is normal. No signs of adenopathy. The aorta is 39 mm long. The right upper lobe of the thyroid gland had a stable nodule (5:166). No evidence that this was caused by an obstruction. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
In this review, the size of the lungs and airways/Pleura are normal. There is a normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. Pulmonary artery is normal size. The right breast has a small soft tissue nodule in the right breast in series 5 image 221. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine are observed.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the lungs/airways/pleura is compared with the size and shape of the heart/vessel. There is a lack of evidence to support the idea that the heart and vessels are affected. There are no pleural effusions. The left upper lobe of the left lung has a new solid nodule, which is stable at 1.3 cm with surrounding groundglass opacity, and a right lower lobe nodule measuring 0.9 cm is stable. In the right upper lobe, there are stable nodules a 0.7 cm and 1.2 cm in size. There were no aggressive bone lesions. A calcification is seen in the left breast. Heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size, and there is no evidence of coronary artery calcification. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There are subcentimeter retroperitoneal lymph nodes. Hilar lymph nodes are difficult to evaluate due to noncontrast study.
In this review, the right middle lobe lung nodule remains stable and no new or enlarging lung nodules are seen. There is no evidence of a lymphadenopathy (lung cancer). There is a 1.6 cm left thyroid nodule. No aggressive lesions in the right second rib are stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This review found no evidence for the presence of a lung cancer. A trace right pleural effusion is noted. No aggressive lung cancer is seen. No axillary, mediastinal, or hilar lymphadenopathy is observed.
In this review, the size of the right lung cavitary lesion in the right apex is unchanged in size. There are multiple calcifications and a low fluid level in this lesion. There is also a large amount of fluid in the aorta. No new pulmonary nodules are detected. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickness. Severe heart disease. No pulmonary nodule. The aortic arch of the lung is narrowing and there is a stable narrowing throughout the descending aort. The common bile duct is stable. The upper abdomen is also stable. No changes in the spine. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecyst surgery.
In this review there is no new or enlarging lung nodule. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural drainage.
In this review there is no evidence of a difference in the size of the lung nodules. There is also no evidence that there are any major problems with the lymphadenopathy. There are some indications that there is a small amount of blood in the lung, but the extent of this is not clear. The findings of this review are based on a recent Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural or lymph nodes. No other findings to suggest pulmonary disease. Mild air trapping of the lungs and aorta is seen on the images. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels are normal. Normal thyroid. No aggressive bony lesions. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary artery (the heart of the blood supply to the lungs). No changes in the heart or arteries. No pleural effusion. Central airways are clear. Heart and vessels: Stable postsurgical changes consistent with prior heart transplant. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary artery is large and normal size. Mild angina. Upper Abdomen: The vision of the abdomen organs and soft tissues is unimpressive.
In this review, the trachea and lungs of the patient are examined. There is a moderate right and small left, partially closed, pleural (head of the airway) drain. There are overlying systemic (in the airways) and systemic (bronchial) oedema. The patient has a right lung and a left lung. There was no definite evidence that the right lung was in the right place and the left lung in the left place. No definite evidence for pneumothorax. The left lung is in place with a small amount of simple fluid. No evidence of an atelectasis is found, however this is not certain due to scattered right greater than left ground glass (opacities) that are suspicious for aspiration. No aggressive osseous lesion is found. The heart and vessels: Status post aortic valve replacement.
In this review, lungs/airways and spleen were compared. The review of trials found no evidence of lung or spleen obstruction. The heart appears normal in size. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen in setting of hypertension. Upper abdominal wall appears to be intact. The liver appears normal to slightly swollen. The spleen appears top normal to mildly enlarged. No aggressive oesseous lesion was found. The aorta is mildly ectatic. The nose tip of the tube is present within the gastric lumen. Mild anterior wedging of the C6 vertebral body is partially seen.
In this review, we have examined the effects of the growth of the wall of the chest and of the airways. We found that there is a considerable amount of growth around the chest, neck, and right shoulder. The lungs are otherwise clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No extravasated oral contrast is identified to suggest ongoing growth. No obvious fluid collections around the stomach junction. There is a 3 mm pulmonary nodule within the left upper lobe as seen on image 198, series 3. The left hepatic artery is replaced to the right. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels are noted. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Upper Abdomen: Focal fatty infiltration is noted adjacent to the falciform ligament.
There is no evidence of a cancer of the lungs. The heart size is normal. There is a small amount of fluid in the stomach. There are no aggressive lesions in the upper abdomen. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive lesion is identified. There were no axillary (liver nodes) or medullary lymphadenopathy.
In this review, the size of the right upper lobe of the heart has increased. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that the left lower lobe is affected. The heart size is stably enlarged. There are trace bilateral pleural effusions. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive oedema is observed. The right renal cyst is partially visualized, but is better described on recent CT abdomen pelvis. The overall quality of the evidence was very low.
There is no evidence that the heart is larger or that there is a difference in the size of the vessels. There is a suggestion that there may be some fluid in the upper chambers. There are no aggressive oesophageal cancerous lesions. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystoma. The heart size is normal status post valve repair.
The review found that there is no evidence that there are any major lung or airway problems. The heart size is normal. There is no aggressive lung cancer. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high. More research is needed.
In this review, the heart is normal size. There is a thin layer of fatty tissue surrounding the coronary arteries. There are dense arteries of the heart and vessels. The visible portion of the spleen is prominent but not pathogenic. The right kidney is normal. There were no lymph nodes. The left lower lobe of the left lower ear contains a granuloma. There was no additional focal hepatic lesions. The liver is not enlarged. The spleen and liver are not pathologically enlarged. There may be a cyst in the left adrenal gland, not definitely changed in size since 2002, which is reassuring. This lesion did not show increased uptake on PET/CT June 2012. The pancreatic artery is thin and there are surgical clips in the liver. No additional focal lymph nodes are present. The heart and lungs are normal. No pleural effusion or pleural atelectasis are reported. There has been no evidence of an increase in the number of deaths. There have been no reports of a change in the size of the head of the neck. The spine is straight and the shoulders are thin. There a numerous lytic lesions in the sternum, which demonstrates cortical irregularity and step-off suggesting old fractures. New soft tissue thickening measuring up to 7 cm by 3.7 cm AP by 8.2 cm CC surrounding the sternal bone up to 2018 with inflammatory fat stranding.
There is a stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe. A new small left pleural effusion is present. There is no aggressive lung cancer. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the abdomen, please see a separate MRI abdomen report. Mild subpleural reticulation is seen anteriorly in the left upper lobe. There are no signs of cancer in the lungs. Mild emphysema is present, but there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy.
In this review, the size of the lymph nodes, the lung and the airways are examined. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. No pleural effusion or lung wall thickening is observed. No signs of large airway disease including a wall of scarring. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine.
In the present review, we have examined the effects of the treatment on the lungs, heart and vessels. We found that there is no significant difference between the left upper and lower lobe (bronchial) of the lungs. There is a small left pleural swelling. There are no significant differences in the number of patients with bronchiectasis. The thyroid gland is also stable. The right lower lobe of the left lung is stable. There was a stable enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, measuring 3.2 cm., May be seen in the setting of pulmonary arterial pressure. There were no significant changes in the size of the right thyroid gland. Heart and vessels: There is an unchanged 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule, for instance in the right upper lobe on series 4, image 206. The heart is stable and there are severe coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. The left adrenal gland is not stable. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The rib fractures are healing.
This is an update of the review published in 2010. The review now includes two new studies. The original review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the left lower lobe of the thoracic aorta. There is a small cyst in the lower lobe with associated small airway findings. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there is no evidence of an increase in the number of abnormal blood vessels. There are no signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. The right lung is stable and the left lung is also stable. The left lung has a small hernia and the right lung does not have a hernia. No new adenopathy has been found in the thyroid gland. No changes in the bone structure of the lower limbs have been observed. The upper limb has a normal course and size of the aortic artery. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes have been seen throughout the thorcic spine.
There is no evidence that the heart is enlarged. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle is lower than usual. The heart size is greater in the left upper lobe. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high.
In this review, the size of the nodule in the left upper lobe of the lungs/airways/Pleura (the largest in the world) is unchanged. No new or enlarging lymph nodes are seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is observed. Normal heart and vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lytic bony lesions in the T3,, T4, and T6 vertebral bodies which have increased in size compared to study from July 2021. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the thyroid and thyroid gland are examined. There is an unchanged 9 mm hypodense nodule in the right thyroid gland. There are stable changes to the right upper and middle lobes. Stable sub-4 mm nodules are seen, for instance in the left apex on series 4, image 79, and there is a small hernia. Again seen are basilar predominant reticulations, and groundglass opacities. The right thyroid is normal in size. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in sizes. Normal course and caliber of the arteries are noted. A right chest wall is seen, and a Chemo-port terminates in the distal SVC. No aggressive bone lesions. Lower and upper abdomen: There is mild upper lobe disease, and scattered cysts. Again, there is no aggressive bone disease. The airways are patent.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels and of the lungs/airways/Pleura were examined. No new or enlarging lung or airway nodules are seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is observed. The thyroid gland is normal size. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Mild changes in the coronary arteries and the aorta are not seen. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal. Normal thyroid gland and lymph nodes are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Trace pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral partial vision of a blood clot in the left shoulder muscle in the right shoulder muscle. Routine age-related disease changes throughout the thoracic spine. The right back musculature in the lower shoulder muscle is a benign finding. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease lesions. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria.
This is a review of the evidence on the effects of the thoracic spine and the lungs. The review includes findings of large airway disease in the lungs and of the bronchus. There is a collection of debris in the right lower lobe and series 5 image 271. This finding is unchanged from the prior study but is new compared to prior studies. No new or enlarging bronchules are seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is observed. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. No thyroid disease is noted. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels are normal. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate coronary arteries and aorta are normal size and there is no evidence of atherosclerotic (cancer) calcifications. The abdominal organs are unremarkable.
In this review of the literature, the size of the lesions in the left lung and in the lungs and the lungs of the heart and vessels were examined. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.3 cm which is larger than the main arteries. There is also dilation of the lobe and segmental pulmonary artery. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bony lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Upper abdominal tract: No aggressive lesions. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Healing rib fractures.
In this review of the literature there is no evidence that there are any aggressive lung lesions. Mild lung scarring is noted. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural discharge. Further research is needed to confirm these findings and to assess the long-term effects of this treatment.
In this review, the size of the tumour in the largest and most stable lymphadenopathy is 1.6 cm in the right lower lobe. There is no pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
In this review of the literature there is a lack of evidence for the effects of the thyroid gland. There is a calcified mass in the left thyroid. The heart appears normal in size. There are scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. Normal course and caliber of the heart is seen. The lungs are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions are seen and there are no changes of the spine. The aorta is normal size. No pericardial effusion. The upper and lower abdomen are unblemished.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels is normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the left lower lobe which are likely related to airway disease. The right lower lobe is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and vessels. No pulmonary obstruction. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid gland is normal in the right thyroid. Moderate angina in the coronary artery is normal and no new bony lesions. The mixed lytic and sclerotic bony lesion involving the right fifth rib in series 5 image 220 for example is unchanged. Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen.
In the upper lobe of the right upper lobe, the right major fissure is at the base of the nose. The right minor fissures (the right major and the right inferior) of the trachea (lower lobe) are in the middle of the neck. The thyroid gland (thyroid) is not prominent. No signs of adenopathy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Small hiatus hernia Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper and lower abdominal structures and soft tissues: Unremarkable. No abnormalities in the spine (for example C7, T3 vertebral bodies).
In this review, the lungs, heart and vessels appear normal in size. There are no new or enlarging lymph nodes. No aggressive bone lesions. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The airways are patent. There were no changes of the lungs. There was no evidence that the lymph nodes had changed size. However, there are scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. No new lymph nodes were seen. The heart chambers appear normal. No pericardial effusion was identified. The abdomen did not appear to be affected. The findings of the review are based on a separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings.
In this review of the literature, we found that there is a lack of data for lung, heart and vessels. There is a small number of lung nodules in the left lower lung. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions are identified. The left thyroid gland is in the right upper lung. There are no lymph nodes in the chest. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery calcification are seen. No pericardial effusion is observed. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. The right chest port with the distal tip terminating in the mid to distal SVC is seen.
In this review, we found that there is a small but stable hernia in the right upper lobe of the lungs. There is a stable lesion at the level of T10 that expands the vein and measures 2.1 cm in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. The central airways are patent. There are stable sclerotic lesions in T1 and T10 vertebral bodies. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size and there is no evidence of a pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There is an impaction in the left upper lobe. Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings.
In this review, the esophagus is distended and the left upper lobe of the lung is stable. There is no evidence to suggest that the cancer is spreading in this area.
In this review, the heart and vessels are examined. The heart is normal in size. There is no obstruction of the pulmonary artery. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. Many of them likely represent mucus impaction. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland and lymph nodes are normal. The left thyroid gland has a single large thyroid gland with a nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size, but this is not thought to be an obstruction. The aorta is normal. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy with dilatation of the common bile duct, also seen in 2013, was noted. Right renal cyst. Bilateral shoulder arthroplasties.
In this review, we looked at the size of the lungs/airways/Pleura and found that they are small and of low volume. In the right middle and bilateral lower lobes, there are pockets of air in the chest wall that may represent a necrotic lung or cavitary lung or both. There are several cavitary pulmonary nodules in the upper lobes. Small bilateral pneumothoraces with chest tubes in place. Chest tube tips are in the apical pleural space. ET tube tip in the mid thoracic trachea. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine. Significant amount of subcutaneous emphysema (subcutaneous obstruction of the airway) in chest wall.
In this review, the heart and lungs/airways/pulmonary artery were studied. There is a new, smaller, pulmonary nodule in the right middle lobe of the left breast. The heart appears normal in size. No pleural effusions. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The right upper and middle lobes of the right breast have a new thyroid nodule, which is a remnant of the thyroid gland. The thyroid is unremarkable. There was no pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There is an os acromiale on the right. Patient is status post bilateral breast implants status post mastectomy, tiny foci of air in the left Breast previously seen on November 7, 2020. No aggressive bone disease.
In this review, the findings of coronary artery angiography were compared with the findings from a chest X-ray. No evidence of lung cancer or lymphadenopathy is found. A small hernia is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. No abnormal blood flow is seen in the lower lobes. No pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or lung edema are found. There may be atelectasis. No coronary artery disease has been found. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. Minimal coronary aortic atherosclerotic calcifications were seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
There is a lack of evidence to support the use of the angioplasty. There is a suggestion that the angiography may be of benefit. There are a number of lesions in the right upper lobe. The heart size is enlarged. No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. There was no pericardial effusion. There were no axillary adenopathies seen. Upper abdomen: the liver again demonstrates nodular contour and an enlarged lobe. Bones and soft tissue: there are scattered lesions. These lesions are compatible with metastases.
In this review of the literature we found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung or lung wall nodules. No lung swelling. No pleural effusion. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal size. No major arteries and aorta are calcified. No large arteries and vessels are blocked. Central airways are clear. Upper Abdomen: No abnormal changes in the bone structure of the thoracic spine. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-induced changes throughout the spine. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aortas. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the heart are examined. The heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of obstruction. There are moderate calcifications of the arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. The kidney mass is partially imaged and there is no aggressive bone damage.
In this review of the literature, we found that there is a lot of evidence for lung and airways disease. There is no new or enlarging of lymph nodes. There are some coronary artery calcifications. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pleural effusions are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are identified. There was no evidence of bone lesions in the soft tissues of the lower abdomen. There may be a stable hemangioma in the vertebral body of T8.
In this review, the size of some of the lesions in the lungs/airways/pulmonary artery and lymph nodes was compared. Lungs: There is increased prominence of a left lower lobe of the pulmonary artery, which is the largest. There are multiple other lower lobe lymph nodes measuring up to 0.8 cm, for instance in the right lower lobe, which are the largest in the upper lobe. There is some lingular atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the arteries: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Heart and vessels: The aorta is normal. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the lungs. No new or worsening of the disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta and the pulmonary artery is normal. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the organs are unremarkable. No changes in bone mineral density. No cancer of the lymph nodes. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal breast adenopathy by CT size criteria.
In this review, the findings of the review are summarized. There are multiple new metastatic lesions in the lungs, a few of which are large and can be seen in the pulmonary artery. There is a stable subcentimeter hypodensities in the left thyroid gland. Heart and vessels: A right chest port distal tip (distal SVC) terminates in the distal sVC. The left atrium is enlarged. No pericardial or pulmonary artery effusion. There were no pleural or thoracic lymph nodes. The airways are patent. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated CT abdomen pelvis findings. There was a likely hemangioma in the T3 vertebral body. The density that is posterior to the T8 vertebral bodies that extends into the spinal canal measuring 0.7 cm and causing mild stenosis (stenosis) of the central canal, could reflect degenerative changes versus possible meningioma.
In this review of the literature there is no new or enlarging of any of the nodules. No new or growing nodules or lymph nodes are seen. The right middle lobe of the chest wall is covered in a patch of stable scarring. This is a normal scarring pattern. The left middle lobe appears to be covered in scarring as well. There is no evidence of any new growth. The chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: No new growth or enlargement. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent stable. There are no new and enlarging nodules in the right lung. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized there is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive tissue lesions. Status post bilateral mastectomy with implant reconstruction.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lymph nodes or lungs. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the right atrium. Upper abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Biopsy clip in the breast. Right axillary biopsy clip.
In this review, we look at the effects of the operation on the heart and lungs. There is a small, but moderate, amount of fluid in the lower lobe of the lung. There are moderate pleural effusions, greater on left. There was a 7 cm fluid collection extending from the inferior pericardium. There were no signs of a pulmonary embolism. No major problems with the lungs or airways were seen. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size.
In this review of the literature search, we found that there is a small but stable 1.5 cm ground glass nodule in the superior segment of the left lobe of the right lower lobe. There is no associated soft tissue component on the window. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No pleural or pericardial effusion. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesion, may represent a normal preserved tissue.
In this review, the heart and vessels appear normal in size. The left upper lobe of the left shoulder has a 3.2 x 1.5 cm consolidation present since at least October 2021 MRI of the shoulder but new since May 2021. There are surrounding tree-in-bud (bud) opacities throughout the lungs consistent with airways disease. Small left pleural effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The right upper lobe has a 5 mm left lower lobe nodule (5:335). No pericardial effusion in the left lung. The heart chambers appear normal. Aorta and aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T12 vertebral body fracture in both breasts.
In this review, lungs/airways and lymph nodes were studied. The lungs appear normal in size. No pleural effusion was seen. There is no aggressive bone lesions. Heart and vessels: the cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the the aorta. Upper Abdomen: refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No aggressive bones lesions were seen. No thoracic adenopathy was observed. The airways are patent.
In this review, the size of the thyroid (thyroid) in the chest and lungs/airways/Pleura (womb) of the neck/pulmonary artery (pulvus) was compared with the size and shape of the aorta (a blood vessel in the heart). The review found that left upper lobe (right lower lobe) is still healing. Mild decrease in right lower lobe (left upper lobe 3:299) is consistent with healing. The right upper lobe 1 cm nodule has resolved. The left lower lobe is still scarring. There is no evidence that the left upper and right lower lobes have been affected in any way. The thyroid is normal in size. No thyroid adenopathy has been noted. No pleurisy has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No significant abnormalities. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions, but there is an old left anterior fourth rib fracture.
In this review, the heart and vessels appear normal in size. No new enlarging or pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusions were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The right lower lobe of the left lung scarring is stable and the left lower lobe calcified. Lateral right middle lobe mucous plugging is still present. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery and aortic calcifications are noted.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the left lung (right upper lobe) and in the right lung were measured. No new nodules were found. There is no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion. The thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Prior to surgery, no aggressive bone disease was noted in the upper abdomen. No pericardial effusion, and no aggressive disease. Pneumobilia may be related to prior surgery, stable. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone diseases were noted.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels, the lung, and the abdomen were studied. The main findings of the review are that: Lungs: There is a stable 6 mm pulmonary nodule in the left apex, but there is no evidence for atelectasis. There are no pleural (pulmonary) or pericardial (airway) effusions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of aorta are seen. Normal progression of disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebral body, is seen. The abdomen appears to be stable. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions were observed. The lymph nodes: There are stable lymph nodes at the mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes. The coronary artery calcification is seen, but no evidence of coronary artery blockage was seen. Upper Abdomen: Please note that this finding is based on a separate report on CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There was a slight increase in metastatic disease of bones in the upper abdomen.
In this review of the literature, we found no new or enlarging nodules. No new or worsening of the aortic valve or lung. Mild improvement in the size and shape of the eyes since May 2021. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the artery. Mild coronary artery and valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Older rib fractures are old healed. No aggressive cancer. Atrophic thyroid. No cancer of the thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Portions of the esophagus are patulous.
In the upper lobe of the neck, there is a slight enlargement. There is a trace left pleural effusion. There are mucous secretions within the proximal lung. No aggressive bone lesions. The blood pool in the upper abdomen is low and the anemia is compatible with anemia. A right subclavian catheter terminates in the right axilla. An enteric tube terminates within the stomach.
There is no evidence that the heart is enlarged. There is no aggressive angina. The heart size is normal. There are scattered pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm, and there is no pleural effusion. The central airways are patent. There was no axillary or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. The upper abdomen had stents in the celiac artery, but this was only partially visualized. Bones and soft tissue were not affected. There were no reports of angina, but there were no aggressive lesions.
There is no new pulmonary nodule. The heart size is normal. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. Multiple left thyroid nodules are unchanged, measuring up to a 1.8 cm. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive lesions of the bones are identified. There are no axillary or hilar lymphadenopathy. The number of patients in the trial is small and the quality of the evidence is moderate.
In this review, the thyroid gland is stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No significant coronary artery calcifications. The heart is normal in size. The thyroid gland has no aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, we looked at the effects of the disease in the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were found. Mildly diffuse esophageal wall thickness (e.g. scarring) is noted, but no aggressive bone lesions have been found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesion. No lung wall thickness. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
In this review, the findings of lung disease with aortic and pleural disease with the presence of peribronchovascular groundglass opacities, architectural distortion and subpleural cystic change were examined. The results show that the appearance of the lungs is stable since May 2021. No new or enlarging of the nodules have been seen since then. The appearance of lungs is normal in size. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickness, which can be seen in the setting of GERD, is seen. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Main pulmonary artery dilated (main pulmonary hypertension) can be observed. Mildly raised pericardial fluid. Lower abdomen and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. No bone lesions have been found. Hemangioma in T9 vertebral body.
In the neck, there is no evidence of neck cancer. There are no suspicious nodules or masses. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion. There is no obstruction of the left lung. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The left upper anterior chest wall may be a sequela of venous obstruction. The visualized thyroid is unblemished. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart is normal in size. The arteries of the coronary arteries are normal. The right jugular vein is patent although evaluation of the internal jugular veins is limited. There were no abnormal blood vessels.
This is an update of the original review, published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews. The original review was published in 2012. The new reviews were updated in 2017. The main findings of this review are that the patient is still in the ventilator and has low lung volumes. There is worsening bibasilar atelectasis/consolidation and diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, new from prior and is likely inflammatory in nature. Again noted mild diffuse bronchiectasis. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No pericardial effusion was noted. The pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.8 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The patient is status post median sternotomy and LVAD placement. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria. Heart and Vessels: Persistent left atrial predominant cardiomegaly. Scattered calcified granulomas. Secretions noted within the trachea.
In this review, we examined the effects of the thyroid and lymph nodes in the heart and vessels. We found no aggressive bone lesions. The right thyroid nodule is stable, and the left and left lungs appear normal in size. The heart chambers appear normal. No pleural effusion or consolidation of the lungs or the airways are seen. The left and right lungs are patent. Mild coronary calcifications are seen in the left upper lobe and right lower lobe. New nodular soft tissue densities in the thyroid bed, likely a result of thymic hyperplasia, are noted in the right thyroid nodes. No aggressive bones lesions are noted. Heart and Vessels: A left-side chest port is in the superior cavoatrial junction. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild cardiac calcifications. The abdomen is normal.
In this review, the heart appears normal in size. There is a right chest wall Chemo-Port, terminating in the cavoatrial joint. There are mild coronary calcifications. The left upper and middle lobe of the left lung have radiation changes to the left lungs, with a loss of volume in the lower lobe. The ascending aorta is ectatic, with 3.7 cm of volume loss. No pericardial effusion. The right lower lobe has an increased risk of emphysema. There was an improvement in previously seen right lower lung groundglass (pneumothorax). There are multiple left axillary metallic staples. There were no aggressive bone lesions.
In this review of studies from November 2018, the size of the lung and airways/Pleura were stable. No new or enlarging of the pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction. The heart and vessels were normal size. No changes in the size and shape of the coronary arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. The abdominal organs and soft tissues were unremarkable.
In this review, the size of the lymph nodes, heart and vessels of the right breast were compared to the left breast. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Central airways are clear. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. The right breast is normal size. No changes of the breast tissue are seen in the breast and no new consolidations. The left breast is similar in distribution to the breast in the prior study. No lymph nodes were found to be affected. No thoracic adenopathies were seen. The heart and vessel size were normal. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery was normal. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the size of the lung and the airways are examined. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural fluid collections in the lung bases which is likely related to the removal of the airway. No airways were clear. Normal course and caliber of the arteries and vessels of the heart and vessels are normal. No pericardial or pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe coronary arteries calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta are rare. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age- related changes throughout the spine are observed.
In this review, the thyroid gland is examined and the lung and airways, the heart, the lungs, the aorta, the vessels, and soft tissues. The thyroid gland and the airways are normal in size. The lung wall is thickening. The lymph nodes, the largest in the right axilla measuring 1.8 cm in the middle lobe, may represent a lymph node. The included portion of thyroid gland (the thyroid) is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 vertebral bodies. Mild calcified lymph nodes. No pleural effusions. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. Mild dilatation of descending aortas to 3.7 cm. Mild swelling in the upper abdomen. No pericardial effusion. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening (bronchial blockage). Mild aortic calcifications (valvular leaflets).
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the lung. No new or worsening of the disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid is normal size. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery. Upper abdominal organs: No changes in appearance. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence that the thoracic spine is getting worse. There are no major problems with the lungs or the chest. The heart and vessels are normal size. No major complications have been reported. The thyroid gland is normal size and healthy. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. However, there are a number of abnormalities in the thyroid gland and lymph nodes. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (mcpin.org/).
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lymph nodes. No new or worsening of pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or lung wall swelling. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal size. No aggressive bone lesions. No major adverse events. The review found routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
In the present review, we found that the right lung and the airways are stable and the middle lobe of the left lung is thickening. No left pleural effusions. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions. The right upper lobe is new from prior. The previous 7.5 mm right lower lobe (5/340) is decreased to 4 mm on current study. The thyroid gland has no new abnormal growth. Heart and vessels: Mild left atrial predominant heart and vessel thickening and calcified plaques along the aorta including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive disease. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild ectasia of the descending aortus at 3.8 cm.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the chest were examined. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. There is no pulmonary edema. There are severe calcifications of the coronary arteries. No suspicious nodules or masses. No lymph nodes are abnormal. The thyroid is unremarkable. There were no aggressive bone lesions. Healed rib fractures.
In this review, the size of the fibrosis and the heart and vessels were compared. There is a small fibrosis of the lungs. The heart appears normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. The lymph nodes are normal. There was no evidence of adenopathy. The right hepatic cyst is again seen.
This review of the literature found that lungs/pleural space are unchanged in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found in the prior study. No lung swelling is reported. The right lower lobectomy is routine. No aggressive bone lesions are reported. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery is normal size. Severe coronary arteries and aorta are calcified. No pneumothorax has been found. The thyroid gland is normal. No cancer of the thyroid gland. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the lung.
In this review, we examined the effects of small airways disease. There is no evidence that the lungs are blocked or that there is a problem with the heart and vessels. There are no signs of pneumonia. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. No cavitation. Central airways are patent. No effusion or pneumothorax. Scattered tree in bud nodular opacities in the right lower lobe suggest infectious versus inflammatory small airway disease. No lymph nodes have been found. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, we examined the effects of the disease in both lungs. Lungs: There is severe lung disease throughout both lungs and there is a lot of blood in the lungs, which can be seen in the mainstem bronchi. There is a large amount of fluid in the upper and lower bronchi, which is likely to be caused by the presence of small blood vessels. There are also small pockets of blood within the bronchi (e.g. the main and lower lobe). There are no signs of pulmonary edema. The upper lung is slightly narrowed. The lower lung is also narrow, which could be the result of a narrowing in the airways. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which means that the arteries are narrowing. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aorta is extensively atherosclerotic. No signs of adenopathy are seen. Upper Abdomen: Small hiatal hernia. No evidence of lung disease is seen. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No definite aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
In this review, the heart and vessels were examined to see if there were any signs of heart or blood vessel disease. The review found no evidence of heart and vessel disease in the lungs, but the right upper lobe (pulmonary tree) had a granuloma in the right arm. The left upper lobe had a benign lymphoma. There were no signs of pleural effusion or pleural swelling. There was a mild enlargement of the heart. No evidence that the aortic artery was enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mild bilateral gynecomastia was found.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the lungs/airways/Pleura and in the lymph nodes/thorhydrocytes is compared. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary or airway nodules. There is no change in the thyroid gland. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No new or worsening pulmonary nodules are noted. No aggressive bone lesions are noted, but there are mild aortic and coronary arteries calcifications. There was no pericardial effusion. There were no changes in the heart and vessels. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
In this review, the size of lung and airways and of heart and vessels were compared. Lungs and airway: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Chronic fibrotic interstitial lung disease marked by subpleural (bronchus), traction bronchiectasis, honeycombing, and aortic (aortic) valve calcifications. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: In some cases, the number of nodes increased. This can be seen as a feature of ILD. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pulmonary nodules are noted. Aortic and pulmonary artery calcifications: Severe coronary artery calcions. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis.
In this review, the aortic valve repair is compared to the repair of the heart and lungs. The patient is admitted to the hospital with a chest infection. No signs of pneumonia were found. No evidence of a narrowing of the lungs or of the airways. Mild ground glass is seen in the left lung, probably related to recent surgery. A known Type A aorta dissection extending from the root to the abdominal artery is demonstrated. A flap is seen around the common arteries. No major adverse events have been found. Heart and Vessels: Timing of contrast is not adequate. Streak of contrast in the arteries, veins and soft tissues also obscures some of the vasculature. No blood clots are seen. No pericardial (heart beating in the upper chambers of the chest) fluid leaks from the right ventricle. The left chest wall pacemaker pulse leads terminate over the right atrium and the right lung. Surgical clips in the right axilla.
This review of the available evidence shows that lung and airways/Pleura: Lungs: Lung: Large left pleural (lungs) at the base of the lung. Small right pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: No aggressive bone lesions. Blood pool: Blood flow is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bones lesions. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
In this review, lung and airways and heart and vessels were examined. Lungs: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious lung nodules. No new and enlarging of the lung. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery and calcifications. The lymph nodes: No aggressive bone lesions. No thyroid disease. Upper and lower abdomen: No changes in the appearance of the upper and lower lobes. The thyroid is unremarkable.
In this review, the size of large airways disease including mild bronchial wall (4:313) and 2 mm (3:263) nodules were examined. Mild scarring in the right middle lobe and at the lung bases was noted. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening with fluid and debris noted in the proximal portions of the esophagus which can be seen in the setting of gastroenteritis. Mild of the right hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax was observed. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: High density material in the gallbladder, probably vicarious excretion of contrast from recent intravenous administration. Please see separate dictation of the CT abdomen/pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Thyroid is unremarkable. No thoracic adenopathy.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the chest were examined. The heart is normal in size. There is no obstruction of the arteries. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. If patient is at increased risk for lung cancer, CT in 12 months may be considered.
In this review, the size of the pulmonary nodule in the left upper lobe of the spine has increased from 4 mm on the study from July 2021 and is new going back to the study. No pleural effusion or air in the lungs is seen. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper abdomen: No abnormal changes in bone structure and soft tissues.
In the prior study, the right middle lobe nodule (8mm left basilar nodule) was not shown to have changed in size. This is difficult to measure due to the presence of other nodules in the lung. No new or enlarging of the pulmonary nodules are seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are observed. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The upper and lower airways are clear. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Upper abdominal organs: No abnormal bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
In this review, the size of the lung and the heart and vessels appear normal in size. There are a few scattered bone lesions in the left lower lobe which appear to have not changed in size, but an index nodule in the right upper lobe has. There is no change in the number of lymph nodes in the lower lobe. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The left upper lobe of the chest appears to be normal. The right lower lobe has a masslike consolidation of tissue within the upper lobe with associated bronchiectasis. The heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be large. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The chest port terminates in the cavoatrial junction. Upper abdominal muscle: No abnormal bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Lower abdomen: Hepatic steatosis.
In this review of the literature we found no new or enlarging lung or heart or blood vessels. The thyroid gland is nodular. Mild coronary calcifications are noted. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear to be normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent.
In this review, the heart and lungs/airways/pulmonary nodes were studied. The heart appears normal in size. There is a common origin of the left common artery and left common blood vessels. There are no abnormalities in the lungs. No pleural effusion is seen. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Heart and vessels: the heart appears to have a normal size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: status post surgery. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
In this review of studies from September 2017, the size of the lungs/Pleura/Bronchial Wall and the lymph nodes/Lymph nodes/Thoracic aorta/Lungs/Pulmonary Aorta were measured. The findings of the review showed that the bronchial wall and the lower lobes (liver) in the lower lobe of the thoracic spine were normal size. The pulmonary artery is normal size, and the aortas (aortas) were clear. No lung or airway disease was found. The thyroid gland is normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the liver. The heart and vessels: Normal size. Mild calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorts. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery. Upper Abdomen: Atrophic native kidneys. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine bone changes throughout the spine. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, we examined the effects of the chest tube and the lungs/airways/pleura. The chest tube is inserted through the chest wall of the stomach. There is a small persistent known leak with air tracking from the esophagus to the mediastinum (5:357). Two left chest tubes terminate at the apex. No significant amount of air to suggest necrotizing infection is noted in the right lung. The left lung and the abdomen/pelvis are normal in size. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal. Normal course and caliber of the artery, aortic and valve calcifications. Please see separate statements of the abdomen and pelvis. Upper Abdomen: The left chest tube terminates at the base. Two left lung tubes terminate in the upper portion of the abdominal wall. No major problems were noted. The right lung is in a good position. No pericardial effusion.
In this review of studies from July 2016, we found no new or enlarging of the lung and airways. No new or worsening of the disease in the right middle lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The left middle lobe is normal size. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. The aortic artery is normal. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine changes in the spine throughout the thoracic spine. Bilateral breast implants in place. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No changes to the thyroid gland and lymph nodes. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Central airways are clear. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Healed median sternotomy.
In this review, the heart is normal in size. There is no obstruction of the lungs. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. There are severe calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. There was no hilar or mediastinal lymph nodes. The left upper lobe of the left chest wall is enlarged from prior PET when it measured 11 x 8 mm. Mild nodularity along the left fissure is noted, decreased compared to 2/5/2021. No lung problems were noted. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
In this review of studies from September 2016, the size of the lungs and airways/Pleura, the lymph nodes/lymph nodes, the heart/vessels, the aorta, and the soft tissue surrounding the heart and vessels were normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules (pulmonary or pleural) were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax (pneumothorchia). Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal. Normal thyroid gland size. Mild coronary arteries and aortas are normal size. No aggressive bone lesions. The other organs and soft tissues are normal. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine are observed.
In this review, the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The right thyroid is normal in size. No evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid. The left thyroid is also normal. There is a common origin of the right and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately a report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. No changes of the spine. Heart and vessels: The right is normal. Left lateral chest wall lipoma. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, we examined the effects of the surgery on the heart and vessels. We found that the aortic valve in the main pulmonary artery in the lung is large and the pulmonary artery at the base of the lungs is small. The pulmonary artery is of moderate to severe size. The right atrium and left atrium of the heart are small. There is a small amount of swelling in the thyroid. No pericardial effusion. The thyroid is unremarkable. No evidence of thyroid adenopathy. The left brachiocephalic vein drains in place. No significant calcification in the pulmonary arteries. The upper abdominal ascites are small, but there is a large amount of upper abdominal secretions. Small amount of expected postoperative subcutaneous emphysema.
In this review, the primary lesion in the right upper lobe of the lung was not changed. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is no evidence of a difference in the size of the heart and vessels. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There was no evidence to support the use of radiation treatment.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels was compared to CT chest in 2017. The heart appears normal in size. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. There is a large left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis, which is a swelling of the lungs. Thickening of the pleura is also observed. Normal course and caliber of the aorta are seen. The central airways are patent. There are multiple abdominal varices. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Status post Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.
This is an update of the review published in 2008. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion. There is no pericardial or arterial swelling. The heart is normal in size. There are moderate coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There was no evidence of lymph nodes. The left vertebral artery is an independent origin of the left brain artery from the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels and of the lungs/airways/pleura were compared. The review of trials found no evidence that the heart or lungs had changed in size or shape. However, the pulmonary artery and the right upper lobe of the aorta appeared to have a smaller aortic valve. The thyroid gland was normal size. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There was no clear evidence of an increase in the risk of lung disease. The heart and vessel size were normal. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The right upper lung had a smaller pulmonary nodule (3 mm in the upper lobe). The left upper lobe had a 3 mm right upper limb nodule in series 4 image 106. No evidence of lymph nodes or thyroid gland enlargement. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aortas. Pulmonary artery is normal size and the left kidney is normal. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone disease. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine. Healed rib fractures.
In this review, the size of the right lung and the upper airways are examined. The heart is normal in size. The main pulmonary arteries enlarged measuring 3.7 cm, suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. There is a moderate large right lung obstruction with a mixture of the upper, lower, and middle airways. The central airways have patent. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The left pleural effusion is likely to be of moderate severity. The upper lungs are patent. No pericardial (heart and vessels) effusion. The right chest tubes are in place. The lower airways and the abdomen are patent, and there is a small to moderate left lung obstruction in the upper lungs. The middle airway and the stomach tube are patent and the lower airway is patent. The pulmonary arteries are normal. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesion.
In this review of the literature, lung, heart and vessels were compared. The results of the review show that the lungs/airways/pleura/thorhacinum are all normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in shape. No endobronchial or lymph node lesions are seen. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. No changes in the left breast and left axilla. The visualized thyroid is similar to prior. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper abdominal wall scarring.
In this review, the heart appears normal in size. There is a new cluster of open fractures in the left lower lobe and dependent left upper lobe (4/239). There are mild heart problems. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The upper abdomen is enlarged. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. There were no abnormal lymph nodes. The spleen is enlarged and there is no evidence that the spleen enlarges. Multiple left-sided ribs remote healed fractures Partially visualized cervical metallic hardware is present.
In this review, the size and shape of the heart and vessels were compared. The heart and vessel chambers appear normal in size. There is no evidence for a difference in the size of the lungs and airways. There are scattered calcified granulomas. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusions. There were no coronary calcifications. In the upper abdomen/pelvis, there is a mild paraseptal and centrilobular (e.g. a blood clot) emphysema. The airways are patent. No pericardial (wound) or lung effusion. The right lower lobe (right upper lobe) is unchanged in size going back to the study from April 2020, with a 3 mm solid component. Additional sub-4 mm nodules are stable compared to 4/28/2020, for example in the right upper lobe (series 5, image 160.5).
In this review, the heart and vessels of the chest and the lungs are examined. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild coronary arteries calcifications. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. No lymph nodes. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Heart and Vessels: Central line tip terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction.
In this review of the literature search, we found that there is a small increase in the number of lung and airway (bronchus) fluid leaks. This is due to the fact that the lungs have been clamped with drain, drain in the spinal canal, and drain through the mediastinal drain. A new small pleural drain has developed on the right side, turning the initial lung effusion into a hydropneumothorax. New left upper lobe (the peribronchial periplasm) has been seen, which is likely related to the spinal surgery. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers are normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The right IJ central vein and right PICC line are terminating in the SVC. The left lower lobe has a new, prominent lymph node, likely active lymph nodes, and the lymph nodes appear to be reactive. No major complications were noted. The previous secretions in the right mainstem bronchus has cleared. The spinal fixation device, a cervical spine fixation device (Cervicothoracic spinal fixation) is still in place.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. There is some evidence of worsening in the lungs and airways, and there is also a change in the spread of mucus (bronchial effusion) and swelling of the bronchus. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The blood pool appears to be normal. The heart appears normal. Moderate coronary calcifications are seen.
In this review, the effects of the treatment on the lungs, heart and vessels of the chest and the pelvis are compared. The findings of the review indicate that there is a trend towards an airways process. There is a stable subpleural nodule in the left upper lobe. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No new pulmonary nodule is noted. There are no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There were no new osseous metastases. There was a stable or slightly decreased fluid collection in the right mastectomy bed measuring 3.7 x 1.0 cm.
In this study, the thyroid gland is shown to be normal in size. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The included portion of thyroid gland appears unremarkable. The lungs/airways/Pleura: No pleural or lung swelling is seen. There is a small amount of mucous in the right mainstem (bronchus) and there are scattered blebs. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. No pericardial effusion. Bone and soft tissues: No aggressive bone disease is seen, and there is no thoracic adenopathy by size criteria.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. There is a small right middle lobe nodule in the left breast. There are stable hepatic cysts, measuring up to 2.8 cm in the liver. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. The right breast appears normal. The heart appears to be in a normal course and caliber of the aorta. There was no pericardial effusion.
In this review, the findings of the prior study suggest that there is some evidence of large airway disease. This appears to have progressed since the prior studies. The central and upper airways are patent. There is relative sparing of the upper lobes and the lower regions of the lungs. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion.
In this review, the size of the arteries and vessels of the heart and the lungs/airways/pleura were compared. The review found no new or enlarging of the pulmonary nodules. No new or enlarged lung nodules were seen. No pleural effusion or lung collapse were observed. No changes in bone density were observed in the thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels were normal size. Mild calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were noted. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No abnormal bone growth was observed.
In this review, the heart and vessels were examined. The heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of any abnormalities. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The lung and airways are normal. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema are noted. No lung or airway obstruction. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate report for CT of the abdomen and the pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Innumerable sclerotic metastases are observed. Please correlate with bone scan performed on the same day. The fracture of the sternum healed.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. There is no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The pulmonary artery is normal in caliber. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is aneurysmal, measuring up to 4.4 cm. The visualized thyroid is unbroken. The left lung is stable and the right lung base is not definitively seen on prior exam, which may have been a result of the way the lungs were positioned at that time. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were seen. There was no thoracic lymph node adenopathy. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The upper abdomen and pelvis were performed on the same day.
In this review, the size of the trachea and the lungs/airways/Pleura is compared with the size and shape of lymph nodes. No new or enlarging nodules are seen. No pleural effusion or pleural obstruction is noted. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: bilateral renal cysts. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia.
In this review, we examined the findings of a study from May 2017. The findings of the study suggest that the lower lobe of the lung is affected by a range of fibrotic lung disease. There is increasing honeycombing. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged. The ascending aorta measures 3.7 cm. No coronary artery calcifications. The heart and vessels are again mildly enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion. A small amount of fluid is seen tracking along the fissures. Multiple lymph nodes are likely reactive. The visualized thyroid gland is unblemished.
In this review, the thyroid nodule has increased in size and density. There is no solid component on the thyroid windows. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion or lung swelling. No pericardial effusion. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The left upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:133) now measures 1.5 cm and the right lower lobe 4:339. Both breasts are stable (for example right lower and left upper), with scarring in the left lower lobe and in the lingula. The right atrium and right ventricle leads terminate in the right chest wall.
In this review, we found no new or enlarging nodules or lymph nodes. No new or worsening of the disease. Scarring in the medial segment of the right lower lobe. No pleural effusion. Mild elevation of the left lung. Heart and vessels: Left atrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion and no pulmonary embolism. No more or less swelling of lymph nodes (3:229 and 258). No aggressive bone lesions. Hepatic hypodensities too small to characterize. Punctate of left kidney: No new and worsening of disease. Older healed right fifth rib fracture. Small hiatus hernia. Upper abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcifications.
In this review, the size of the mass in the lower lobe of the heart is compared to the mass which abuts the esophagus. There is a persistent 4.9 x 3.0 x 6.4 cm (AP by TV by CC) right medial lower lobe mass, which is likely unchanged in size given differences in technique compared to study from August 2021. There was a small coarse calcification within the mass. The heart appears normal in size. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. The central airways are patent. There are no definite cancerous lesions or lymphadenopathy, although evaluation is limited by lack of intravenous contrast.
In this review of the literature, we found that the left lower lobe of the trachea (5:440) has a solid (6 mm) nodule. The right middle lobe (5.68 mm) has an irregular (2 mm) subpleural nodule and the left upper lobe (3.410 mm) a solid nodule, but no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities have been found. No new or expanding nodules have been identified. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction are noted (for example right lower lobe 5:289 and left lower limb 5:74). No pleural effusion has been noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Biapical scarring with associated calcification.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the right middle lobe (4: 3:15) and left lower lobe ( 4: 459) of the trachea (3:15). No new or enlarging or suspicious densities. Large amount of mucous in the left middle lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The right lower lobe has dense calcifications in the heart and lungs, but no aggressive bone disease. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery disease including dense calcions in the LAD. Upper Abdomen: None. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive disease. Small hiatus hernia. Subcarinal node measures 1.2 cm, stable since 2019. Subpleural (subcarinal lymph nodes) are also noted in the lower lobe and lingula (see 4:449,481) and 4:441). Thickening and increased reticulations in the upper lobe. Thin-walled cyst in the middle of the right lower lung. Scattered clusters of micronodular densities, probably related to small airways disease. No pericardial effusion.
This is an update of the original review, published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews. The original review was published in 2012. The new reviews are up to date as of February 2015.
In this review, the size of the right lower lobe nodule (5:274) was compared with 5:247 on April 2021 health exam. This is an enlargement and is now 5 mm larger than the 5:317 seen on the April 2021 exam. In the right breast (4:144), calcifications in the breast wall (2:144) and the right lung (7:317) were stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery, aortic and valve calcifications. Dense mitral annular calcification. Lower lobes were stable with no evidence for bronchiectasis (bronchial wall thickness) or for pleural (pulmonary) effusion. Small hiatus hernia. Paraesophageal varices were reported separately. Mild diffuse bronchial (tracheobronchia) tree is patent.
In this review, the thyroid tissue in the neck of the lungs and the lymph nodes of the lower and middle lobe of the aorta is examined. The thyroid is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
In this review, the size of heart and vessels in the chest and the lungs/airways/pleura were compared with the size and shape (or appearance) of other parts of the body. We found that: Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging nodes. No pericardial effusion. The right upper lobe (right upper lobe) of the chest wall is thickening. More inferior left upper lobe nodule, stable (3:162). No new nodes. The upper abdomen: Unremarkable. The left hilar node measures 5 mm (5:212). No additional nodes. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable soft tissue nodule in the anterior chest wall. Stable T8 compression deformity. No new node. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right and left hilar nodes appear to be the same size.
In this review, the size of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is a trace right pleural effusion. The heart appears normal in size. The main pulmonary artery measures 3.4 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. There are moderate coronary calcifications. The right upper lobe of the right lung has consolidation in the right lower lobe with air bronchograms in addition to multifocal peribronchial nodules. Scattered (2 to 3 mm) nodules are seen, for example, in the upper lobe. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm across. There was a small hernia in the hernia. There were no pericardial effusion and there is no evidence of aortic valvular calcification. The airways are patent.
This review of the literature found that the right breast mass now measures up to 2.5 x 2.0 cm. The right upper lobe and right middle lobe from right breast radiotherapy may have resolved. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The left lower lobe from the April examination is not definitively seen and may have been resolved. Further interval decrease in left lymph nodes which remain below the thyroid gland. No evidence of adenopathy of the lungs. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery and valve calcifications. Direct origin of the left vertebral artery from the aortic arch. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
In this review, the size of the arteries and vessels of the heart and the lungs/airways/pulmonary aorta were compared with the size and shape of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland was normal size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery is normal. Moderate coronary arteries and aortas are normal. No arterial calcifications. Upper abdominal wall of the abdomen: No abnormal changes in the bone structure. No changes in bone density. No abnormal growths of the lymph nodes. No signs of airway disease.
This review of the evidence found no evidence that the thyroid gland is damaged or that there is a problem with the lungs. There is mild scarring in the lower lobe. There was no evidence of a problem in the upper lobe. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
In this review, the size of the thyroid nodules and the number and depth (length) of the aortic aorta (a major artery) were compared. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. No lung or airways disease was found. The thyroid is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper and lower abdominal pain were reported separately.
In this review, the size of the thyroid is enlarged, but no new or enlarging nodules are found. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No new or worsening of cancer in the lungs or the airways are seen. No pleural effusion or lung swelling are seen, and the airway is clear. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary nodes have been identified. The right chest wall port tip terminates in the SVC. No cancer spread to the abdomen. Findings below the diaphragm are found separately.
In this review, the size of the arteries and vessels of the heart and the lungs and the aorta of the lungs/airways/pulmonary artery/pneumothorax were compared. The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new pleural or pericardial drainage. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aortas. No changes in lymph nodes. Upper abdominal organs and soft tissues: No changes were seen in the appearance of the abdominal organs. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine were observed.
In the prior study, the largest nodule in the left lower lobe of the right lung was reduced in size. In the new study, there is no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. The largest of the aorta measures up to 4.2 cm in the axial plane which is unchanged compared to prior studies given differences in the technique. There are paired portion of the coronary artery and the anaphylactic (aortic valve replacement) repair. No new or worsening of the disease. No aggressive bony lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pleural (airway) or lung effusion. No changes in the number of patients with abnormal blood vessels. The aortic valves are still in place. Central airways are clear. Upper Abdomen: No abnormal changes. Hypoattenuating lesions throughout the liver, including the largest of which measure as simple cyst. Left renal cyst and soft tissues: Healed median sternotomy. No abnormal lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
In this review, we examined the effects of surgery on the heart and lungs. The review found that the heart is enlarged and the lungs/airways/pleura are swollen. The right upper apical scarring is worse than the left. The thyroid gland is affected. No definite honeycombing (difficult evaluation the setting of pleural effusions). Mildly enlarged lymph nodes are seen. Fluid and debris noted in the throat to the level of the proximal portion consistent with reflux/dysmotility. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial (right) and probably left (left) enlargement. No clear evidence of aortic or pericardial (heart) effusion. The main artery measures 39 mm. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (32 mm) which can be seen with pulmonary hypertension. Severe and coronary artery calcifications. The blood pool is less than the heart. Attenuation of the blood pool consistent with anemia. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomies. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Changes of the spine. Body wall edema.
In this review, the size of the heart is normal in size. No acute fracture was identified within limitations of bone deminning. There is a right lower lobe that is lobulated. The right breast appears to communicate with an airway, suggestive of mucoid impaction. No aggressive lesion was observed. There are no bowel obstruction, ascites, or cancer of the lymphadrum. There may be a right internal mammary 9 mm node. The liver is unremarkable except for a left renal cyst. The bladder may be due to instrumentation, and further tests are required. No hematoma was identified. The aorta is extensive and is thought to be of high density. Evaluation of the pelvis is limited due to streak artifact from extremely dense contents. The pelvic ring and femurs is nondiagnostic for fracture due to motion artifact.
In this review, the liver, liver, spleen, and kidneys are all unscarred. There is a small amount of residual air within the pleural space, which may be the result of the removal of the airway. There are also a few scattered areas of bronchial mucoid (bronchial) impaction, which could be a sign of a bronchitis. A right upper lobe (right atrium) is enlarged. The right lower lobe (left pleura) is swollen. The left pleura appears to communicate with the right lung. There may be a right lung obstruction. A Foley catheter is seen within the bladder wall. There was no aggressive lung inflammation. No bowel obstruction. No aggressive osseous lesion. There were no lymphadenopathy, ascites, or free air in the lungs. No right atrium is enlarged, and there is a right posterior tracheal diverticulum. A left lung artery is dilated, suggestive of an increased risk of pulmonary pressure. The thoracic ascending aorta is not dilated. A hilar node noted stably measures 13 mm. An enteric tube loops and terminates within the gastric body. There appears to be no obstruction of the bowel. No serious bowel obstruction is noted. There seems to be little or no difference in the number of patients with or without cancer. The liver and gallbladder are unremarkable except for a few small hypodensities, and left renal cortical scarring. The bladder wall thickening, which is suggestive of cystitis. Fat and left internal hernia are noted.
In this review, the left lower lobe volume loss with bronchogram appears to have improved. There is a small left basilar pleural effusion. The right lower lobe and right upper lobe have improved, however there are still residual obstructions. No significant changes of the thoracic spine with mild height loss of the vertebral bodies. No new acute osseous abnormality. The central airways are patent.
There are 2 left chest tubes and a drain. There is no pleural effusion. The heart size is enlarged status post median sternotomy and a CABG. The central airways are patent. There appears to be pulmonary interlobular septal thickening, which is suggestive of a pulmonary embolism. There are no aggressive osseous lymph nodes. Upper abdomen: The abdomen and pelvis are dictated under a separate accession number. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive oesophageal lesion is identified.
There is a left chest tube in stable position. There is a small left lung obstruction. The heart size is normal status post median sternotomy and chest tube. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy. Bones and soft tissue: There is soft tissue (chest wall) emphysema. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The spleen is enlarged. There are no aggressive or toxic lesions in the upper abdomen. There was no obstruction of the airway in the right lower lobe. The right upper lobe is closed and the left lower lobe is open. There were no complications of the operation.
The patient is again noted to be status post wedge resection. The heart size is normal. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The central airways are patent. There are no pleural, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. Upper abdomen: a right hepatic lobe cyst is unchanged. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is observed. There was no pericardial or pleural swelling. The patient is still in the intensive care unit.
This is an update of the original review of the review published in 2010. The review now includes three new reviews. The original review found that the heart is normal in size. There is a left-sided aortic arch with conventional arch anatomy. The trachea is midline and patent. Mild dependent atelectasis bilaterally. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The thyroid gland is normal. No pleural effusions. No lung consolidation. No pneumothorax. No obstruction of the airway. The liver is normal and there is no evidence of metastatic disease of the liver. The kidneys are normal and the liver is healthy. The stomach is normal, but there is evidence of fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. No bowel obstruction. The gallbladder is normal with no intra or extrahepatic biliary ductal dilation. The abdominal aorta is normal but there are dense calcification of the abdominal arteries extending into the iliac and femoral vasculature. No lymph nodes are prominent. No hydroureteronephrosis or nephrolithiasis are known to be associated with this disease. The left adrenal gland is nodular. No focal lesion. Adrenal glands: Left adrenal glands are nodular, but the regional gland is abnormal. Lymph nodes: Prominent 0.6 cm periportal nodes in the left mesenteric region of the left shoulder. No suspicious lytic or blastic osseous lesionsion. Bones and soft tissues: 1.5 cm mixed lucent/sclerotic lesion in the right ilium. Multilevel degenerative changes of the lumbar spine with narrowing, anterior osteophytes at L5-S1, vacuum phenomenon, and Schmorl's nodes. Lumbar nerve damage: Multiple hepatic metastases, the largest measuring up to 7.
In this review, the heart of the chest of the blood pool is seen to be normal. There is no increased reticulation or architectural distortion. There are no significant changes in the shape or size of the lungs. No significant air trapping is seen. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is observed. The heart size is normal.
There is no evidence that the heart is enlarged. There is no aggressive angina. The heart size is stably enlarged. The upper abdomen and pelvis were examined under a separate number. There was no evidence of an increase in the amount of fluid in the abdomen. No evidence of a change in the size of the bones and soft tissue. There were no major complications. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for patients with acute pleural effusion.
In this review, the size of the thyroid lobe has decreased, as has the mass of the upper chest. The right thyroid lobe mass has increased in size, and the left axillary node has grown. The neck is normal. The heart size is unchanged. There is a small increase in right hilar (head of the neck), but this is not significant. No aggressive lesions are identified. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive lesion is identified. However, there is a decrease of the left superior mediastinal vein, which remains narrowed, and other nodes have decreased, such as the right hilar node. The left brachiocephalic vein is still narrowed, although the amount of blood flowing between the left and right brachiospectral (brachial) vein remains unchanged.
There is no new lung nodule in the right middle lobe. The heart size is normal. There is no pleural effusion. Bones and soft tissue: Again noted are old left lateral rib fractures. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar cancer nodes. There was no evidence of a change in the number of lymphadenopathy nodes.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the thoracic spine were examined. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid gland is normal size. Moderate coronary artery growth. Large hiatal hernia which contains the majority of the stomach. Multiple healed right rib fractures. Moderate calcifications throughout the breasts bilaterally.
This review of the available evidence found no new or enlarging lung or airways nodules. The heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. Heart and vessels: Chest port tip terminates within the superior cavoatrial junction. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper and lower abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No new or worsening lung nodules are seen. No pleural effusion is noted.
In this review of the literature we found no new or enlarging of the lung or the chest. No changes in the size of the heart and vessels. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion and no pneumothorax. No consolidation of the lungs. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
This is an update of the original review. The review found no new information for this update. In the original version of the review, the review was published in 2010.
In this review, the presence of the right lower lobe lung nodule is stable, as is seen in the left lower lobe. There is no aggressive lung cancer. Other lung nodules are also stable, for example in the lower lobe (left lower lobe). There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate report for this area.
In this review, we examined changes in the size of the lung and the aorta. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. No new or worsening of the pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mild coronary arteries and aortas are normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Lower abdomen: There is no evidence of adenopathy. Upper abdominal: No changes below the diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions. In the lower abdomen: No aggressive cancer. No changes in bone density in the thoracic spine.
This review of studies found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new pleural or lung nodules were found. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery is normal size. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pleural effusion. Upper abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Soft tissue within the prevascular and lymph nodes (medicines) likely represents residual thyroid in a patient this age.
This is a summary of a CT scan of the right upper lobe lung of the thoracic lobe. The scan showed a 5 mm right upper lung nodule but this is unlikely to be a new tumour. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural discharge. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
In this review, the size of the lung, heart and vessels, and of the abdomen/pelvis, are compared. The review shows that there is worsening of the left main pulmonary artery, with a worsening mass effect on the left lower lobe. There is worsening in the right upper and left lower lobes. There are new and worsening lymph nodes, and there are new pleural effusions. The lungs are patent. The abdomen is patulous. The right lower lobe pulmonary artery is unchanged from the most recent CT. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Moderate pericardial flow is again seen. There were no major complications. There was no significant difference between the coronary artery and the heart.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging of the lung or the aorta. No new or worsening of the disease in the lung. The heart and vessels are normal size. The right lung is patent. No changes in the disease of the lungs. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries. Upper abdomen organs are unremarkable. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed. The review concludes that there is no evidence to support the routine use of aortic valve replacement. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for patients with this disease.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thyroid. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid and lymph nodes: No new or worsening of the disease. Moderate coronary arteries and aorta: No calcified arteries. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The upper abdomen: No changes in the bone structure. No new bone lesions in the upper abdomen. No major changes in bone density. The review found routine age-related changes throughout the spine. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for people with thoracic spine disease.
In this review no suspicious pulmonary nodule is found. There is no evidence of a lung cancer. Severe aortic valve calcitation with diffuse thickening of the LV myocardium and LV apical aneurysm again noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. The presence of extensive coronary artery calcification is again noted in the right lower chest wall. For findings below the diaphragms, see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT.
In this review, the thyroid gland and lymph nodes were examined. There is no evidence of thyroid cancer in the left thyroid. The heart appears enlarged. There are no signs of lung cancer. The stomach is filled with fluid and the stomach wall is thickening. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the stomach and soft tissues. The upper abdomen appears to be stable and the upper esophagus is collapsed. The right thyroid gland appears to have a small pericardial effusion. The left thyroid gland has multiple subcentimeter left thyroid nodules present. No signs of cancer of the lungs or the airways are seen.
In this review the heart and vessels of the lungs are clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Mild changes of the aorta. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerosis. There is stable dextroscoliosis.
In this review of the literature, we found that the right lung tube and the right chest tube are clear. The fluid component has decreased since prior. The left lung is also clear. No fluid in the left lung has also decreased. The right lung and the chest tube end in the right apex just inside the pleural space. Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. No pericardial effusion.
In this review of the literature we found no new or enlarging nodules in the neck or lungs. Mildly thickening of the bronchial wall in the right upper lobe and right lower lobe of the neck and chest from recent radiotherapy is consistent with airways disease. There is no new growth of cancer. No new growths outside the radiation field. No pleural swelling. No pericardial swelling. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No aortic swelling. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Mild calcifications. Upper abdomen: No growths. Thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodes. No new or worsening pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery. Upper abdominal organs: No aggressive bones lesions. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper abdomen: No changes in the appearance of the abdominal organs.
In this review, the size of the lung nodule in the right upper lobe has slightly increased. There is no evidence of aggressive lung cancer. Milder lung disease is present. No aggressive lymphadenopathy is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report. This review is up-to-date as of September 2013.
In this review, the size of the lungs/airways/Pleura and the thyroid/Lymph nodes/Thymus were compared with the size and shape of the heart/Vessels. The thyroid was normal size. No abnormal bone lesions were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery was noted. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine bone changes throughout the thoracic spine were observed.
There has been a small development of mild pulmonary edema with small bile ducts (bronchial effusions). The heart is enlarged. There is increased extensive coronary artery calcification. There has also been a large increase in the number of lymphadenopathies. Hepatic calcions are again partially visualized. There are no aggressive osseous lesions. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
This review of the literature is up to date as of July 2020. The review of trials found no evidence that the right lung or the aorta of the heart or of the lungs were affected. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were found. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal. Moderate coronary arteries and aortas are normal size, with no calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper abdomen and soft tissues are unblemished.
In this review of the literature, the effects of the disease on the lungs, heart, and vessels of the chest wall were compared. There are a number of problems with the lung, chest wall, and lymph nodes. There is no evidence of lung disease. The left breast glandular tissue, and overlying skin thickening, is stable. There was no evidence that there is evidence of bone disease. There were no aggressive bone lesions. However, there is a small number of heart and vessels lesions, and there are severe coronary calcifications. The right lung is still intact. The central airways are patent.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the lungs/airways/Pleura and the aorta/Aorta are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. No changes to the thyroid gland or lymph nodes are noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery is normal size. Mild coronary calcifications of the coronary artery and aortas (aorta) are normal. No aggressive bone lesions are noted and no new bone lesions have been identified. Normal thyroid gland size. Normal cardiac size. Heart and Vessels: Normal size. No pericardial effusion. Mildly calcified arteries and veins: No aggressive disease. Routine changes throughout the spine.
In this review, the size of the lymph nodes in the left lung is stable. There is no evidence for lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report. The right chest port terminates in the right atrium.
In this review of trials, the effects of bronchial wall thickening and bronchiectasis (bronchial scarring) on the lungs, chest, heart, lungs, and airways were compared with bronchodilators. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural or bronchus effusion. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickness. Large hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: No aggressive bone lesions. No heart disease. No pericardial and aortic ossification. No aggressive bronchitis. Lung and vessels: Heart and vessel enlargement. No abnormal heart rhythm. No obstruction of the lungs. Aortic aorta: No obstruction. No obstructions. Lung function: No abnormal lung function. No lung function is abnormal. No blockage of the airway. No evidence of lung disease in the chest or lungs. No abnormalities in the heart or vessels of the chest. No serious adverse events. LAD and LCx stents stents: Unremarkable.
In this review of studies from June 2018, we found no new or enlarging pulmonary or lung nodules. No new or worsening of the disease. No changes in the size of the heart and vessels. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal thyroid. No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The left of the gastric conduit in series 4 image 219 is unchanged.
In this review, the findings of this review are presented. There is no evidence that there is a lung cancer. Mild peripheral reticulations in both lungs have been seen. No aggressive lung cancer is seen. There was no evidence of a narrowing of the airway (pulmonary effusion). Paraaortic and paravertebral lymphadenopathy has increased, for example, para-arterial lymph node size was slightly increased. There were no aggressive lung lesions. No evidence of coronary artery disease was found. The findings below the diaphragms should be interpreted with caution. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
In this review, the patient is treated for a left breast cancer. There is mild interstitial edema with a small left lower lobe (pulmonary embolism) in the left lung. The heart is enlarged. A trace right pleural effusion is also noted. The patient is status post left breast reconstruction. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report. No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. There are foci scattered throughout the ribs and spine, presumably metastases.
This is an update of a prior study from August 2021. The new study is similar in size and distribution compared to the prior study. There is increasing groundglass and linear scarring in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 115. The right lower lobe of the right lung is similar to the previous study. The left upper lobe is more pronounced. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are clear. The heart and vessels: Normal size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries and the aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. Normal thyroid gland size. No thyroid adenopathy. Central airways and soft tissues: No pulmonary effusion. Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper abdomen: Stable appearance of the lytic lesion in the left upper limb consistent with prior surgery. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Plain appearance.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary lesions. No new or worsening of the disease. No pleural effusion or airway wall thickening. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal size. The kidney is normal. The abdomen is limited by low dose technique. No changes in the thyroid gland. Upper Abdomen: No abnormal changes. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. No abnormal growths of bone. Central airways are clear. No large changes. No pericardial effusion. No consolidations or groundglass.
The review found that there is no evidence of a lung cancer. Fat necrosis is again noted in the anterior upper abdomen.
This review found no new pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pleural swelling. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No new lymph nodes. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the size of the nodules and the amount of blood in the lungs/airways/Pleura were compared. The review of studies found that there is a trend towards a normal size of pulmonary nodules. There is a small increase in the number of small airway disease signs. There are no signs of large airway changes. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the bones or soft tissues.
In this review of the literature there are no new or enlarging lung or lung nodules. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No new or worsening of the disease is noted. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. The thyroid lobe is stable. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic mild calcifications including valve leaflets. Upper abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
In this review of the literature, we found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung or lung wall growths or mass growth. No suspicious lung nodules or masses. No lung obstruction. No pleural effusion. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery, aortic valve and calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Left renal cysts.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or lymph nodes. No new or worsening of the disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were found. The main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (32 mm). No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The left major fissure is stable and the lymph node is probably benign and the thyroid is unremarkable. The right shoulder has changes of the right shoulder. There was no change in the right anterior chest wall. The heart and vessels: Mild biatrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the heart and vessels were examined. The heart is globally enlarged. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: left upper lobe tree-in-bud lung nodules are seen on CT series 6, image 141 and are likely infectious. No lung apices are excluded from the field-of-view. No lymph nodes: no thoracic adenopathy. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and vessels: No aggressive bone lesions. Status post CABG. No pericardial effusion. Biventricular AICD is present. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
In this review there is no evidence of a difference in the size of the lung nodules in the right middle lobe. There is a small but stable (6 mm) nodule in the lateral chest wall. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen in this group.
In the present study, the heart and vessels appear normal in size. There is a trace right pleural effusion. The airways are patent. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications including the leaflets of the pulmonary artery are suspected in the lateral segmental branch of right lower lobe. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary artery; a filling defect of thromboembolism (defects in the blood vessels) is suspected.
In this review, the size of the various lymph nodes in the chest is compared. The review found no evidence of abnormal growth of lymph nodes or of lung or airway growth. There is some evidence of increased bronchial wall thickening. The left upper lobe and lingula have increased in size. No abnormal growth is seen in the left breast radiotherapy area. No pericardial effusion. The right chest wall therapy port tip ends in the SVC. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid is unremarkable. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland.
In this review, the presence of the right lower lobe lung nodule is stable, and the left upper lobe and right upper lobe are stable. There is no evidence for an increase in the number of lung nodules in the left or right lung. No aggressive lesion is seen. The left lower lobe is unchanged. The right upper lung is also stable. Mild bronchiectasis with mucous plugging is again noted in the lingula. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The L1 vertebral body is unchanged, and there is no change in the amount of fluid surrounding the neck vertebrae.
In this review, the size of the arteries and vessels of the heart and the aortic valve of the lungs were compared. The review of trials found that the arteries of the thoracic spine are normal size. There is no evidence to suggest that there is a difference in the size and shape of the aorts. However, there are signs of changes throughout the spine. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. In the upper abdominal organs, the abdominal organs are unremarkable. The heart and Vessels: Normal size. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal. Normal thyroid. No signs of thyroid disease. No changes in the number of lymph nodes or thyroid glands. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone disease. Routine age-related degenerative changes in bone structures and soft tissues: No aggressive disease.
This review of the literature found that the left upper lobe of the lung had a new, larger, and more dense, tree-in-bud pattern. The left lower lobe had new, smaller, and scarred patches. The heart and vessels were normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The lymph nodes in the left lymph nodes had decreased in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The right aortic artery was normal in course and caliber.
In this review, the size of the pulmonary nodules in the left upper lobe of the lungs and in the right upper lobe have decreased. These findings likely represent mild lung edema, which is a decrease in the amount of fluid in the lungs. No pulmonary effusion has been observed. The pulmonary artery in the upper lung measures up to 3.2 cm which is mildly enlarged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are observed. Central and upper airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Main pulmonary artery: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper and lower abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
In this review, the heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. New clusters of micronodules in the right upper lobe (for example 7:143) and left upper lobe(for example 5:117, 142). New 2 mm (7:219) and 4 mm left lower lobe(7:239) nodules. The right middle lobe is stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers are normal. Left aortic arch with an aberrant right subclavian artery with a course that leads to the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bones lesions. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lymph nodes. No new or worsening of thyroid disease was found. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. No pleural effusion was found, nor was there any evidence of pericardial or airway swelling. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery calcifications. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
In this review, we look at the effects of heart and vessel replacement and lung surgery. Heart is normal in size. No evidence of obstruction in the lungs, but fluid surrounding the repair is likely to increase with time. Large amount of mucous secretions in the right lower lobe branches. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild coronary artery calcifications. The right upper lobe surgical staple line, probably from prior surgical biopsy, is in place. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. The left upper lobe central line, in the SVC, terminates in the left upper lung. The heart and vessels: Status post ascending aorta replacement and aortic valve replacement.
In this review, the thyroid gland is unremarkable. No new or enlarging lung nodules are found. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary calcifications are noted. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions. Stable left lateral chest wall in the form of a lipoma. Mild consolidation of the pulmonary valve leaflets is also noted.
In this review, the size of the mass in the left upper lobe of the lungs has been compared with the left side of the heart. The mass has retracted from contact with the right major pleural fissure, but the left aspect of the pericardium remains intact. These portions of the esophagus contain a layer of fluid and dust. No new lesions have been noted. In the right upper lobe, the mass remains unchanged. A 1.1 cm left apical nodule is stable (5:66). The left inferior lingula and left hilar adenopathy (both unaffected) are inseparable. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic, coronary artery, and lung lesions are similar to prior. Small left pleural effusion has been resolved. No definite CT correlate for hypermetabolic lesions noted on June 2021 PET/CT.
In this update of the original review, we found no new or enlarging lung or airways disease. No new or worsening of the disease was found. Mild lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis. No lung disease in the upper lobe. No pleural effusion or lung wall effusion. Scarring at the lung bases. No lymph nodes or thyroid glands. Heart and Vessels: Left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads terminate in the right atrium and right ventricle. Heart is normal in size. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No pericardial effusion and no periectasis in the left kidney. Upper Abdomen: No new growth of cancer. Calcified lymph nodes in the spleen. Thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Prior to sternotomy with intact wires. T8 vertebral body (head and neck) hemangioma.
In this review, the right lung is stable. No new or enlarging lung nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion. There was no aggressive lymphadenopathy. Multiple prominent lymph nodes remain in the same place in the chest. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report. The right chest port terminates in the right atrium.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the lungs or the aorta. No new and enlarging of the thyroid gland. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No changes in the size of the arteries. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery. Moderate coronary arteries and aortas: No new or enlarged calcifications of the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine bone changes throughout the spine: No aggressive bones lesions. Upper Abdomen: No changes below the level of the abdomen. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pleothorchia. No pericardial (hole in the lung) effusion. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs.
In this review of the evidence, the size of the heart and vessels was normal in size. There was no evidence of abnormal growth of lymph nodes. The right upper lobe (thyroid) of the right lung was not noted in the setting. No evidence of lung obstruction. No pericardial effusion. No calcifications of the ascending pulmonary artery and aortic valve calcifications were observed. The aorta measures 38 mm. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (33 mm). Severe coronary artery and pulmonary valve calcions were not seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid is unremarkable. No signs of adenopathy were noted. There is not enough evidence to determine whether there is a difference between the thyroid and the other parts of the body.
In this review of the literature there is no new evidence of a new adenopathy of the thyroid. There is a normal size of the right middle lobe of the lungs. The right lung is normal size. No new mediastinal adenopathies have been identified. The heart and vessels are normal size and normal. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen. No pneumothorax. Osseous and soft tissues: stable bony lesions in T10 and T11 vertebral bodies. There are several rib lesions and a right eighth rib lesion, which may represent treatment change. The body of the T12 vertebral body is stable.
In this review, the thyroid gland is examined in detail. In the left breast there is a new small right pleural effusion. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild biapical scarring. The right breast is covered with scarring and/or atelectasis in the lingula next to the fissure. New right breast lymph nodes have been noted in the right upper and right middle lobes from prior right breast radiotherapy. No thyroid adenopathy. No changes of the spine and right shoulder. The heart and vessels: Heart and Vessels: The left aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair. Main pulmonary artery is dilated (35 mm) which can be seen with pulmonary hypertension. Aortic calcifications in the left lung. Upper Abdomen: calcified granulomata in the liver. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Prior median sternotomy with intact wires. Status post right breast laryngoscopy.
In this review of studies from May 2009, the size of the nodules in the right apex of the heart and the aorta (pulmonary artery) are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. No pleural effusion or airways are clear. Large hiatal hernia containing the majority of the stomach. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the the thoracic artery. Normal thyroid. No major changes to the thyroid. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe arteries and veins: Normal size. No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. Central airways and lymph nodes: No major abnormalities. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. Large and small hernia. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine changes throughout the spine.
In this review there is evidence that the thyroid nodule in the left lower lobe (lower lobe) of the right lung is stable. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy, lymphadenitis, or lymph node effusion. A small but stable lesion in the right lower lobe is noted. A smaller but stable lymph node is noted in the lower lobe. There are no lymph nodes in the abdomen. A larger and more stable lymph nodes are present. A sclerotic lesion on the right lateral fifth rib is stable, and a hemangioma is again noted. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution because of the small size of the lesions. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for people with thyroid cancer.
In this review there is no evidence of a change in the amount of lung cancer cells in the left upper lobe. There is also no evidence that lymphadenopathy (lung cancer), lymph node growths or pleural drainage are present. The findings below the diaphragms should be treated with caution, as there is a need for further imaging of this area. The review concludes that there is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of this treatment. More research is needed.
In this review, the findings below the diaphragm were not seen. There is no evidence of aggressive lung cancer or pleural effusion. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or lymphoma. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
There is a small hiatal hernia. No aggressive lung lesion is seen. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no new lung nodules in the lower lobe of the right lung on image 221 of series 3. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. Mild subtle groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe are nonspecific and may be infectious or inflammatory.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the heart are examined. There is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 198. The heart appears normal in size. No pleural effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. There was no aggressive bone damage.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the lungs or in the aorta. No changes in the size of the heart and vessels. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery is normal size. Upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodule. No pericardial or lung effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal cardiac size. No abnormal bone growth. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones growth.
In this review, the size of the main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm which can be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. Normal course and caliber of the the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pulmonary edema. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of diaphragm.
In this review, we examined the effects of surgery on the heart and vessels of the chest. There are no signs of obstruction of the lungs. There is a trace right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis. There appears to be a small tree in the left apex, right middle lobe, and right upper lobe, which is also seen on 12/24/2020. Some of these appear larger from; for example right apical nodularity (series 2, image 78). In the superior medial right chest, there is a simple, non-organized, and non-systematic fluid collection. Inferiorly, there appears a nonorganized edema (redness) along the chest wall. Mild blood loss along the cutaneous surface of the reconstructed right chest could represent evolving blood products, however there is no organized hematoma. No aggressive bone lesions are seen.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels was examined. Heart appears normal in size. Severe coronary arterial calcifications and stents are present. No evidence of pericardial or lung blockage. No aggressive bone lesions. Flowing anterior endplate bone osteophytes without loss of disc-like disc heights is suggestive of a diffuse disease of the upper limb.
In this review, the thyroid nodule is shown in the lingula on image 219 of series 4. There is no evidence of a tumour in the lung. Mild paraseptic symptoms are noted. No aggressive tumour is seen.
In this review there is a large amount of secretions/debris (wet and dry) in the bronchus, left mainstem, and left lower lobe. There is no aggressive oesseous or pulmonary edema. Mild oelectasis is also noted in the lingula. There are no pleural or lung problems, but there is an oesophageal cyst that is likely an enlargement of lymph nodes. No aggressive lesion is identified. The review concludes that there is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of this condition. More research is needed.
This review found no evidence for the presence of lung cancer in this patient. New trace left pleural effusion with a small hernia is noted. No lung cancer is seen. No aggressive lymphadenopathy is seen, however, a small hiatal hernia was noted. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This is an update of a previous review. In the original review, it was found that there is no evidence of a need to replace the aortic arch. There is a small amount of fluid surrounding the ascending and the descending aorta and the major artery. The left kidney shows a small enhancement in its upper pole. No other fractures within the thoracic spine or in the abdomen have been found. The body and tail are well-defined. There are no signs of obstruction of the bowel. There may be a small but not significant increase in the amount of air in the right pleural space, which may represent scarring. There appears to be no improvement in the appearance of the pulmonary artery, but there is a possibility of scarring along the course of the prior pneumothorax, although there is not definite evidence to suggest abscess. The right adrenal gland is unremarkable. A small amount (1.2 cm) of fluid is present along the superior aspect of left adrenal glands, possibly tracking from the stomach. No evidence of aneurysm/pseudoaneurysm, or rupture of the artery, is seen on either side. The liver and biliary tree do not appear to have a focal abnormality. The CBD is difficult to differentiate from surrounding tissues.
In this review, the brain and neck of the cervical spine are examined. The brain and spinal cord appear normal in size. There is a small, diffuse scar in the left lower lobe (4:297). The neck and limbs appear normal, except for a possible small anterior cortical erosion in the right mandible, although this may also represent prominent brain fissure. The lung and airways are patent. No evidence of pleural or lymph nodes effusion. The heart and vessels are normal. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the lungs. The neck appears normal.
In this review of the literature there are no new or enlarging lymph nodes. No new or worsening pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or lung swelling. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
In this review, the size of the thyroid nodules, the lungs, the heart and vessels of the chest, the abdomen and the pelvis are compared. There are multiple new and enlarging lymph nodes, for instance a new lower lobe (lungs) and a new lingular nodule (pulmonary) in the right lung. There is a small hernia (hiatal hernia), which is a narrowing of the right mainstem (trachea) which may be due to the presence of small airway disease. No new thoracic adenopathy is seen. The right thyroid nodule is unchanged. There were no new lymph nodes. There was no evidence of any new lymph node by size criteria. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There appears to be no evidence that there are any new coronary calcifications. Calcifications of the aortic valve are demonstrated. Normal course and caliber of the arteries are shown. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Ill-defined sclerosis in the mid sternum, correlates with previous FDG flushing in that region.
In this review, the heart and vessels are normal in size. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema is reported. There is no evidence of lung disease. There are mild calcifications of the coronary artery. No aggressive bone lesions. The great arteries and soft tissues of the heart are normal. The lungs and airways are not affected.
In this review, the size of the soft tissue in the right middle lobe has decreased compared to the prior study, and this is due to an increase in the amount of fluid in this region. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Moderate pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe coronary arteries and aortas: Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions. The right lower lobe nodularity has decreased, but this is limited by the effusion in the region. The soft tissue surrounding the lungs/Pleura/Lungs: No new pleural adenopathy. Normal bronchial wall thickening, with no new or increased lymph nodes. Central airways are clear. No additional pericardial effusion. The upper abdomen: No aggressive cancer. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Upper abdominal CT report: Findings below the level of the diaphragm.
The patient is status post thyroid surgery. A small hernia is noted. No aggressive lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
In this review, the size of the thyroid gland and the heart and vessels were examined. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal size. No lymph nodes: No aggressive disease. No pericardial (wound in the heart) effusion. Normal artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of diaphragm.
In this review, the patient is status post sternotomy and there is a new small left pleural drainage. There is a 5.0 x 2.2 cm gas in the inferior aspect of the sternum (image 401, series 3). Additional smaller pockets of likely hemorrhagic fluid are noted in the left fissure. A trace in the anterior mediastinum is present. No thoracic or aggressive osseous lesion is observed.
In this review, the size of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No thyroid gland enlargement is noted. Stable trace pericardial fluid, likely physiological.
In this review, the thyroid gland is examined. The thyroid gland appears normal in size. No abnormal lymph nodes are noted by size criteria. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules are noted. The airways are patent. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels appear normal. The right chest port terminating in the cavoatrial junction is not reported. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No pleural or lung effusions were observed. No cancer of the thyroid glands was noted. Thyroid gland enlargement is likely to be due to the presence of excess thyroid cells in the thyroid bed. The included portion of thyroid gland was unremarkable.
The findings of this review are based on a single, large, and stable study. No aggressive lung cancer or pleural effusion were seen.
In this review, the heart is not enlarged. There is no new pulmonary nodule. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The heart is normal in caliber. No axillary, supraclavicular, or hilar (womb) lymphadenopathy (liver disease). The lungs are patent and normal. The right kidney collecting system is seen in the right lung, but the patient is again status post left radical kidney removal.
There is a small amount of evidence that the right lung is expanding. There is no evidence that this is due to cancer. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or aggressive lung cancer. However, there is some evidence of thickening in the right middle lobe. More research is needed.
In this review, the thyroid lobe of the left lower lobe (4/369) and the left upper lobe ( 4/234) of the right thyroid lobe (2/192) were studied. The left thyroid lobe is surgically absent. No new thoracic lymph nodes were found. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries are reported separately.
In this review, the thyroid gland and lymph nodes, the heart and vessels, and the lungs/airways/pleura/pulmonary embolism, are examined. The thyroid gland is normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal. Stable mild dilatation of descending aorta. No pericardial effusion. Stents. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. The included portion of thyroid gland was unremarkable.
In this review of the literature, the heart and vessels of the lungs and the lungs/airways/pleura/shinoid gland were compared. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Small right pleural effusion, new from prior exam. No pulmonary edema. There are no aggressive bone lesions. New rounded groundglass opacities in the right upper lobe, favored to represent infection, including those caused by fungi. The thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart and arteries are normal. No atherosclerotic (clot-free) calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery/lungs/pulmonary nodes: Improved right paratracheal/hilar adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unimpressive. No aggressive bones lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, the thyroid gland is shown to be normal in size. The thyroid gland and thyroid chambers appear normal. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. The included portion of thyroid gland (the thyroid) is unremarkable.
In this review, the size of the thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The thyroid gland appears normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical material in the right breast again noted. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper and lower abdomen: No new thoracic lymph nodes. No pleural effusions. Lower lungs: No pneumonic or pleural edema. The airways are patent. Upper abdomen: Unremarkable. The previous thymic hyperplasia is not appreciated on current study.
In this review, the heart appears normal in size. The lungs and lungs of the heart appear to be normal in shape. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Moderate coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. The left upper lobe (5/146) is nonspecific. The right breast is prominent. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the arteries and vessels of the aorta.
In this review, the thyroid gland and thyroid bone lesions were studied. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the heart is noted. The airways are patent. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. Mild calcification of the left upper lobe of the lungs is stable as well as the right upper lobe. New bilateral patchy groundglass (bibasilar band) and more focal (point) opacities in the right lower lobe are seen. No new lymph nodes have been reported. The included portion of thyroid gland has no new abnormal growth by size criteria. Again seen compression deformity of the vertebral bodies of T7 and T10. Severe coronary and aortic calcions are noted in the left lower lobe. The right upper and lower lobe have calcification in the leaflets of the aorta. Mild growth of calcification is noted separately. The left upper and right lower lobes have calcified in the same way as in the lower lobe (5/78). No new nodes are reported.
In this review of the literature, we found that the heart is normal in size. There is no obstruction of the lungs. There are no signs of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No aggressive bone lesions. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The great vessels are normal in caliber.
This is an update of a previous review. The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pleurisy. No changes in the size of the heart and vessels. No new or worsening of the disease. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No major changes. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild calcifications of the arteries. Upper Abdomen: Status post surgery. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
In this review, the size of the pulmonary artery and the heart and vessels were studied. The findings of the review are similar to the prior study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction. Normal thyroid and lymph nodes: No new lymph nodes. Normal heart size. Main pulmonary artery size is within normal limits. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the left lower lobe. Severe coronary arteries and aorta: Moderate changes with an upper lobe predominance in the lungs. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial (under the skin of the heart) effusion. Tortuous course of the descending aorte. Upper and lower abdomen: No more or fewer new or more aggressive bony lesions. Multiple healed rib fractures. No further fractures were found. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: The results of this review were similar to those of the prior review.
In this review, the heart and vessels were examined. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries of the heart. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pneumonic consolidation. Mild coronary calcifications. The thyroid gland was not seen in the included portion of thyroid gland. The airways are patent. The bone marrow density of the bone marrow is diffusely seen in a cage in the thoracic cage. No abnormal growths were observed.
In this review, the size of the lungs/airways/Pleura: Mild bronchodilators. No new lung nodules. There is a significant decrease in the now trace left-sided pleurysm in the left lung. However, the left side of the lung is still underexpanded and the left base of the left chest is not fully expanded. The left lung is too small to be of benefit to the heart and vessels. Normal thyroid is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mild arterial and blood vessel calcifications in the aortic valve. No evidence of new aggressive bony lesions. Upper abdominal organs: The abdominal organs are normal. The spine of the thoracic spine is normal. No changes in the soft tissues. The breast implants in place. Bilateral breast implants are still in place for the breast implant. The right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC.
In this review, the right upper lobe of the right breast is missing. The right thyroid lobe is surgically absent. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No pleural effusions. No lymph nodes: No lymph node growth by size criteria including the left and right mammary and axillary groups.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging of the lung or the aorta. There is an increase in the numbers of thyroid nodules. The heart and vessels are normal size. No new or expanding of the pulmonary artery is normal size, and the central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction is noted. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The review found routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
In this review, the findings of the review of trials show that there is a lack of evidence to support the use of CT for the diagnosis of pneumonia in people with COPD. There is evidence of fluid in the right major fissure. There are secretions within the trachea (bronchus), the mainstem bronchi, and the right upper lobe. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Upper Abdomen and Thighs: There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. No lung problems. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid gland and soft tissues: No aggressive disease. Hepatic steatosis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: None of the structures and tissues are abnormal.
In this review of the literature, we found that the left lower lobe of the lungs was the most likely to show evidence of lung disease. The right lower lobe was the least likely. The left lung was the only lobe with evidence of pleural disease. There is no evidence that the right lung is in need of repair. There are no signs that the heart and vessels are affected. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There was no evidence of obstruction in the arteries. No aggressive bone lesions. The aorta is normal. The lungs and airways: No pleural effusion or lung wall thickening are noted. There were no changes in the apices. No evidence that there is any evidence of damage to the lungs. Upper Abdomen: No evidence of abnormal growth of bone in the lower abdomen. No abnormal growth in the thyroid gland. The coronary arteries and soft tissues: No calcifications of the coronary arteries.
In this review, the size of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The airways are patent. No lung masses or discrete solid pulmonary nodules were found. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. No pleural effusions. Moderate to large sized hernia was reported.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels, the airways and the lungs/airways/pleura/pulmonary nodes are compared. There is a small hernia in the right lower lobe. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. There was no pericardial effusion. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion, and there is a common origin of both left common carotid arteries. The ascending aorta is ectatic, with the largest measuring 3.9 cm in diameter. The heart chambers appear normal in size.
In this review, the thyroid gland and lymph nodes appear to be normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Moderate coronary calcifications are noted and the heart and vessels appear normal. The airways are patent.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the heart were examined. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is low, suggestive of anemia. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. The lungs/Airways/Pleura: left worse than right bilateral peribronchial groundglass and consolidative opacities. Small left pleural effusion. Normal course and caliber of the artery of the coronary heart. No pericardial (under the skin) or aortic (through the veins) effusion, and no aggressive bone disease. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bones disease or bone fracture of the sternum. Remote healed fracture of right eighth rib.
In this review, the size of the lymph nodes, the lungs and the airways are examined. The lymph nodes and the thyroid gland appear normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The heart appears normal. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels of the aorta. No abnormal changes in the blood vessels. No pericardial effusion. Three-vessel coronary calcifications. Lower abdominal fractures of right fourth through sixth ribs. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive changes. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The upper and lower airways/Pleura: The upper lobe of the bronchial wall is thickening. The lower lobe is also thickening and may be seen in the setting of atypical infection or pulmonary edema. The airways and lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes (5/319) and 1.2 cm lower right paratracheal lymph node (5-229). The included portion of thyroid gland has no abnormal growth.
In this review, the size of the left upper lobe mass and the left lower lobe of the bronchus (the bronchial wall) were studied. The left lung and the right lung showed improvement in size. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities of the nodules were observed. There is a small improvement in the left pleural mass and left lung wall. No aggressive bone lesions were reported in the right breast. In the left breast, calcification of the breast tissue was observed in the upper breast. The right breast is normal in size and no new or expanding nodules are seen. The heart and vessels appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery, aortic and valve calcifications were reported separately.
In this review, the heart and vessels appear normal in size. No new or enlarging discrete solid lung nodules are seen. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The right chest port terminating in the SVC is stable. The left pleural effusion is stable and the right lower lobe of the pleural cavity has a small calcification which is unclear. No pericardial (in the upper chambers of the lungs) effusion. The heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal size. Stable mild decrease of the aorta at 4.1 cm. Moderate coronary calcifications.
In this review, the thyroid gland is unremarkable. No new or enlarging lung nodules are seen. The airways are patent. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pleural or pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Mild aortic and coronary calcifications. Although the study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries; a filling defect within a branch of the aorta (5/228). Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. The insides of the thoracic cage with widespread, faintly seen lytic and sclerotic lesions, compatible with metastases. Correlate with recent nuclear imaging report.
In this review, we found no new or enlarging nodules. Mild upper lobe (lower lobe) and middle lobe (right lower lobe 5:279, left lower lobe 235) of the thyroid gland show no new, enlarging or receding nodules (see for example, right lower lobe, left thyroid 5:196, 235). No pleural effusion (pneumothorax) or pleural obstruction. No aggressive bone lesions. No new or growing thyroid nodules are reported. The heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Heart and vessels (aortic valve, coronary artery, aortic and blood vessels) show no calcifications. The aorta (the main artery) measures 39 mm. The right greater than left gynecomastia (right more than left) is more common in the right upper lobe. The thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs and airways/Pleura: No new and enlarging of nodules, no pericardial effusion. Milder upper lobe of the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening.
In this review, the size of the pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe of the spine is the same going back to study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid function. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
In this review, we found that there are extensive secretions in the left trachea, which may be due to the presence of cancer. There is a small right pleural drain in the upper lobe, possibly due to prior chest tube placement. The right upper lobe and lower lobe bronchi are also clogged. There are no signs of cancer in the heart and vessels. The thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: The heart is normal in size. There were no arteries with calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which is seen in pulmonary hypertension. Upper Abdomen: There is no evidence that there is any cancer in this area. The left breast has a surgical clip in place, possibly from prior chest tubes placement given morphology. There may be evidence of infection in the right breast. There was a small decrease in the number and severity in the amount of fluid in the lungs. The lung is still clogged, but there is a slight decrease. The T3 spacer has been removed since prior exam dated 10/21/2021. In addition, there is some evidence of osteopenia involving tissue in the T1-T4 tissues, with gas and soft tissue. The evidence is up to date as of October 2018.
This is an update of the review published in 2010. The review includes information from two separate studies. The first was published in 2009. The second was updated in 2013. This update includes new information from one study published in 2014. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mildly elevated blood pressure in the heart and vessels is normal. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels was examined. The heart is normal in size. There is a small hiatal hernia. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. The right lower lobe of the thyroid is unchanged compared to 10/19/2020. There was no change in the number of nodules in the right thyroid. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The lungs/airways/Pleura: There is no evidence for a difference in the amount of fluid in the lungs. There may be a marked dilatation, measuring 4.0 cm, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart and arteries are normal. No pericardial effusion is seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
In this review, the heart appears normal in size. No new or enlarging of the thyroid or of the lungs is reported. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The heart and vessels appear normal.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels and of the lungs/airways/pleura were compared with the sizes of the aorta, the heart/vessel, and the stomach. The review found that the right lower lobe of the right lung (the lingula) has resolved, but there is a new focus (the 'centre' of the lung) in this study. The left lung (centre of pleura) is stable. No pleural effusion. The right lung and the airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aortas are normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Moderate coronary artery calcifications are normal size. Dilatations of the mitral valve occur in the right and left lungs. No pneumothorax. No pericardial (hole in the chest wall) effusion is seen. Upper Abdomen: Post surgical changes of the stomach appear to have been consistent with changes in the stomach prior to splenectomies. Remains of the organs are unblemished. In conclusion: No aggressive disease of the thoracic spine. No new bone lesions have been identified. The quality of the evidence in this review is moderate. Further research is likely to have an important impact on the confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Benjamin Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Lung. Email: [emailprotected]
In this review, we examined the effects of the disease on the lungs, heart and vessels of the heart. The review found that the lower lobe of the lungs was the most affected. There is evidence that the right upper and right lower lobes may be slightly decreased. The left lower lobe is still solid. There are no pleural effusions. Mild secretions within the upper lobes. Additional scattered nodules measuring up to 4 mm are unchanged, for example in the left upper lobe on series 5, image 365.. There is no evidence of an increase in the number of lymph nodes. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Stable T9 superior endplate compression deformity. Moderate hiatal hernia.
In this review, the thyroid gland is examined in detail. No new or enlarging nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pleural swelling were observed. Improved left axilla with decreased irregular soft tissue opaque since prior exam.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the chest are examined. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. The blood pool is low. No aggressive bone lesions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable.
In this review, the size of the thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There is no pneumonia or heart and edema. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There are no coronary arteries with calcifications of the coronary arteries. The left lower lobe (right upper lobe) of the lungs has a large, prominent, 5 mm nodule in the left upper lobe. This is an increase in size, raising concern for a recurrent disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. The lymph nodes/thyroid are enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions are noted.
In this review, we examined the effects of the removal of right pleurx catheter. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary or lymph nodes. Mild interval decrease in right pleural effusion with small amount of pleural fluid left. No new or expanding lymph nodes in the left major pleura. The right major fissure remains in place in the same position with tip at the left base. Stable 6 mm right thyroid node in the right chest wall. No additional nodes were found. No pericardial effusion. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some with increased sclerosis indicating healing. Please see concurrent bone scan. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Known left breast cancer, with overlying skin thickening. Diffuse osseous metastatic disease, same to prior exam.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the lungs. No new or worsening of the disease. No pleural effusion or airway closure. No changes in the thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
In this review, the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No suspicious nodules or masses. The thyroid is unremarkable. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions. The right lower lobe of the right liver is too small to characterize. There are moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries. The heart and vessels are of normal size and shape.
In this review, the thyroid is shown to be normal in size. However, the size of the thyroid and the number of lymph nodes is not normal. The thyroid is scarred in the left upper lobe and superior segment of the left lower lobe. This is likely related to prior granulomeatous disease. No new or enlarging nodules are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. No pericardial effusion is reported. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels are reported.
In this review, the thyroid gland and the right lower lobe of the left lung (the left apex) are seen to have been enlarged. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The right lung is enlarged from 13 mm and 2020 and 9 mm in 2019. Multiple additional bone lesions and solid nodules are unchanged, but the right upper lobe is larger. No pleural effusion is noted. The left lower lobe is also larger and contains solid and groundglass nodules. No lung swelling is noted, and the thyroid glands are similar in the right breast. No aggressive bone lesions are noted, but there is a mild enlargement of the heart and vessels. Moderate coronary artery calcifications are noted. Small bilateral Bochdalek hernias are again noted. Heart and Vessels: Mild heart and vessel calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
In this review, the visualized thyroid and lymph nodes, heart and vessels, lungs, and soft tissues were compared. There is no evidence of lung disease. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No air trapping on the expiratory images.
In this review, we examined the effects of the disease on the lungs, the heart, and the aorta. The findings show that the lung and airways have worsened compared to a prior study from July 2021. No new adenopathy has been found. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the upper abdomen. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and the pulmonary vessels are normal. The heart is normal size. Severe heart and lung disease is a problem in the arteries and vessels. No pericardial (in the heart) fluid leaks out.
In this review, the size of the thyroid gland and the heart and vessels were compared. In the right lower lobe of the neck, a 9 mm left upper lobe nodule (series 4, 160) and a 1.9 cm left lower lobe (Series 4, 425) are stable. The heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery calcifications remain too small to characterize. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. No changes in the spine. Simple left renal cyst. The ascending aorta measures 3.4 cm.
In this review, the size of the tree of life in the chest is compared to the size and shape of the heart and vessels. The main outcome is the level of lung function, and the extent to which the tree is affected. In this review we found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Further interval decrease in right upper lobe (5:263) and left lower lobe (for example 5:331) opacities, probably related to mucoid impaction and airways disease. No pleural fluid. Scarring in the right middle lobe. Tubular branching Opacities: Tubular narrowing in the left upper lobe. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the artery and the valve. No pericardial drainage. No pulmonary effusion. Lower abdominal wall cardiac event monitor.
This is an update of the original review. The review includes a new version of the review published in 2010. The original review was published in 2009. This updated version was updated in 2013. This update includes the results of a new Cochrane systematic review. We found that there is evidence that there may be some evidence of chronic small airways disease. There is also evidence that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are patent. No pleural effusion or consolidation has been reported. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in this updated review. There are no reports of changes in the thoracic spine. The left posterior rib fractures are rare. The aortic valve is normal. The ascending aorta is aneurysmal to 4.6 cm in size and there are mild calcifications in the aortus. The heart and vessels are normal. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery. No evidence of narrowing of the pulmonary artery. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive changes of the bone lesions.
In this review, the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural or arterial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcium deposits within the coronary artery. There is no aggressive bone lesions. Status post partial left mastectomy.
In the prior study, the right lower lobe of the lung and the right upper lobe (the pleura) of the aorta (pulmonary artery) were clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or lung wall thickening were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The right lower and the left upper lungs are normal size. The heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and pulmonary veins. Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen.
In this review, the size of the right middle lobe nodule in the chest has decreased from 4 mm to up to 4 mm. The solid component seen on the mediastinal windows of April 2021 exam has resolved. No new or enlarging lymph nodes were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers are normal in size. No pericardial drainage was observed. No aorta or aortic valve was seen. Upper and lower abdomen: Reported separately. In the upper abdomen, there is a stable sclerosis of T11 vertebral body. Increased sclerosis at T6 and T10 posterior elements.
In this review, the thyroid gland is shown to be normal in size. No evidence of thyroid gland adenopathy is found. No aggressive bone lesions are reported. The heart and vessels appear normal. The airways are patent. The right lower lobe (4/213) of the left lower lobe has a band of atelectasis/scarring. The included portion of thyroid glands is unremarkable.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the lung or the aorta. No changes in the heart and vessels. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper abdomen and soft tissues: No aggressive disease. Normal cardiac size. No abnormal changes.
In this review, the thyroid gland and the lower lobe of the thyroid glands, the heart, and the lungs and airways/pleura (pulmonary valve) were studied. The thyroid gland is normal in size. The upper lung is patent. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. No changes of the thoracic spine. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal. There are no abnormalities in the vessels of the heart. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Degenerative changes in the spine. Mild biapical pleural scarring.
In this review, the size of the lung, airways and lymph nodes were examined. Lungs: No abnormal growths or abnormalities. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Mild bronchial wall thickness is thought to be related to airways disease. No pleural or lung effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Left breast 10 mm lesion, enlarged since prior exams.
In this review, the heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. There are no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: The heart is normal in sizes. The great arteries are normal. The aortic arteries and lymph nodes have mild calcifications. No new or worsening of the disease. There was no change in the size of the left lower lobe nodule and the previously noted new left lower limb nodule has resolved. The anterior upper lobes are likely to have been affected by prior cancer treatment. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Status post bilateral mastectomy. The right anterior chest wall resection with prostheses in place.
In this review, the heart is normal in size. No new pulmonary nodules identified. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels are normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications.
In this review, the size of the lung and the airways are compared with the size and shape of the body. Lungs: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lung function is normal. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal size. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. In the right upper lobes are patchy groundglass opacities in series 4 image 144 for example. This finding is new compared to the abdominal CT from March 2021. There is also new right lower lower paratracheal adenopathy measuring up to 1.1 cm short axis.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the thoracic spine is compared to the prior study. Some of these nodules including the right upper lobe and a 9 mm groundglass nodule near the fissure on the right image 227, and an elongated (left) nodule along the pleura, in the left upper lobe in image 130, are unchanged compared to prior study from December 2020. No new lung or lung airways nodules have been found. No lung and airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of aorta (aortic artery) is normal size. No consolidation of lymph nodes. No aggressive bone lesions. Remaining abdominal organs are unremarkable.
In this review, we examined the effects of surgery on the lungs, heart and vessels. We found no new or enlarging nodules or abnormal lymph nodes. The left upper lobe and the right lower lobe had a stable 4 mm right middle lobe nodule since at least 2015 consistent with a benign etiology (4:294). No new or worsening nodules were found. No new and enlarging lymph nodes were seen. The heart appears normal in size. No pleural effusion or lung wall thickening. No aggressive bone lesions. The aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral valvular apparatus calcification. Upper Abdomen: Prior to surgery to remove the left breast, the kidneys were too small to define. Bilateral renal hypodensities too small for analysis.
This is an update of a previous review. A new version of the original review was published in 2010. This updated version has been adapted for this updated review.
There is no evidence of lung damage. The heart size is normal. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuating.
In this review, the size of the chest and the bones and soft tissue were examined. There is no evidence to support the use of bronchiectasis in the lower lobes. The central airways are patent. There are no pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. There was no aggressive lesion.
In this review, we looked for evidence of changes in the lungs, heart and vessels. There is a moderate right pleural effusion. The central airways are patent. The heart appears qualitatively enlarged in size. There are no pericardial effusion and there is no obstruction to the lungs. The left lung is patent. There was no obstruction of the airways. The right lung is not patent. A prominent lymph node is seen within the left lower lobe. The lymph nodes appear more prominent since prior, for instance a 0.9 cm lymph node (series 3 image 186). Heart and Vessels: There is no obstructive pulmonary disease. A right heart valve replacement is noted. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. A left shoulder joint is noted in the right shoulder and a right os acromiale is noted within the right middle lobe. A VP shunt catheter is partially visualized traversing the left chest wall. Soft tissue stranding and small skin thickening is noted, a lymph nodes also seen. A 1.7 cm lower focus is seen adjacent to the right muscle muscle.
In this review, the left chest tubes have been removed. There is continued interval decrease in size in the right upper lobe. The heart size is stably enlarged. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Bones and soft tissue: old right anterior rib fractures aren't changed. No axillary, median, or hilar (liver and lymph nodes in the neck and chest) lymphadenopathy. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle, compatible with known anemia, is lower.
In this review, we looked at the effects of the disease on the lungs, heart and vessels. There were no major complications. There are stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm in size. There is a chronic small left pleural effusion. A stable expansile lymph node is seen in the right lateral fifth rib. A right sternalis muscle is seen. The right shoulder is partially covered in soft tissue, and there is a small hernia. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size and there are no pericardial effusion, however there are severe coronary calcifications. There was no thoracic adenopathy. The lung is patent and the heart is normal. There may be a small hiatal hernia, but this is likely to be of inflammatory in nature. No lymph nodes are seen, and are likely to have been affected by the presence of other diseases. There appears to be no evidence of lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen: More lesions are seen. Again seen are extensive lytic lesions throughout the spine, sternum, and rib cage.
In this review, we have examined the effects of the removal of the left upper lobe wedge from the chest wall. There is a 9 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, which was found on prior exam. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. No pleural effusion. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels. No aggressive bone lesions. The central airways are patent. No abnormal swelling in the left lung. There was no evidence of obstruction in the pleura. No changes in the bone structure and soft tissues were noted.
The review of trials found there is a small amount of pleural fluid in the right lung. There is no evidence of any major complications. The heart size is normal. There are small pleural effusions, right greater than left, with the left lower lobe having the largest amount. There was no aggressive angina. There were no reports of other complications. No serious complications were identified. The review concludes that the lungs are clear. The abdomen and pelvis are covered under a separate accession number. The quality of the evidence is moderate. More research is needed.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the upper lobe (lower lobe) and the lymph nodes (lungs) have decreased. No new nodules have been identified. Mild secretions within the upper lung (trachea). No pleural effusion or pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Heart and vessels: A left chest port terminates in the SVC. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild spread of blood in the lungs. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Similar T12 vertebral body superior endplate defects. Older ninth right posterior rib fracture.
This is an update of a previous review. The review found that there is no evidence of a change in the presence of lymphadenopathy. There is a lack of evidence for an increase in the number of patients who have a lymph node in the right lung, but there is some evidence that this is stable.
In this review, the findings of this review are based on a single, small lung scan. There is no suspicious pulmonary nodule in the right upper lobe (2 mm nodule). There is also no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural drainage. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is a summary of the results of CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. There is no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. The left lung is unchanged compared to prior exam (series 5, image 104). No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion. There was a 2 mm right upper lobe nodule (series 252). There is a right IJ chemotherapy port in place, with tip terminating in the SVC. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: there is a left right atrial appendage, right ventricular free wall, and a vein of the coronary sinus. There were no changes of the spine. The heart and vessels were similar to prior examination. The aneurysm of the left ventricular apex with thrombus again noted although less conspicuous compared to previous exam, likely related to differences in technique.
In this review, the presence of calcified lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung is noted. There are no aggressive lesions. The overall quality of the evidence is moderate. Further research is required to confirm or refute the findings of this review.
In this review, we examined the effects of the disease on the lungs, the heart, and the lymph nodes. We found no evidence of lung disease. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are of normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The left lower lobe of the right kidney had a new 2 mm nodule in the right lower lobe (series 3, image 378). There is no evidence that the lung is affected. No evidence of pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumonia. Hepatic steatosis: Hepatic cyst at the upper pole of the kidney. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
In this review of the available evidence, the heart appears normal in size and the lungs, airways, heart and vessels are normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary or airway nodules are seen. No pleural or thyroid nodules have been found. The left breast is still intact. Mild sclerosis is noted compatible with healing. The liver is still calcified. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. The fracture lines are still evident.
This review found no evidence of lung cancer in the right lung. There is no evidence that lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion are present. Clusters of tiny lung nodules at the right lungs base are likely infectious in nature. There are no aggressive oesophageal lesions. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
In this review there is no evidence to support the use of the thyroid gland for the treatment of lymph nodes. A 4 mm groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe is not identified. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy. There are bilateral thyroid nodules measuring up to 1.4 cm on the right. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
There is no new pulmonary nodule. There is no pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar nodes. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The pulmonary nodules are unchanged, measuring up to 4 mm.
This review of 19 trials of different types of lung, heart and vessels found that the lungs and airways are normal in size. No lung effusion is noted. No pleural effusion was noted. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Small hiatal hernia is noted and no aggressive bone lesions are noted. Mild asymmetric left shoulder and left anterior chest wall hernia (recording) is noted, but there is no evidence of bone lesions. The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of aorta.
In this review, the thyroid gland with multiple nodules is again seen. Again seen are multiple old spinal compression fractures. The heart is enlarged. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
In this review, the extent of the right lung metastatic disease was compared to the left lung. There is a decreased small to moderate right pleural effusion, which is a narrowing of a lymph node. The right lung is also less swollen and has a decreased spread of lymphadenopathy. There are no new lesions in the right lungs. However, it appears improved as shown by a decreased right perihilar mass (a mass that surrounds the lungs). The left lung is still swollen, but the spread of the lymph nodes has improved. For example, a 1.5 cm left upper lung metastasis was reduced to 1.7 cm and a 2.6 cm decrease in the left perihil mass. The left upper paratracheal node was 1.8 cm less swollen.
There are stable changes of right upper lobectomy. There is no pleural effusion. The liver is fatty. No aggressive lung lesion is seen. Mild disease of the left upper lobe is noted. There are no aggressive lung lesions. Mild emphysema is noted in the left lung. Mild mediastinal lymphadenopathy is stable, for example a 1.3 cm (subcarinal) node (image 194, series 3).
In this review, the heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no evidence of heart disease. There are minimal arteries and vessels calcified. The thyroid is unremarkable. The left lung is normal. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The right upper lobe of the left lung was similar to 7/15/2020.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the left lung was increased from 8 mm on the prior study. The 1 cm left upper lobe nodule in the right lower lobe in image 218 is unchanged. The rest of the scattered nodules including a 4 mm left apical (apical) and a 1.9 cm groundglass nodule on the left lower lobe are unchanged. Normal course and caliber of the arteries and vessels is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thyroid gland is normal size. Central airways are clear. No lymph nodes are enlarged. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary artery and aorta are normal. Upper abdomen and soft tissues: Sclerotic bony metastatic disease is similar distribution compared to prior study.
In this review, the size of the thyroid gland and the heart and vessels were compared to the size and shape of the lung. The findings showed no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new or worsening of the disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal thyroid gland is normal. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pulmonary effusion. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the lungs. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Lucent lesion in the right fourth rib in series 5 image 137 which is stable compared to a prior study and remains indeterminate. Intramuscular lipomas in the shoulder left back, a benign finding.
In this review of the literature, the size of the heart and vessels and of the lungs, airways, and the aorta were assessed. No new or enlarging nodules were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lungs. The right chest wall therapy port tip (the SVC) terminates in the SVC. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications were found. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion.
This is an update of the original review of the published in 2010. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an elongated nodule along the major fissure on the right in image 260 and on the left in image 204 which likely represents an intrapulmonary lymph node. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels was compared to prior studies. Mild changes in the lung mass were seen in the right lung mass in the prior study measuring up to 5.8 x 2.5 cm. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 361 is unchanged. The left upper lobe with a 6 mm nodule is unchanged compared to the previous study. No pleural effusion or lung wall thickening were seen. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Milder changes in muscle tissue in the left back, a benign finding. No evidence of aggressive bone disease was found. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine were observed.
In this review, the size of heart and lungs/airways/Pleura: The right lower lobe of the heart and the left apex of the lung are unchanged. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The central airways are patent. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Moderate coronary artery calcifications and calcifications. No aggressive angina in the heart. No pleural effusion. No thyroid adenopathy. No angina. The thyroid gland is normal. The esophagus and soft tissues: Stable T4 fracture. The breast and soft tissue structures and tissues: No aggressive oesophageal or soft tissue lesion. Coarse calcions in both breasts. The upper abdomen: Please see separately a report for findings in the abdomen. Heart and vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. The cardiac chambers appear to have normal size. No obstruction. No pericardial (hole) effusion (wound) of the aorta. No cancer.
This is a summary of the results of the current study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and vessels: Normal size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The spine is normal. Central airways are clear. Routine changes throughout the spine are observed.
In this review, the size of the majority of the lung nodules (2.4 x 1.6 cm (5/307), the largest in the right thyroid lobe) decreased. No new or enlarging lung nodule were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were reported. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the size of the lung and the airways are normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. No pleural effusion or airway wall thickening have been seen. The thyroid is normal size. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery. No aggressive bone lesions. The abdominal organs are unremarkable.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules are noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions are observed.
This review of the evidence shows no new or enlarging lung or heart nodules. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No new or worsening pleural effusions. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions. The right lower lobe suture line, status post segmentectomy, is still in the right upper lobe (5/352), stable since November 2013. Stable 3 mm nodule in the left upper lobe, middle lobe (6 mm), and the left (3 mm) in the middle lobe. No more or fewer lung nodules have been found. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the lungs or the aorta. No pleural effusion or pleural swelling. Normal thyroid is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries and vessels of the heart. Mild coronary arteries and veins are normal size, and no new coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes in the spine occur throughout the thoracic spine.
In this review, the size of changes in the right upper lobe and perihilar lobe (head and neck) of the brain, lungs, and the aorta of the heart were compared. The review found that the left upper lobe of the head and neck had a larger mass. The right lower lobe had a smaller mass. In the right chest wall therapy port tip of the SVC, the right internal jugular vein was again noted. No changes were noted in the lungs. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion was noted. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery and aortic calcifications were noted. Small hiatus hernia. Diffuse esophageal wall thickening with patulous portions of the esophagus noted which may be related to stomach disorders. No aggressive bone lesions were reported.
This review of the evidence shows no new or enlarging lung or lung nodules. The left upper lobe of the left breast remains stable. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No lymph nodes are reported. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
In this review of the literature search, the heart appears normal in size and there are no signs of heart failure. The body imaging section of the review found that the heart and vessels appear to be normal. There is a large increase in the size of right paratracheal nodes likely as a secondary result of lung and airway swelling. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears to be in good shape. The findings of this review are based on findings in the abdomen. These findings likely represent a combination of congestive heart failure/fluid overload superimposed to lung failure.
This review of the available evidence found no evidence of any of the following: Lungs, airways and lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. The airways are patent. Heart and vessels: Mild enlargement of the central pulmonary artery at 4.2 cm and scattered calcified plaques along the coronary artery. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The kidneys are atrophic. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No feeding tube is again noted.
In this review, the size of the left upper lobe of the heart and the pulmonary artery is normal. There is a new 4 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in image 387. No lung nodules have been found in the anterior lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is reported. Central and upper airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries and the veins. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen.
In this review, the thyroid gland is shown to be normal in size. The heart appears normal. The lungs are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. Moderate coronary calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No pericardial effusion.
In this review, the heart is normal in size. The lungs are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: The heart is large and healthy. No obstruction of the arteries. Moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, the lungs/airways/Pleura of the heart and vessels of the aorta were examined. No new or enlarging lung nodules are seen. No pleural effusions were observed. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The thyroid nodularities, some partially calcified, are stable.
In this review, we have looked at the effects of UIP on the size of lung and airways, heart and vessels. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No significant air trapping on expiratory series. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No heart and Vessels: the heart appears to be stable. Stable mild dilatation of descending pulmonary artery to 3.3 cm, may suggest pulmonary arterial hypertension. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial or lymph nodes problems. No serious lung problems.
In this review, the size of the lung and airways/Pleura/Achilles/Pulmonary vessels (e.g. the lungs and airway) and of the heart and vessels were compared. The review of the available evidence shows a decrease in the size and volume of the right lung and the right upper lobe. The right lung is still large but decreased in size adjacent to a region of increased scarring. The pocket of air adjacent to the right side wall of the stomach wall (the stomach) has nearly resolved. There is a slight increase in the right thigh bone (the thigh wall) in the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending artery calcifications are present. Aortic and coronary artery calcification are present but not aggressive. PICC tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bones lesions. No extraluminal leak of contrast noted (please see separately dictated concurrent esophagram). The previously noted "protrusion" in the anterior wall of esophagus (prior exam 5:102), may represent a fold (a fold in the wall) and may decrease in size to the proximal portion of the gastric conduit. Mild decrease in right hilar node, now 13 mm, previously 15 mm.
In this review, the heart and vessels of the chest are stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, the findings of fibrotic lung disease in adults with heart and airways are compared to those of adults with a normal heart and a normal airway. Findings from the most recent prior exam (7/22/2020), which is based on a prior search, show no new or enlarging of lung and airway nodules. No new lung nodules are seen. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged. Mild coronary artery calcifications are seen in the chest. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen when the esophagus is diseased. No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical clips in the right neck likely related to prior parathyroidectomy.
In this review, the role of the lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging of the solid lung or of the lymph nodes. No new pleural effusions. Stable scattered bilateral lung nodularities. Again seen the right lower lobe linear and subsegmental (liver and heart) and the aorta in the upper lobe. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No more or fewer heart attacks. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No changes of the soft tissues and organs. Post vertebroplasty changes.
In this review of the literature we found no new or enlarging of nodules. No new or expanding nodules were found. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. No pleural embolism in the lobe branches extending into the upper lobe and in a left upper lobe branch. No lung effusion or pneumothorax. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
In this review, the size of the pleural drainage catheter in a stable position and the amount of fluid in the lungs and the airways were compared. The results of the review showed no new pleural swelling. The heart appears normal in size. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules within the aerated parts of the lungs. No aggressive bone lesions. No new pneumonic claudication. The airways are patent. Heart and vessels: the heart appears to be normal. Stable postsurgical changes of median sternotomy and repair of ascending aortic aneurysm.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lymph nodes or lungs. No changes in the aorta. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic arteries. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe coronary arteries: No new or worsening of the coronary arteries. No pleural or airway swelling. Central airways are clear. Upper abdomen: No changes to the spleen. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine. Post surgical changes in chest wall with no residual soft tissue. The review concluded that there is no evidence to support the routine use of aortic bypass in patients with atrophic thyroid disease.
In this review, the size of the nodules in the right upper lobe and lower lobes of the heart and the aorta (chest) were compared. No new or enlarging lung or aortic adenopathies were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The left thyroid lobe and the left lower lobe of the thyroid gland appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery and the right chest port terminating in the distal SVC. Mild coronary and the heart chambers appear to be stable. No pleurignous effusions. The airways are patent. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bones lesions. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal, with no pericardial effusion.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels and of the lungs/airways/Pleura were compared. The heart appears normal in size. No pleural effusion or lung wall thickening are noted (for example right upper lobe 3:228). The left lower lobe (3:273) has an increased risk of emphysemia. The thyroid is enlarged and the lymph nodes are heterogeneous. The right middle lobe has a small hiatus hernia. There is no significant change in the number of people with a hernia in the left upper lobe. Mild coronary artery and aortic valve calcions are noted. No pericardial (a narrowing of the aorta) or pulmonary (pneumothorax) effusion is noted. The left kidney has partially imaged cyst in the right kidney.
In this review, the size and distribution of the nodules was not changed. The heart is normal in size. No definite new nodules identified. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Normal course and caliber of the heart and the artery and aortic calcifications. Mild coronary artery and blood vessels and soft tissues are normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. No thoracic adenopathy.
In this review the heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. No coronary artery calcifications have been found in the aorta. The left lung appears normal and the right lung at the base of the lungs collapse. There is no evidence of adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung or lymph nodes. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusions. No thyroid gland abnormalities.
In this review, we looked at the effects of chronic lung disease in adults. We found that the lungs were normal in size. There was no evidence that there were any problems with the airways or the lungs. The heart and vessels were normal. No evidence that the heart or vessels had problems. No one had a problem with their blood vessels. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The main artery was mildly dilated (31 mm). Mild coronary artery calcifications were not seen. Mild bilateral hernia was found. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was seen. The upper abdomen did not have any abnormal bone lesions. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2014.
In this review, the size of the lesions in the lungs/airways/pleura was compared to the size in the heart. The review found that the left lower lobe mass measures 4.7 x 3.4 cm, the right upper lobe is increasing in size over several recent exams, and the others are unchanged. Mild changes in the peripheral right lung base is suggestive of inflammatory process, unchanged compared to changes observed in the left upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There were no major problems with the coronary arteries. The left upper and right lower lobes of the right lung are growing larger. The anterior nodule in the right arm (series 4, image 148), is increasing. The others are the same size. No major problems were noted. No serious complications were reported. Flowing anterior osteophytes are consistent with diffuse bone disease. There was no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
In this review, lung and airway changes were compared with changes in the left upper lobe and the right breast. The review found no new or enlarging of the left lung or the left breast. No new or worsening of the lung disease. No pleural effusion or lung wall swelling. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the artery and aortic calcifications. Lower chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
In this review, the size of heart and vessels was compared to prior studies. The main pulmonary artery measures up to 4.3 cm in the axial plane, which is unchanged compared to the prior study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. No aggressive bone lesions. Severe coronary artery calcifications: calcifications of the coronary arteries and right aorta. The right atrial wall of the heart and the right ventricle are calcified. Upper abdominal wall calcions: see separate dictated CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen. No changes in bone and soft tissues: no aggressive bone damage. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
In this review, we look at the effects of the surgery on the lungs/airways/pleura. The lungs are normal in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal. Moderate coronary artery calcifications. Mild bilateral hernia. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia in the thyroid gland.
This review of the evidence is up to date as of September 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No evidence of abnormal lung function. Moderate upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Lower lobe predominant mild bronchiectasis. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aortic arch (normal variant). Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the liver measuring above simple fluid, previously characterized as hemangiomata. No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcification in the right breast. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. No abnormal thyroid growth. No pericardial effusion. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous.
This review of the evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. The review includes data from two published studies. One showed that the thyroid gland was normal in size. The other showed that it was not affected. The thyroid gland did not appear to be affected in the same way in both men and women. The two studies did not find any evidence that thyroid disease was present in the lungs or in the airways. However, thyroid gland scarring was reported separately from the other parts of the body.
In this review, the size of the nodule in the right upper lobe of the lung is unchanged. The left upper lobe in image 17 is also unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild coronary arteries and aortas are unchanged. Stable nodular deposits of the adrenal glands. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes in the thoracic spine.
In this review, we looked at changes in the size of the heart and vessels. The heart appears normal in size. The lungs are stable. No new or enlarging lung lesions. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pleural or nasal effusions. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: The right hepatic lobe, likely a cyst and the right adrenal nodule are stable and the left lower lobe 5 mm nodule (3/250). The right upper lobectomy and middle lobe wedge resection are ongoing. The middle lobe of the middle lobe has persistent attenuation of the segmental bronchi of the lung and a subsegmental atelectasis. Again seen mild lung herniation through the right third space in the upper lung. Mucous and secretions in the proximal trachea. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Stable trace pericardial effusion.
In this review, the effects of the disease on the lungs/airways/Pleura were studied. The review of trials found that: - The left lung base of the right lower lobe of the left lung is scarred. - The right lung is thin. - Mild scarring in the anterior segment of the upper lobe and medial segment of both the left and right upper lobe. - No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. - Commonly seen lymph nodes, especially in the thyroid. - A small hernia in the lower thyroid is seen in the C6 and C7 vertebral bodies, which can be seen in GERD. - Thyroid wall thickening. - Heart and Vessels: Mild atrial enlargement. - Coronary artery, aortic valve and other indications. No pericardial effusion. - Hepatic hypodensity, likely to represent a cyst. - Side effects of exercise. - Hemangioma in T7 vertebra body.
In this review, the heart and vessels were examined. The heart appears normal in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion. The right hilar node is not discerned on this noncontrast examination. No enlarged lymph nodes. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. The left upper lobe of the right lung appears to change post radiation change, probably related to airways disease. No pericardial and aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid is unremarkable.
In this review, the size of the right upper lobe of the heart and the right pulmonary artery is stable. The right pleural effusion has slightly increased with time. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The central pulmonary artery appears upper normal, may be suggestive of pulmonary arterial pressure. Mild coronary calcifications ( calcification of the arteries) were again noted. No serious disease was noted.
This review of the literature found no new cancer cells in the lung. No new nodules were found. No significant change in size of the nodules. No pleural effusion or lung wall swelling. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery calcifications. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the distal SVC.
In this review, the thyroid gland is unremarkable. No new thyroid nodes are noted. The lungs are normal in size. The airways are patent. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels appear normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Remote healed bilateral rib fractures. Mild gynecomastia is again noted.
In the prior study in the right lower lobe, a 1 cm nodule described as new on the prior studies has resolved. No new or enlarging of the nodule has been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. Normal lung size. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery is normal size. Upper abdominal organs and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The right hilar node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis in series 4 image 231 is unchanged.
In this review, the size of the right upper lobectomy and the number of nodes (nodules) in the right lung were measured. No new or enlarging nodules were found. The left lower lobe of the lung had a stable 6 mm right lower lobe nodule (3:248). No new and enlarging lesions were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Main pulmonary artery measures 34 mm. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery. No obstruction of the airways. Hepatic steatosis. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Left adrenal disease is a rare disease.
In this review, the size of the upper and lower lobe of the chest and the lower lobe (bronchus) of the aorta (lungs) are compared. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. There is no evidence of an obstruction of the airways. The airways are patent with no pulmonary nodules greater than 5 mm identified. The cardiac chambers appear to be grossly normal in size. The liver, kidneys, and adrenal glands are similar to the rest of the body. The visualized bowel is not obstructed. There were no signs of obstruction in the lower bronchi. There was no evidence for a difference in the size and shape of the vessels. No signs of inflammation at the GE junction. The vasculature of the left upper lobe and lingula appears to be normal, and there are no aggressive lesions or acute bony abnormalities.
In this review, the thyroid gland and lymph nodes, heart and vessels, and the lungs/airways/pleura/aorta are examined. The thyroid gland has a large mass and lymph node and the lymph nodes have a small mass. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. The central airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The heart is enlarged. No pericardial effusion. Vascular calcification noted throughout the heart. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for the findings in the abdomen. The patient is status post CABG, median sternotomies and mitral annuloplasty.
In this review, the size of the heart and vessels and of the lungs/airways/pleura were compared with those in the control group. The review of trials found that the right lung and airways/bronchial tree thickened, and the right upper lobe (5:116) and left lower lobe (261) were stable. The right breast (4:20) had calcified, but no lymph nodes were affected. In the left breast (3:260) calcification of the artery in the aortic and coronary artery was observed. No lymph nodes had lymph nodes affected. The left upper lobe was stable. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the left lung. No pericardial effusion. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Older healed rib fractures were reported separately. Stable compression deformities of multiple thoracic vertebral bodies were observed.
In this review, the heart and vessels were examined. The heart is normal in size. No abnormal growths were found. The lungs are normal and the aortic valve is normal. No evidence of obstruction of the airways. The abdomen was examined separately for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found and there were no changes of the spine. Moderate triple vessel coronary artery calcifications were observed and calcification of the valve. No pericardial (under the skin) or pleural (through the lungs) effusion was found.
In this review, the heart appears normal in size. The left lung is patent. No new or enlarging nodules. Mild bronchiectasis in the left lower lobe noted on prior exam have resolved. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive disease. No pericardial effusion. Minimal aortic and coronary artery calcifications. The right lung has a tree in the base of the tree (tracheobronchial tree). Scattered punctate (less than 1 mm) centrilobular micronodules. Stable 4 mm nodule at the left lung base.
