A total of 38 studies were included. The results of the studies showed that children and their carers who attended the emergency department for a flare up of asthma were at lower risk of future emergency department visits and hospital admissions compared with control. There were also fewer unplanned doctor visits. Very few data were available for other outcomes (FEV1, PEF, rescue medication use, symptoms or symptoms) and there was no statistically significant difference between education and control. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function.
In this review, we included 130 studies with 8341 patients. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine, for most analyses. We used a non-stratified method, in which we analysed the pain at rest, pain at 24 hours, and pain at 48 hours. We compared the effects of giving ketamine or placebo (dummy treatment) during surgery. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that giving ketamines to patients during surgery reduced the amount of opioid medication they needed over 24 hours by 8 mg morphine equivalents (moderate-quality evidence). Over 48 hours, opioid use was reduced by 13 mg morphine equivalent (moderate quality evidence). Ketamine also reduced pain during movement by 14% on a visual analogue scale (high quality evidence) and by 22% on the same scale over 48 hours (high-quality information). We found no difference in the number of people who experienced nausea and vomiting after surgery. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-studies effects likely but testing not possible. The quality of evidence was generally low or uncertain, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for the analyses. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls. Racemic ketamine bolus doses were predominantly 0.25 mg to 1 mg, and infusions 2 to 5 µg/kg/minute; 10 studies used only S-ketamine and one only R-kamine. There was no difference when nitrous oxide was used. The number of participants in the studies ranged from 1 to 4, and the average age of the participants ranged from 55 to 77 years. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, and included different types of surgery
This review of five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 children in Papua New Guinea showed that the vaccine can reduce the number of episodes of clinical malaria, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. No severe or systemic side effects were observed. The vaccine does not seem to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but it is not known whether the vaccine prevents malaria. The results show that blood-stage vaccines (injections of blood-borne parasites) may play a role, and merit further development.
This review of four studies, involving 125 people, found that there was not enough data to be able to draw any conclusions on the effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of long bone fractures. More research is needed.
A total of 1831 patients were randomised to drain (915 participants) or no drain. Nine trials included patients who were having elective (not planned) laparoscopy. One trial did not provide the results. The average age of the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that gave this data. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the no drain group(2/841) in the proportion of patients who died in the ten trials that provided this information. The number of deaths in the two groups (7/567) and 3/576 (0.5%) in the seven trials with 1143 participants reporting on this outcome. There was also no difference in the number of serious events in each group (12/646) (1.5 events per 100 participants). The length of hospital stay between the groups (five trials; 449 participants; MD 0.22 days; 95% CI 0.66 to 3.87). The operating time was longer in the drain groups (seven trials; 775 participants). There was a no significant change in the return to normal activity and return to work in one trial (100 patients). There were no significant differences in the quality of life between the group (one trial; 93 participants;SMD 0%). The proportion who were discharged as day-procedure laparoscopic operation seemed significantly lower in the group than the 'no drain' group (two trials; 68 participants; SMD 0.2%) and the group of patients (11/35) reporting this outcome). There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after the operation. Further well designed randomised clinical trials are necessary. Only two trials including 199 participants were of low risk of bias.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the use of herbal medicines for the treatment of neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low quality. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events. Based on this systematic review, there is no evidence from randomised trials about the safety of Chinese herbal medicines. The results described from the 49 studies of low quality are of questionable significance.
This review of five randomized studies, which involved 1382 men, found that IAS was as good as CAS, but not as good at stopping cancer progression. There were no data for the relative effectiveness of the two drugs, and only one study reported on adverse events. One trial found no difference in adverse effects (e.g. gut problems, gynecomastia, and asthenia) between IAS (two events) and CAS (five events), but impotence, which was lower in the IAS group, was lower. There are no data on overall survival, prostate cancer survival, or the rate of progression of disease. There is a need for more studies comparing IAS to CAS.
We found 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias. Five trials randomised women to either an IUD that was put in right away or delayed. One of them randomised to immediate versus delayed insertion of the Copper 7, showed that insertion of IUDs right away is more likely to result in expulsion. The quality of evidence was moderate. Another trial randomised the use and expulsion of an intrauterine device (a device placed in the uterus) or the levonorgestrel-releasing device (the 'nova-t') was more likely for women in the Nova T group. (MD 8.70, 95% CI 3.92 to 13.48; 1 study; 438 participants). In other work, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion. From the meta-analysis of two trials, pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220 versus the LIPPes Loop. However, at six months after abortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared to delayed insertion.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract. There was no information about the age and sex of the patients in the study. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with leukaemia. The trial enrolled a total of 92 participants, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detection bias because of missing data due to abstract publication only. According to the GRADE criteria, we judged the overall quality of the body of evidence for all predefined outcomes as'very low'. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. Meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematological patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care control group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group, whose levels of depression remained constant (low quality of evidence). We found no information on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. More high quality randomised controlled trials are needed.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of house contacts. These small trials suggest that children given a vaccine (PEP) within three days to children following contact with a variceella case have fewer cases of varicella infection. However, the trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three studies. Overall, 13 out of 56 (23%) vaccine recipients (23% of the total) developed varICElla compared with 42 out of 54 (78%) placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within the three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults. Safety was not adequately addressed.
In this review, we included 12 trials, with a total of 4704 people. Eleven of the trials were at high risk of bias. There were no significant differences in the proportion of people who developed MRSA infections. In the 15 comparisons that compared one drug regimen with one other, there were no differences between the groups. In one trial, people who received an antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime (a drug) if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo (a fake drug), developed fewer infections. There was no significant difference between groups in any of the comparisons. The overall all-cause deaths in four trials that reported mortality, 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were not differences in mortality between the treatment and control groups. None of the other trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221 of4032 (5.5%) people developed all organisms, and 46/4704 (1% of people) people developed infections due to MRSA. In two trials that compared an antibiotic regimen with placebo, 19/478 (4% of the people) developed infections other than MRSA, including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia, in these two comparisons. No serious adverse events were reported. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple proclylactic antibiotics or administering prophyleactic antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery in terms of reducing MRSA infection. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotic regimens are necessary on this topic.
We found two trials (116 women) that did not have enough women in each group to be able to determine whether home care was better or worse than hospital care. The number of women in one trial was too small to allow assessment of the outcomes. There was some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. Mothers in the home care group were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care reduced costs. The review included two small studies that were not large enough to detect differences between groups. Future large and well-designed trials are required to assess whether there is any difference between groups for the outcomes of PPROM. The results should be interpreted with caution as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care, cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for women with a vaginal birth have been most often compared. Staples are associated with similar risk of wound infection, pain, cosmesis, and the need to re-close. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased risk of skin separation.
This review of trials found that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but due to the small number of trials contributing to each of the analyses, the results should be treated with some caution. Further high quality trials, with longer-term follow-up, are needed to confirm this. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The results of the review are up-to-date as of September 2014.
This review of two small trials recruiting 23 people found there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and shortcomings in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the review.
In this review, we identified 56 studies (with a total of 4068 adults). The majority of the studies (28 studies) were carried out in adults with breast cancer. In the 28 studies that reported on fatigue, we found that people with cancer who did not have solid tumours (cancer cells in the breast) were more likely to be able to perform an exercise-related task. The findings of the review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made. The review found that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-induced fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with solid tumour. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of an exercise intervention.
In this review, we included all five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included adults (16 to 65 years of age). All trials reported results for OS and PFS. In contrast to the previous review (2011), the results from the new trial (the EORTC 20012) show that people treated with advanced HL who have advanced BEACOPP have a higher overall survival (OS) (i.e. the number of patients who will not die) after five years of treatment. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five year in the escalated arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS (a period of time in which the disease does not progress, but which is not important). However, the observation time of the studies included in this review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours, which would not be expected for around 15 years after treatment. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be unable to conceive due to chemotherapy, and which arm might be favoured. Five trials reported adverse events. The analysis shows that the increased risk of side effects (including blood clots) with the increased beacopP is a new finding. However, there is only a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was available. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival and was high for other outcomes, as therapy blinding was not feasible. This review shows that adult patients between 16 and 60 years with advanced and advanced HL benefit from first-line treatment with advanced Beacopp.
In this review, we assessed the effects of a range of interventions on RTW. We searched for evidence up to April 2015. We included 15 studies including 1835 cancer patients. We found 15 studies that compared different types of interventions with each other or with care as usual. Most studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven studies), prostate cancer patients or both (two studies). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as a usual and low-quality evidence that there is no difference in the effect of psycho-educational interventions on quality of life. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that interventions involving physical, psychoeducational, vocational and/ or vocational components led to higher rates of RTW in patients with cancer. We also found moderate quality evidence that interventions including physical, mental, psycho- and vocational components lead to higher RTW compared to treatment as usual (low quality evidence). We found no differences in the quality of the effect between the interventions. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical medical intervention. Results showed that less radical, functioning Conserving approaches led to similar rates as more radical treatments and moderate quality of evidence of no differences between interventions. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias (risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We judged nine studies to be of low quality.
In this review, we found four trials involving more than 13,000 women, all from the UK. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one by the Scottish government. One trial was funded by a university. We found no evidence that the use of the admission CTG increased the risk of women having a caesarean birth. There was no clear difference in the number of women who died during the birth, or in the birth of the baby. There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcomes, such as the incidence and severity of low-oxygen (a sign of brain damage) and seizures in the neonatal period. The studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Overall, the studies were conducted in developed countries. The findings of this review support that the admissionCTG not be used for women who are low-risk women on admission in labour. This would include a cohort of women not included in current trials. Women should be informed that women should be given a warning about the risks of the CTG. The evidence quality ranged from very low to moderate. The main reasons for this were imprecision (small study sizes) and lack of blinding for women and personnel.
In this review, we included 32 studies in total. The studies randomised women (total 3666) to one of three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). We did not pool any of the data because each study compared different media. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One of these found a difference between the media compared. The quality of the evidence was low. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference. The fifth study did not appear reliable. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported two pregnancies and six studies found none. None of the studies reported on the health of the offspring. Most studies failed to report their source of funding. None described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for most comparisons, the main limitations being poor study methods and poor reporting of study methods. There has been much controversy about the best embryo culture medium. No two studies compared the same culture media and none of them found any evidence of any difference between them. The evidence is insufficient to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium for the embryo transfer process.
In this review there were no randomised trials of methods of informing women of their breast cancer. The search strategies of the review authors found that there were 30 citations for the review, but three duplicates which could not be combined. The review authors have not considered the reasons for the lack of research studies. As some papers reviewed by the authors relate to the first visit to the doctor, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at the first consultation visit would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness of communication and overcome the ethical dilemmas previously mentioned. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice.
In this review we included 17 studies with a total of 1006 people with NSCP. There was a reduction in reports of chest pain in the first three months of treatment. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. The number of days without chest pain was also increased up to three months after the treatment. The results of the review were limited by the wide range of measures used in the studies, which made it difficult to pool the results. The studies did not show an effect of treatment on chest pain frequency. In three studies, the therapists were blind to whether the patient was in the intervention or control arm. In the other studies, it was impossible to blind the therapists. The evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. Further studies are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible option. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first period of the study. However, there was high variation in the results and caution is required.
We found 30 trials with a total of 4344 people. The trials evaluated the use of antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers. There were no long-term data on their effects. There was some evidence to support that the treatment of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo (dummy treatment) is effective. There is no evidence of serious adverse events. Overall, the studies appear to be safe and well tolerated. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable. Overall the risk of bias was low. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of one to eight weeks. Direct comparisons of different drugs or treatment comparisons need to be interpreted with caution.
In this review, we aimed to assess the effectiveness of programmes that aimed at preventing the uptake of smoking in Indigenous youth. We found two studies that met the criteria for inclusion. Both studies were based in Native American youth. One study found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test. This was not maintained at six month. The study that looked at the use of tobacco products in the skills-only arm did not find a difference between the group with and the control group. The studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains. Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of such programmes. This review highlights the need for more research in this area.
In this review, we found one trial involving 72 women. The study was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no deaths in women who received either prophylactic (pre-emptive) (blood transfusion) or selective (reduced risk of pain crisis) blood. The trial also reported no differences in the occurrence of acute splenic sequestration (blood clotting), haemolytic crises (blood clots) or delayed (blood) transfusion reaction (blood haemorrhage reaction) between the comparison groups. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review were not reported by the trial. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfusion policy for women with other variants of sickle cell disease (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Evidence from one small trial of very low quality suggests no clear clinical benefits when compared with selective transfusion.
We found 67 trials involving a total of 6197 adults. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with which there was evidence of a difference (more than one trial) was in complications, which was higher in the low central venous pressure group (two trials). We could not assess the risk of harm in the other comparisons, since there were no differences. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one of the trials below. There is low-quality evidence for increased harm, and we cannot be certain that using special equipment for liver resection is of any benefit. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion (number of units) was higher with low central pressure than with acute normovolemic (blood in the blood) haemodilution (blood flowing through the veins to the lungs) plus low central blood pressure. The number of adverse events (complications) was also higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method (three trials). Among the secondary outcomes, there was no difference between the two groups in the proportion of participants requiring a transfusion, the transfusion quantity (red blood cells), blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time. None of the included trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the main outcomes. The main reasons for this were the small number of trials and participants, and the small numbers of participants in the trials.
This review has shown that the ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive. There is evidence to suggest that the use of systemic steroids, oral PUVA, and retinoids may be useful. There would also appear that low dose antibiotics, tetracycline, and Grenz Ray Therapy may be helpful. There was no evidence to show that short-term treatment with a steroid (hydroxyurea) is helpful. The review found that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available.
In this review, we found nine trials with 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg. Five drugs within the loop diuretics class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone (2.5 mg) to -10.0/+80 mg, and the drug etozolin 200 mg) were evaluated. We found no clinically meaningful blood pressure differences between different drugs. The best estimate of the effect of loop diurestic drugs on the systolic/dysstolic (systolic) and the diastolic blood pressure was -8/4 mmHG/ -4.4/5.4. We graded the quality of the evidence as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies. The review did not provide a good estimate of harms due to adverse effects in many of the trials.
This review of 58 trials found that there is very low quality evidence that it reduces pain in people who are at high risk of local anaesthetic complications. However, the size of this reduction in pain is unknown. There was no mortality in either group. There were no serious adverse events. None of the trials reported quality of life, return to normal activity, or the time to return to work. The effect of intraperitoneal injectable drugs on the proportion of people discharged as day surgery, length of hospital stay, and the risk of adverse events were imprecise. The overall quality of the evidence was very low.
In this review, we identified 74 studies that compared all types of RDTs, but we grouped them by the type of antigens they detected. Types 1 to 3 include the HRP-2 (fromP. falciparum), which is more sensitive and less specific than the pLDH (from P. malaria). Types 4 and 5 included the P. plexus antigen, which is not more sensitive but less specific. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have P. falC, Type 1 tests will miss 16 cases, and type 4 tests will wrongly miss 26 cases. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with P. fascium would be 34 with type 1 tests, and nine with Type 4. The sensitivity and specificity of all tests is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity. Quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality.
We found five studies that tested the effects of short changes in the length of consultation. All were conducted in the UK, and the studies were small. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute short-term changes to the lengths of primary care physicians' consultations. It is possible that these findings may change if more high-quality trials are reported. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effects.
This review of trials found only three small trials. All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none of the trials were from low- or middle-income countries. The studies were at a high risk of selection bias (risk of bias due to the way the studies were conducted). The studies did not show a clear advantage in virologic suppression in the included studies. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride (a lipid) levels, body fat (a fat), bone mineral density (BMD) and triglycerides (a protein). The trials did not indicate that any of the participants stopped treatment due to adverse events. There was no difference between low and high dose (high dose) of high dose stavudine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were ART experienced and all had sustained viral suppression at baseline.
This review of 10 trials (n = 1658 participants) found that an open lung strategy (where the patient was placed on an open ventilator) reduced death rates in the intensive care unit (ICU) without increasing the risk of barotrauma. However, this strategy had no effect on 28-day and hospital deaths. We found that the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was low. This was because the included trials provided co-measures (e.g. a higher PEEP, different modes and higher plateau pressure), which might have influenced results.
This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of these techniques in asthma, due to the lack of an adequate evidence base. This review was limited by the poor study quality. The results of the studies were conflicting. This may have been due to differences in the types of studies, the different types of treatments used, and the small sample sizes. However, some pooled effects were analysed. The use of 'as needed' medicines was reduced in two studies, (47 patients). There was no significant difference in FEV1 (a measure of lung function) in four studies, of 150 patients, and quality of life, measured using the Asthma Q-test, showed a positive effect in favour of CBT (48 patients), but there was no difference in depression in the studies. There was some evidence of an improvement in peak flow (measured by a chart) data in two of two studies (51 patients) but no difference following CBT. The findings of this review were not consistent across studies, and further, large, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these interventions in the treatment of asthma in adults.
In this review, we assessed the effects of antidepressants and/buprofen on the symptoms of panic disorder. We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall, which compared antidepressants and benzodiazepines as monotherapy. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the study protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. The review found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference in response rate between the two drugs. Very low- quality evidence suggested a benefit for benzodiazapine compared to antidepressants in terms of dropouts due to any cause, even if confidence interval (CI) ranges from almost no difference to benefit with benzodizapine (7 studies). We found some evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs (when looking at the number of patients experiencing adverse effects). We failed to find clinically significant differences between individual benzodazepine or TCAs. Information on adverse effects was very limited. The included studies are not sufficient to comprehensively address the objectives of the present review. Most studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. In general, based on the results of the current review, the possible role of antidepressants/benodiazepine in panic disorder should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice of which antidepressant and/or benzodazine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of antidepressants (antidepressant or benzoidiazepine) efficacy and tolerability, including data from placebo-controlled studies, as a whole. Data on long-term tolerability issues associated with
The review of trials found that there was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day death with the use of stents. There was no significant difference in risk of failure, treatment failure or complications. The addition of an anti-reflux valve (a device that reduces the risk of a flare-up of stomach acid) improved the patency of plastic stents, but their patency may not be realised. Endoscopic metal stents are the intervention of choice at present.
In this review, we included five studies with 444 children. We found that ultrasound guidance improves the first attempt and second attempt in children, but we do not know if it improves the success rate at first attempt. We also found improved success rates within two attempts (two studies). We found no studies that looked at the rate of complications. Our results suggest, but do not confirm, that ultrasound may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom first attempt catheters are more challenging. We rated the evidence for all outcomes as of moderate. This was due to the small numbers of children in the studies, the wide confidence intervals, small sample sizes and small number of events. The quality of the evidence was downgraded to moderate owing to imprecision. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018.
In this review, we included one small study (80 male students from the Netherlands) and three ITS studies (80 general population studies in Canada conducted in the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to films with a high alcohol content (mean difference (MD) -0.65 drinks; 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.2 to 0.07; p value = 0.03, very-low-quality evidence). The ITS studies found that men who watched commercials with a neutral content compared with those exposed to commercials for alcohol drank less (MD 0.73 drinks; 99% confidence intervals (CI)-1.30 to 1.16; p values of 0.01 and 0.05, respectively). Outcomes were assessed immediately after the end of the intervention (lasting 1.5 hours), so no follow-up data were available. The results from these studies were inconsistent. A meta-analysis of the two studies that evaluated the implementation of a ban showed an overall mean non-significant increase in beer consumption in the general population of 1.10% following the ban. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In the study evaluating the lifting of a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising to a partial ban on spirits advertising only, which utilised an Abrupt Auto-regressive (GRADE) model, the volume of all form of alcohol sales decreased by 11.11 kilolitres per month after the ban was lifted. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month, and spirits sales decreased statistically significantly. The quality of the evidence from the ITS studies was very low due to a high risk of bias arising from a lack of randomisation and imprecision in the results. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were reported in
This review of trials found no evidence of a difference in growth and weight gain between the high and low MCT formulas. There was no evidence that the high MCT formula had any effect on short-term growth. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to the effect of the formula on the babies' stomach. No studies were found that addressed long-term outcomes. The results from the included eight studies are imprecise, due to small numbers of infants in the trials and do not address the effects of MCT on important short- and long-time outcomes. More research is needed to clarify effects on formula tolerance, and to better evaluate effects on growth and development. The review concluded that neither formula type could be concluded to be beneficial to babies' growth, or have less adverse effects.
In this review, we included one small trial (with data from 34 women). The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to the small numbers of participants, inconsistency in the reporting, and lack of information on blinding. The trial did not report on this review's other main outcome (death, or severe illness in the baby). The evidence in this review can neither support nor refute the use of the amnioinfusion. There is not enough evidence to fully evaluate the effects of using this treatment. Further trials are needed.
Three studies met the inclusion criteria with a total of 1620 adults. There was no pooled analysis of the results. There are currently few studies assessing how well the Mini-Cog works as a screening test for people with Alzheimer’s. The studies were of limited use in that they were of poor quality. The limited number of studies and the methodological limitations that are present in the current studies make it difficult to provide recommendations for or against the use of the Mini,Cog as a cognitive screening test in community settings. Additional large well-designed studies are required in order to determine the accuracy and utility of this test.
This review of 19 studies, with a mean study length of 5.3 weeks, found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane Risk of bias tool, mainly because we found that amphetamines were no better or worse for ADHD than other drugs. We found no evidence to suggest that any of the three types of amphetamine reduced the severity of ADHD. In addition, we found low- to very low-quality evidence suggesting that all of the amphetaminers were efficacious in reducing the severity, as rated by patients, of ADHD symptoms. However, we could not rule out that one type of drug may be better for ADHD symptoms than the other. We also found no differences between the types of drug. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada. Most studies were funded by the drug industry, and two studies did not report their funding sources. The short duration of the included studies, and the short follow-up of studies, limits our confidence in the results.
This review update includes six new studies (517 patients). The total of included studies (10) now contains more than twice as many studies. The studies were diverse with regard to the type of chronic pain, the dose of vitamin D given, and the outcome measures used. Only two studies reported pain scores, and these were only for people with acute pain. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo (low quality). Adverse events and withdrawals were very infrequent, and no difference was found in vitamin D and placebo. Based on this evidence, a large benefit is unlikely. More research is needed in this area. The evidence in this review update is up-to-date as of February 2016.
The review of studies found that the use of a variety of interventions can help to improve the health of patients and their carers. In all studies, the interventions were targeted at the same person. In 12 studies, these were targeted to health professionals, in nine they were targeted in the management of care, and 20 studies targeted both. In 15 studies, nurses were added to the interventions. The review also showed that the addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health. The effect on patient outcomes remained less clear, as these were rarely assessed. The quality of the studies was often poor.
This review of five trials, with a total of 1503 women aged 25 years and younger, found that there was not enough evidence to be sure that one method was better than another for birth control. The trials compared the following types of methods: LNG-IUS (LNG-iUS) versus the combined oral contraceptive (COC), transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day; LNG,IUS 12 µg or 16 µg versus LNG. The studies did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group assigned to the LNG -IUS 20 (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.85), which may have little clinic relevance. The trial comparing two different types of contraceptive methods, the study arms were not significantly different for contraceptive effectiveness or continuation in the two studies. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. In the trials comparing the two different methods, there did not appear to be any difference in effectiveness or continued use between the two groups. In three trials that examined different LNGs, continuation was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. In another study, continuation of the L NG appeared at least as high as that for the COC. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
The review of trials found that there was a reduction in the use of asthma medicines, and in the symptoms of the asthma. There was no consistent effect on lung function. There were 42 trials of immunotherapy for house mite allergy; 27 trials of allergen allergy; 10 animal dander trials; two Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex and six trials looking at multiple allergens. The trials were generally of poor quality.
We did not find any new studies for inclusion in this update. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials with 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of biased. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-term outcomes. The effects on death at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay are unknown, although it cannot be ruled out that lower tidal volumes reduce death.
We searched for studies that compared the use of prop of the intravenous route with that of sevoflurane. We found 15 studies, with 1833 participants. We did not find any evidence of high quality. The results from two trials suggest that the time needed to follow verbal commands, that is, time to emergence from anaesthesia, was longer with isofluranne (mean difference (MD) -3.29 minutes, 95% CI -5.41 to -1.18). However, we also found no differences in the risk of shivering or pain. Pooled analyses for adverse events suggest lower risk of nausea and vomiting with propofol than with either is ofluranes (risk ratio (RR) 0.68, 95%, CI 0.51 to 0.91), and greater risk of adverse events (harms) with both techniques (RR 0.45, 95%), but no difference when compared with the inhalational technique of using a mixture of propofurane and sev ofluronne to provide early emergence from the anaesthesia. Pooling analyses for brain relaxation suggest less risk of tense brain (RR 1.85, 95%). The results should be interpreted with caution. The finding of our review is that the intravenus technique is not different from the inhalous technique. Adverse events with both methods are also comparable. However, these results are from a limited number of studies. The quality of evidence was low. More trials are needed. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization (e.g. blinding), and trials should be adequately powered.
In this review, four trials were identified. The trials included 15,936 patients with a mean blood pressure of 171/86 mmHg. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171.4 mmHG. The average age of the patients was 75.4 years. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660) and there was considerable heterogeneity between the trials. There was no convincing evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. Analysis of the included studies in this review was problematic as many of the control subjects received antihypertensive treatment because their blood pressures exceeded pre-set values. In most cases the study became a comparison between the study drug against a usual antihysterensive regimen. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the number number of placebo patients who received active treatment. This introduced bias.
In this review we included 12 trials with 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias was unclear for most articles due to a lack of reported data. The authors determined that this would not be likely to impact on the results, as most data outcomes were objective. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCRA/PTCA in complex lesions. In complex lesions, there were no differences at six months (RR 1.05; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.83 to 1.33), and at one-year follow-up in those receiving PTCA with adjunctive balloon angioplasty (PTCRA or PTCAs) compared to those receiving angioplastasty alone. Compared to angioplanasty alone, PTC RA/P TCA did not result in a higher incidence of major adverse cardiac events, but patients were more likely to experience vascular spasm, perforation and transient vessel occlusion. In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTCa), PTCra may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. There is limited published evidence and no long-term data to support the routine use of in-stent re-stenosis.
In this review, three studies were identified. Two of these studies included only children who had been diagnosed with a virus from the nose. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU), or improve clinical outcomes. There was no difference in side effects. The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use of nebulised rhDNase for the treatment of acute bronchioitis. It might have a role in severe bronchiolitis, in which the bronchial lining breaks down, caused by atelectasis, but further studies would need to be performed.
We found two studies with a total of 181 patients. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, how the study was carried out, and how the patients were selected. The second study was a larger study, with few sources of bias, and good methodology. We observed no difference in the number of deaths, aneurysm exclusion, wound infection and long-term (six month) (blood) complications between the groups. There was a difference in surgery time between groups, with the percutaneous method faster than the cut-down technique. We found no differences in the major complication rate between groups. The quality of the evidence for death, major complications and bleeding complications and haematoma was moderate. We judged the evidence to be of high-quality for bleeding complications, and of moderate- or low- or unclear-quality evidence for the other outcomes. The evidence was limited by the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. As the included studies were limited, further research into this technique would be beneficial. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
In this review, two trials were identified. The sponge was less effective in both trials in preventing overall pregnancy. In the larger USA trial, the 12-month combined life-table abortion rates were 17.4 for the sponge and 12.8 for the diaphragm in the UK trial. Similarly, at 12 months the discontinuation rates were higher with the sponge than with the diapragm. Women with allergic reactions were more common with the the sponge, although the reasons for stopping for discomfort differed. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides as a means of preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
This review found no strong evidence to support the use of any non-drug treatments (drugs or behavioural therapy) in the prevention or amelioration of cognitive deficits. There is some evidence that there is a role for memantine (an antiepileptic) in preventing cognitive deficits for adults with brain metastases receiving cranial irradiation, and that donepezil (an anti-cancer drug) may have a role in treating cognitive deficits in adults with primary or metastatic brain tumours who have been treated with brain irradiation. However, more research is needed to confirm these findings. Further research that tries to minimise the withdrawal of consent, and subsequently reduce the requirement for imputation procedures, may offer a higher quality of evidence. Non-randomised studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. There were a number of limitations across studies but few without high risks of bias.
In this review, we assessed the effects of laser treatment compared to a placebo (fake treatment). We found two studies, with 26 patients. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment. There was some evidence of an improvement in the quality of life of the patients, and a reduction in the severity of the nerve injury. The results of the studies were imprecise, and the overall quality of the evidence was very low. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effect of different treatments for this injury. These trials should include measures of pain, ability to eat, speaking or taste.
We found two trials (281 pregnancies and 282 foetuses) that met our criteria. One study was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage. The study did not report on any of our other main outcomes. The second study (based on pregnant women who had had IVF) showed no differences between the treatment group and the no treatment group. There is an increased risk of maternal cancer in mothers. However, for the outcome of cancer other than that of the uterus, there was no difference between groups. In terms of this review's secondary outcomes, use of combined oestrogen and progestogen did not reduce the risk of low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital problems in the offspring, or cancer in the reproductive system in the mother. There were no differences in rates of preterm birth or other secondary outcomes. There was no evidence from randomised trials to assess the use of the combined hormone progestin and the combined progesterone for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area. The two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that combining trial data was considered inappropriate.
This review of fourteen studies (16 comparisons) of both TCAs and SSRIs showed that both classes of drugs are equally well-tolerated in primary care. The number of participants in the studies was 1364, of which 919 were in the placebo groups. Nearly all studies were short-term (6-8 weeks) and of short duration. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 63% to 26% (median 8.5) and for SSRIS from 7 to 8 (7.7 to 8.8 NNT) respectively. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. For SSRIMs this was 1.28, 95 CI 1.15 to 1.43.. The NNT for both groups ranged from 7.7 NNT to 9.9 NNT. The total number of people withdrawing from the studies due to side effects (NNH) ranged from 4 to 30 (excluding three studies with no harmful events leading to withdrawal) and 20 to 90 (NNH) for SSRI groups.
We found nine studies (4373 people, 5223 attacks), which were all of good quality. The studies were of moderate or high quality, and all were of single dose. We found no new studies since the last version of this review. The results of the included studies suggest that, compared with placebo or other active drugs, ibuprofen 400 mg is better than placebo, and better than standard tablets, for 2-hour headache relief. About half of people with acute migraine headaches experienced complete headache relief, but not for 24-hour sustained headache relief (24-hour pain-free). The higher dose was better than the lower dose, but it did not provide more rapid relief. Similar numbers of people experienced mild and transient adverse events, which were mostly mild and temporary, with placebo. No studies used a self-treatable antiemetic. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2014.
In this review, we assessed the quality of the trials as low due to high risks of bias among trials, and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias. OTC artificial tears may be safe and effective means for treating dry eye syndrome; however, the literature indicates that the majority of OTC synthetic tears may have similar efficacies. This conclusion could be greatly skewed by the inconsistencies in study designs and inconsistencies in reporting trial results.
One randomised trial in 136 patients studied whether or not the drug lamivudine is maintained after the first-line drug is stopped. There was no difference in the proportion of patients with HIV who had their viral loads reduced. Two other randomised trials (both of low quality) also did not show a difference in virological suppression. There were no trials identified of boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or other types of second-line treatment in patients who fail their first treatment. Observational studies of populations starting antiretroviral therapy in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimens is encouraging. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
In this review, we included 133 studies (127 cohort type and 6 case-control) of adults with a total of 844,206 patients. We found that all of the tests we looked at had low to moderate sensitivity. We could only estimate that the upper lip bite test, the most accurate test, was the best test for diagnosing the presence of a difficult face mask. For the other tests, we found that they had high sensitivity. For difficult face face mask, we could only calculate that the test had the highest specificity. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for the different domains. We mostly observed low-risk bias (low-certainty) for the studies for the patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk (bias) of the reference standard and index test. All studies were well-designed, and the quality of the studies was high. The studies were of good quality. We did not have enough data to be able to make any conclusions about the use of screening tests in adults with no apparent anatomical airway problems. In the future, future research is needed to develop tests with high-specificity to make them more useful. The 27 studies in 'Studies awaiting classification' may alter the conclusions of the review, once we have assessed them. The standard bedside examination tests should be interpreted with caution, as they do not appear to be good screening tests.
In this review, the effect size of the probiotics was compared with no effect. The trials varied in the duration, the number of children, and the length of the illness. The studies were done in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in the types of organisms tested and the dosage of the antibiotics. No adverse events were observed. The results of the trials showed a clear reduction in the number and duration of days of acute diarrhoea. The effect was found to be greater in infants and young children. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups. Probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency in acute infection.
In this review, we included only one study that compared the short term (up to six months) and medium-term (12 months) effects of this newly-formulated therapy. This study was of 'pilot' quality. The study included 52 people. The duration of the study was 18 months. The single study examined the short-term, medium term (between six and 12 months), and long-term effects of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care. The results of the single study were mixed. The short term effects of the intervention favoured the intervention group in both the short, medium, and long term. Results concerning engagement with social functioning and mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits of the approach. Results for the adverse effects/events of death (measured by 12 months) favoured the control group. Results of people leaving the study early favoured the interventions in both short term, but with no statistical significance. Skewed results were available for mental state (psychological and service use), mental health, mental health services, and costs. Further research is needed. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach. The quality of the included study was very low. This means that the results may not be reliable.
We found eight studies, five of which had a classic design, and one new published study. The studies were of high quality. Five (3283 participants) had a 'classic design', in which people were randomised at the start of the study to treatment (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or a placebo (placebo). The other two studies (1492 participants) were 'EERW' design. The results are similar to other effective medicines in fibromyalgia. We found that the number of people (about 10% more than placebo) with moderate or severe pain (at least 50% pain intensity) over 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment (450 mg: RR 1.8, 95% CI 1.4 to 2.1) was increased by about 14% with placebo (high quality evidence). The number of participants (22% to 24%) with at least 30% pain relief (300 to 600 mg:RR 1.5, 95%) was about 10% higher with placebo, but about 11% more (39% to 43%) of participants with the active treatment. The degree of pain relief is known to be accompanied by improvements in other pain-related symptoms (elevation in quality of life, and function). We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. Of those randomised, 40% had MTR with the pregabalin and 20% with the placebo. About 10 of the initial population would have achieved the outcome, similar to the result from studies of classic design. A small study (177 participants) compared a single dose (daily) with a two dose (nightly) of the active drug, and concluded there was no difference in effect. A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC (very much, or very much improved), but the number needed to harm of 3.7 to 7.4, 18 or 19 respectively for all
In this review we included one trial with 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term. The trial did not report any of this review's outcomes. There was no significant difference between the groups in Apgar score less than seven (a test of the baby’s growth) at five minutes (mean difference (MD) -0.20 weeks; 95% CI -0). There were no significant differences seen between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage (a drop in the baby's head), caesarean section (RR 0.80) or the number of women who had an Apgar of at least seven at birth (MD 0.99; 95%). There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the magnesium sulphate group than in the placebo group. However, no differences in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment were observed. There is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphates when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus. High-quality randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the safety profile and neurological outcomes for the preterm fetus. Strategies to reduce maternal side-effects during treatment also require evaluation. An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment. The included trial was at a low risk of bias and was of high quality.
In this review, four studies met all of the criteria for the review. Two used combination therapies (drugs, counselling, and behavioural therapies), whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behavioural (CBT) through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a statistically and clinically significant effect in favour of the intervention (risk ratio 1.43, 95%CI 1.03 to 1.98, p=0.032), however following analysis, the results were not statistically significant. A significant health disparity exists, whereby Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions, despite the known success of these interventions in non-Indigenous populations. Due to this lack of published investigations, the external validity of this review is limited, as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results.
We found 13 studies (5686 patients). All 13 studies reported some type of hospital death. We considered studies of high risk surgery patients (eight studies) and patients in general ICU (five studies). The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality for the studies of general ICUs and high-risk surgery patients was 1.02 (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.96 to -1.09). Of the eight studies of patients in intensive care, there was no difference in mortality when these studies were examined separately. We did not find that use of a PAC did not alter the mortality, general ICUS or hospital LOS, or cost. Four studies, conducted in the United States (US), reported costs based on hospital charges billed, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Two of these studies qualified for analysis. The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias.
This review of six studies (n = 478) of variable quality found that the use of a sweet tasting (salty) solution reduces the pain experienced by the baby during blood sampling. The use of the sweet tasting solution may also reduce the need for repeat skin punctures. Further well designed randomised controlled trials, in settings where several people are involved, should be conducted to determine the best method of blood sampling for this procedure.
This review of two small studies, which included 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected wound at the point of entry, found that there was insufficient evidence to either support or refute the use of secondary suturing for the management of broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia (a secondary outcome measure for this review) at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between both groups; two months, (RR 0.44 and CI 0.18 to 1.11, one trial, 26 women). This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months (RR 35). Significantly more women in the Secondary suturist group had resumed intercourse by six months. Neither of the trials included data in favour of the following prespecified secondary outcome measures: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression.
We found 18 studies with 2521 people. Most Chinese medicinal herbs were shown to be effective in preventing flu and in treating symptoms. There were no obvious side effects. The quality of the studies was poor. The included studies were too small to be able to draw any conclusions. More studies with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
In this review, 8 studies (580 patients) were included in the search. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad study criteria, low numbers of patients enrolled, and industry involvement. No two studies compared the same treatments. There is no evidence to support the use of thrombolytic agents in the acute setting. Based on low certainty evidence, there is low evidence to suggest that the treatment of catheter blockage using a clot-busting drug may be as good as the drug itself. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study. The evidence is insufficient to suggest which of these approaches is better in terms of ensuring that patients are able to continue to have normal haemoglobin levels, or to reduce adverse events. There was no evidence that any of the therapies was better than the other. There were no data available to suggest the most effective dose or method of giving the drug. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies. Most studies had a high rate of bias. Further research is required to address the question of the most efficacious technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials (2674 patients) of the addition of one or more drugs to the regimen. There were 1532 deaths in the trials. There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR (95% CI 0.81 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no significant heterogeneity. We found no difference in time to progression between these regimens, with the overall HR of 0.93 (95%) and no major heterogeneity. The addition of a drug to the treatment regimen was favourably associated with overall tumour response rates (odds ratio 1.21, 95%) although we observed significant heterogeneity for this outcome across the trials, where measured, acute side effects were more common.
Ten studies with a total of 1896 patients were included. There is some evidence that patients discharged from a NLU are better prepared for discharge. It is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of stay in hospital. There was no difference in the number of deaths and length of inpatient stay. No adverse effects were noted. More research is needed. Costs of care on the NLU were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies.
In this review, we included 11 studies, with 414 people with CTS. Two trials compared ultrasound with a placebo, two compared one type of ultrasound with another, and six compared the use of ultrasound as part of a non-surgical intervention with another non- surgical intervention. The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies. Only two studies reported short-term overall improvement. One low quality trial found that when compared with placebo, patients may be more likely to experience overall improvement at the end of seven weeks treatment. However, losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low quality study found that at three months post-treatment therapeutic ultrasound plus splint increased the chance of overall improvement (patient satisfaction) compared with splint alone, but this result was not statistically significant for symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters. No studies reported any adverse effects of therapeutic ultrasound, but these outcomes were only measured in three studies. More adverse effects data are required before any firm conclusions on the safety of ultrasound for CTS can be made. There is only poor quality evidence from very limited data to suggest that therapeutic ultrasound is more effective than placebo for either short- or long-term symptom improvement in people with chronic wrist pain.
In this review, we included eight studies, with a total of 10,000 adults. The active interventions were: (1) a statin (patent: statin no longer in use), (2) a placebo (dummy): statins that have no effect on stroke, and (3) a clofibrate (a hormone). There was no evidence that statins reduced the risk of stroke. There is evidence that patients with ischaemic stroke or TIA, with or without a history of heart disease, should be given statins. There were no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke. In view of this, statin therapy in patients with a previous history of coronary heart disease should be considered.
This review found that there is evidence that mass media campaigns can help to change smoking in adults, but the results come from a diverse group of studies of variable methodological quality. Among the seven large-scale campaigns of the USA, which showed a decrease in tobacco consumption, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed positive effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the campaign. Another (California) showed results during the period of adequate funding and implementation and in final evaluation since the beginning of the programme. No consistent relationship was observed between the effectiveness of the campaign and age, education, ethnicity or gender. The intensity and duration of the campaigns may influence effectiveness, but length of follow-up and concurrent secular trends and events can make this difficult to quantify.
This review of 24 studies with a total of 2166 people found that yoga might be helpful in the short- and medium-term. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to some other types of exercise. There was not enough evidence to say whether yoga was safe. Yoga did not appear to reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances, and it had no short-term effects on health- or sleep disturbances. No serious adverse events were reported.
We found one study that compared early brain imaging within 48 hours of surgery with no brain imaging. The study was of 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma (GBM: a type of glioma that starts in the brain). Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgery followed by combined radiotherapy/temozolomide treatment. We found no evidence on the effects of other types of imaging strategies. The evidence from this study is of very low certainty. The results of the study suggest little or no difference in survival (deaths) at one year after surgery, and no difference between early and no early brain scans. No other review outcomes were assessed. We did not find evidence on whether the timing of the brain imaging could affect survival. In addition, we were unable to find any evidence on how the different imaging strategies compare with each other. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in gliomatous cancer seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence. The limited evidence suggesting that early post-operative brain imaging among GBM patients who will receive combined treatment for gliomatosis needs to be further researched. As early imaging also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. Mathematical modelling of a large patient database could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of glooma, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other prognostic factors.
In this review, we included three studies with 161 people with schizophrenia. There was no clear difference between the two drugs for the main outcome of improvement in global state. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of the review, such as readmission due to relapse (reoccurrence), satisfaction with treatment, or costs. The evidence was of very low quality. The need to determine whether metiapine is more or less effective than chlorpromazine seems to be lacking. Future research on this topic seems unlikely.
This review of trials found that the use of antibiotics, mesalamine and azathioprine/6-MP and that the immune system suppressive agents infliximab, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post-operatively prophylaxis.
We found seven trials with a total of 885 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one trial), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of psychological interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions can be made because of the paucity of the data and the low quality of the retrieved studies. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias.
This review found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. We found no new trials for inclusion when we searched for trials in 2014. The trials were of low quality. The most commonly used dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg daily). The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described how the trials were run and how the participants were assigned to treatment. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. Compared to placebo (20 trials, n = 1140), the use of the drug, quinine (200 mg or 500 mg), compared to placebo, vitamin E (four trials, 543), vitamin E alone, a quininespear (three trials, 510), and a quineine-theophylline (one trial, 77), and xylocaine (two trials, 24) was found to be more effective than placebo. There is low quality evidence that the dosage of the drugs reduced cramp number over two weeks (by 28%). There was no significant difference in the duration of cramp days (cramp duration was not affected). There were more minor adverse events (injury) on the drugs compared with placebo (3% on a 0% to 6% risk), mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. There were no major adverse events. One person suffered from a blood clot in the leg (0% risk). A combination of vitamin E, vitamin A, and a single dose (2% on 0.12% risk) was not significantly better or worse than placebo in terms of adverse effects, and the effects of injections of a single muscle-lung muscle into the stomach muscle (1% to 2%). There is moderate quality evidence from single trials that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious adverse events is not significantly greater than for placebo, but because serious adverse effects can be rarely fatal, in some
In this review, we found seven trials (five parallel, two cross the over), enrolling a total of 406 adults. Three trials enrolled women with pregnant leg cramps (N = 202) and four trials enrolling idiopathics (n = 322) with a cross-over group. The trials were small, not very large, and did not find any difference in the number of cramps per week. We could not determine how many of the people in the trials had minor adverse events, but studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is not possible to say whether or not magnesium reduces cramps in older adults. In contrast for those with rest cramps, the literature is conflicting. We found no trials that looked at magnesium for muscle cramps or disease state cramps. The quality of the evidence was moderate for cramps of the leg, and low or moderate for the other outcomes. This was due to the small number of trials and participants, and the fact that the trials were not of high quality. Further research in this patient group is needed. The single trial that compared magnesium to no treatment failed to find any benefit on a scale of overall treatment. The two trials compared to placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on cramps and the other found benefit for both. No adverse events were reported in the studies. The evidence in this review is current to September 2014.
One study was included in the review. The study was conducted in 14 people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of the people in the study did not achieve the intended exercise program. The trial used a range of measures of function. People in the training group had an improvement in walking distance on the test, but the change in distance was not different from the difference in the usual care group. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT). The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in the HFMSE score (a scale of motor function) was 2 points in the intervention group, with no change in the control group. No serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low. This is because of study limitations and imprecise results. We need well-designed and well-powered studies, which meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people with type 3 SMA, and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition. It is uncertain whether combined strength and aerobic exercise training is beneficial or harmful in people of SMA type 3, as the quality of evidence is very low, and the results of the study were at a high risk of bias.
Two small trials (N = 149) were included. In both trials, there were problems with the way the patients were allocated to treatment groups. One trial found that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy or cervical corsets. There is little or no difference in the effects of surgery for myelopathy. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it. There is very low quality evidence that patients with mildly functional deficit (a condition in which the participants do not have enough function) feel subjectively better short-term, but there is little or no difference in the long-term. Both small trials had significant risks of bias. It is unclear whether the short-term risks of surgery are offset by benefits in the long- term.
Nine studies were found. Six studies compared the use of telephone calls by different types of health care workers; four by a doctor, one by a nurse and one by clinic clerk. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to doctors but two found an increase. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. Seven studies looked at the number of visits to the emergency department. Six showed no difference between the groups. Two studies reported deaths and found no difference in visits. One study, of nurse telephone consultation, found an increased increase in visits compared with normal care. However, there are questions about its effects on service use, safety, cost and patient satisfaction.
This review of 84 trials (22,872 people) showed that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. At four or more months follow-up, we found effects in favour of MI for the quantity of alcohol consumed, frequency of alcohol consumption, and peak blood alcohol concentration, or BAC. However, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI.
This review includes 29 studies (n = 2210), although not all of these studies reported relevant or useable data. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of bias, which meant that we were uncertain about the results. Most of the evidence was of low quality. We found no evidence about harms. In most studies, how and when asthma technique was assessed appeared to affect whether inhaler technique improved and by how much. For both adults and children, the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique were more useful than checklist scores. We classified studies into three groups: enhanced face-to-face (e.g. a session in a class) training session(s) with a video or computer program, and multi-media training (a DVD, computer app or game). Differences between interventions, populations and outcome measures limited our ability to pool results. Some studies did not report asthma attacks in a way that could be included in the analyses. Others provided inconclusive results. We did not find evidence to support the use of enhanced training for adults, and it was not clear whether the benefit was seen in children. Most included studies provided some benefit for asthma control and quality of life. However, these results were based on few and smaller studies. Inhaler technique training did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits. We considered most of the studies to be of low or very low quality, meaning that the results may not be reliable. More research is needed.
Three small trials were included. One trial compared the effect of the treatment with no treatment, and the other two trials compared the effects of the drug with the treatment of ischaemic stroke. Data on the main outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. The change in symptoms was reported in two trials, and in the larger ICH trial, the death and disability could be measured in the trial. There was not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannitol in acute stroke patients. Further trials are needed to confirm or refute the beneficial or harmful effects of this drug.
This review of six trials, with 425 patients, compared to 258 patients, found that the drug, D-penicillamine, improves rheumatoid arthritis symptoms and improves tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. Its effects on long-term disease status, radiological progression and adverse events are not clear from this review. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity.
In this review, we included four studies, all of low quality. All of them were of low methodological quality. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs. There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients with nausea (nausea), vomiting (vomiting) & leucopenia (womb redness) in patients treated with Huangqi compounds. The results suggest that decoctions of Huangqi herbs may stimulate the production of immune cells, and decrease side effects in patients with chemotherapy. Due to the limitations of the studies, there is no robust demonstration of benefit. We need high-quality randomised controlled studies in this area.
In this review, we included three trials with 866 adults with RP of all forms. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one of the other two trials evaluated DHA alone, and a third of the three trials compared DHA with vitamin A. None of the RCTs had protocols available, so there was an unclear risk of bias. All three trials were graded as low-risk trials. The primary outcome, mean change of visual field, was not reported. No adverse events were reported in these three trials. Based on the results of three trials, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with Vitamin A and/or DHA for people with RP, in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG amplitudes, and the mean difference between treatment arms. No trial reported a benefit on the progression of visual loss. Two of the studies in this review reported changes in ERG amplitude, but these results have not been replicated or confirmed by findings in any of the trials.
In this review we included three trials with a total of 414 workers at risk of job loss. The duration or dose of the interventions was varied from two one-to-one sessions over five months (one trial), to six to eight one-on-one or two- to three- to-three-week sessions over six months (also one trial). The majority of participants had IA, most with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). The trials aimed to prevent job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning in several ways. One was to improve work changes or adaptations (e.g. changes to work tasks) and the other by providing any type of vocational counselling, advice or education. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. We found very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the two included trials, one (n = 242 participants) reported a large reduction in job loss (relative risk (RR) = 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.18 to 0.68), the other reported similar effects (RR = 1.05, 95%) and we judged it to have a high risk of bias. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results. Finally, in the same small trial, there was a moderate improvement of work functioning (six months). We identified no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. This review highlights that further high quality RCTs are required, the results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective.
We found three studies that included a total of 285 infants. We assessed the quality of the three studies as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC (any stage) among preterm neonates (140 received the treatment) in the control group. The number needed to treat for an additional outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent NEC ( any stage) was 6. Study results showed a significant reduction in NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%). The risk of development of NEC stage 2 and 3 was significantly reduced in the group of infants with the treatment. Results showed that the risk of death due to any cause was not significantly different between the control or no treatment groups. The quality of evidence from one study was moderate. The results of the present study did not show that administration of arginine to preterm infants may prevent NEC. Because of the small number of studies and the small sample size, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A large study that is focused on NEC at more severe stages (2 and 3) is needed.
In this review, we found four studies with 1943 participants. The trials were of high quality and studied INCS versus placebo or no treatment. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms. In the higher doses of INCS, mometasone furoate (400 µg/l) was more effective than placebo (66.4%; risk ratio (RR) 1.11; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1). Higher doses of InCS were also better than placebo. No major adverse events were found and there was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of low doses of the antiplatelet drug, vancomycin, in very low birth weight infants. The review of trials found that, compared with placebo, low dose of the drug, in low blood counts, reduced the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcal sepsitis in eligible preterm infants. Mortality, length of stay, and evidence of adverse effects were not significantly different between the two groups. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials.
We found only small, poor quality trials on this topic. There were no trials on the use of topical agents (e.g. foam) and the choice of dressing or topical agent for wounds healing by secondary intention was made by chance.
In 2014, we added seven trials for a new total of 11 trials. Five reports were published before 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. They included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (four studies), and three studied a LNG-IUS. The evidence was limited for any particular method. Most trials did not report any differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk volume, or infant growth. For breast milk duration, two of eight trials reported a negative effect on breast milk lactation. A COC study showed a lower percentage of women in the hormonal IUD (the levonorgestrels) group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the non-hormone group. One trial did not quantify results. Two older studies showed lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. The other showed lower means (mL) for the group, e.g. at 16 weeks (24 weeks). Another four trials showed no significant difference between groups in milk volume or composition. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater weight gain (grams) for a COC versus no method for six weeks (6 to 12 weeks). The others studied POPs, or COCs versus POPs. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo controlled trials. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data. Five of the 11 trials (included in the analysis) showed no difference in breast milk length between groups. Of four trials that assessed infant growth, three indicated no difference. One showed weight gain in the etonogestrel implant group versus no methods but less compared with depot medication. Results were not consistent across the 11 studies.
We found 10 controlled studies from Australia and the USA. Most studies did not adjust for regression to the mean (RTM), or for spillover effects. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for RTM. Total crashes: the only study that adjusted for both reported a rate ratio of 0.71 (95% CI to 0.55, 0.93); for three that partially adjusted for the RTM but failed to consider spillover, rate ratio was 0.87 (95%), one that made no adjustments had a rate of 0.80 (95%) and the pooled rate ratio from the five studies with no adjustments was 0.74 (95%). The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific casualty collision types and violations. The play of chance could be explained by the chance. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
The review authors found four trials with 494 adult patients with acute blood clots aged 18 years or older. Three studies involving 383 participants were included. One study showed that the use of a 10-mg (5-mg loading dose) warfarin-nomogram (injecting a clot-dissolving drug) increased the number of patients who had achieved a therapeutic INR (i.e. the number needed to treat) by day five. Another study showed a 5-mg load in patients with VTE. A third study showed no effect. In patients with mild to moderate acute blood clot, no difference was observed in major bleeding at 14 to 90 days, or in length of hospital stay. No difference was seen in recurrent venous bleeding at 90 days when the 10 mg load was compared with the 5 mg load. No differences in minor bleeding was observed. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low, mainly because of differences in types of study patients and length of follow-up.
We found seven trials with a total of 555 people. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the in hospital setting with usual care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model at home after discharge with standard care. None of the included trials were designed for people with dementia, therefore the data in the review were from subgroups of people with either dementia or other cognitive impairment participating in randomised controlled trials. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias. As the trials were small, the analyses lacked power to detect differences between groups. There were some differences between the groups in some of the comparisons. The certainty of the evidence for all outcomes was very low. There was low-certainty that enhanced care (for example, enhanced care provided in the hospital) may reduce rates of people who have a delirium, and there was also limited evidence that some of these models may lead to shorter hospital stays. We were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence for our other primary outcome of daily living. Data were available from only a small number of trials, and the certainty of these results is low.
We found seven studies, with a total of 840 children. The studies were diverse. No significant differences were found in health outcomes; two studies reported that children with acute and chronic illnesses who received home-based nursing services had a shorter length of hospital stay. Three studies reported a reduction in parental distress, improved parental coping and improved child behaviours. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers. However, the cost savings for the family were substantial. One study revealed no significant cost benefits. No adverse impact was found. Overall, the results of the studies show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes. Further trials are required, measuring health, parental satisfaction and long-term costs.
We found 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with 7524 people. We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM (where care is provided by a team) versus standard care, and non-ICM. The evidence is current to September 2016. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. When ICM was compared with standard care for the outcome service use, ICM slightly reduced the number of days in hospital per month (low-quality evidence). Similarly, for the outcomes global state and adverse events, the evidence showed that ICM may reduce hospitalisation and increase retention in social care. It also globally improved mental functioning, although ICM's effect on mental state and quality of life remains valuable. However, the quality of the evidence was very low due to uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment due to very low-quality of evidence. For the outcome social functioning, there was uncertainty about whether ICM had an effect on unemployment compared to standard care. For both outcomes, the overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
The results of this review are threatened by both risks of bias (play of chance), as well as the risk of bias in the trials. The results of the review suggest that when a young trainee is given a box model, the time to complete the task was shorter. There was no significant difference in the time taken to complete this task. There were no trials comparing box model training with no training. None of the other outcomes such as death and illness were adequately reported. The impacts of this decreased time on patients and healthcare funders, in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs, are unknown. There appears to be no significant differences in the improvement of technical skills between the methods of box training. Further trials of low risk of biases (bias) and random errors (error in play of chance) are necessary. Such trials should assess the impacts of box model trained trainees on surgical skills in both the short and long term, as well on clinical outcomes when the trainee becomes competent to operate.
This review of two trials found no evidence to support or refute the use of steroids in the peroral route to the biliary tract. There is no evidence from the two trials that peroral steroids have any beneficial effects. In fact the application of steroids via a tube seems to induce severe adverse effects. The review concludes that there is no strong evidence for or against peroral corticosteroids for patients with cholangitis. More research is needed.
This review of 11 trials suggests that early feeding may be linked to a trend towards better outcomes, in terms of survival. Further trials are required.
This is a review of the evidence from 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 people. Forty one studies (42 comparisons with 19,241 people) used the 'B' method, which is a way to measure whether the intervention is effective. The studies were of moderate- to high risk of bias. The main sources of bias were from the way in which people in the studies were randomised, and from the fact that most of the studies had a small number of participants. There was no evidence of an association between reporting theory use and the effect of the interventions. There is evidence from 15 studies (10,862 people) that people who engaged with a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly less than people who received no or minimal interventions. Fifteen studies (3587 people) showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention controls. In 15 studies, 9791 people drank one unit per month less than no intervention control participants. The evidence for the effects of digital interventions on alcohol consumption was of moderate quality. The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with reduced alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from these interventions. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (6% of 20). Over half of the trials (21 trials) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. Only five small studies (390 participants) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. Limited reporting of theory use was unrelated to heterogeneity in intervention effectiveness. Thus, digital alcohol interventions produced broadly similar outcomes in these studies. There were no differences in alcohol consumption at end of follow up. The quality of evidence from fewer studies suggested
We found 24 studies with a total of 4233 people, of which 2124 were randomised to a benzodiazepine, 1475 to placebo, and the remaining 634 people to other active treatments. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low for both efficacy and acceptability. We found that, compared with placebo, a possible advantage of benzodiazines was seen for the short-term treatment of panic disorders. However, the dropout rate was lower among participants treated with benzodizines. We also found that a higher proportion of participants experienced at least one adverse effect when treated with a benzidiazepine compared to placebo. The quality of evidence for the other outcomes was low. With the exception of the analyses of the change score data for depression and social functioning, all secondary outcome analyses showed an effect in favour of benzidiazines. The number of dropouts due to adverse effects was higher with benzdiazepines than with placebo. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzadiazepines versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. Furthermore, the clinician's choice is not between benzodazines and placebo, but between other agents, notably SSRIs, both in terms of efficacy and adverse effects. The choice of treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-term perspective. The validity of the included studies is questionable due to possible unmasking of allocated treatments, high dropout rates, and probable publication bias. The included studies were only short term studies and did not examine the long term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms.
In this review we identified 13 small trials (1520 people) that were of short duration (one year or less) and had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias. All studies had follow-up of one year. There was some suggestion of benefits of tai chi on blood pressure, cholesterol, and triglycerides, but the results of the studies were not consistent. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. Due to the limited evidence available, it is not possible to draw any conclusions as to the effects of Tai Chi for the prevention of CVD. There are currently no long-term trials of TAI on CVD, and further studies are needed.
In this review, we looked at the evidence from studies that looked at family-based programmes to stop children and teenagers starting to smoke. We found that there were a lot of different types of programmes. Most of these programmes were very intensive and targeted at the family. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to a control group that was receiving no treatment. There was some evidence that the programmes might reduce the risk of the children starting to use tobacco, but the results were not conclusive. There is moderate quality evidence to suggest that a family intervention might reduce uptake of tobacco, and the likelihood of starting smoking. The evidence is therefore strong for high-intensity programmes used independently of school interventions. Based on this evidence, the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. The main limitations of the evidence were that the studies did not report enough information to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of the programmes.
This review found three studies, with a total of 451 adult cancer patients. Two of the studies (127 participants) compared a steroid medicine (dexamethasone) to placebo, and the third study (280 participants) tested a number of other steroids (metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron) in various combinations. The studies ranged in length, from seven to 14 days. The results of this review show that, compared with placebo, steroids given to adults with cancer for nausea and vomiting at eight days resulted in less nausea. However, the result was not statistically significant. The frequency of adverse events was not significant. There were few studies assessing the effects of corticosteroids on nausea, and these were of very low quality. Further high quality studies are needed to determine if steroids are efficacious in this setting. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels. This review found very low-quality evidence which neither supported nor refuted the use of steroids in adult cancer.
In this review, we included 10 studies of children at high risk of LRTIs. Three studies were of children with HIV (n = 1345), four of them with cystic disease and one each sickle cell disease (N = 219), cancer (inn = 160) and low birth weight neonates (in = 40). The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence from the studies, which were of moderate to high quality, was mixed. There was no evidence of increased risk of adverse events due to the use of antibiotics (two studies). There was a significant reduction in the frequency of pulmonary exacerbations (one study). In two studies, there was no significant difference in the incidence of pulmonary tuberculosis (one trial). In the one study that used a co-trimoxazole (an antibiotic) prophylaxis, a significant decrease in Pneumocystis carinii (a type of pneumonia) was reported. In one study, there were no significant differences in the rates of hospital admission per child year. In the two studies assessing the effect on growth, the effect of antibiotics on the growth of children (ciprofloxacin (two trials), azithromycin (three trials), and penicillin V) was inconsistent. There is no evidence that antibiotics prevent the emergence of pathogenous strains in children. There were insufficient data to assess adverse events.
We found nine studies that randomised people with a total of 519 participants. Three of the studies were at low risk of bias. There were no serious adverse events related to either the gas or the air. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score (1 to 10) with less pain) with nitrous oxide (three studies; 196 participants). The effects of nitrous gas and carbon dioxide (two studies; 140 people) on the number of people with heart problems, or on the risk of complications, were unclear. There was no evidence to suggest that room air (one trial) was better than carbon dioxide. The studies did not state the number or duration of the surgery. The quality of the evidence is very low. The evidence of lower costs and reduced pain with room air compared with carbon dioxide, and the safety of room air, helium, and room air has yet to be established. Further trials are needed, and should compare various gases (i.e. nitrous, helium (five trials), argon, nitrogen, and Room air) with standard pressure (two trials; 108 participants). Future trials should include outcomes such as complications, serious events, quality of life, and pain. Evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that hospital costs may decrease hospital costs.
In this review, we assessed the quality of all the studies and found that most were of low or very low quality. The studies were of small size and involved only a small number of infants. The results of the studies did not support the use of a high versus a moderate dose of steroids. There were no differences in the risk of BPD when using a moderate versus a low dose. The two studies that used a pulse versus a pulse regimen showed an increased risk of the combined outcome death or BPD. Finally, the two trials investigating a standard regimen versus a participant-specific course of treatment showed no clear difference in the outcomes of death or brain injury. Despite the fact that some studies reported an increased BPD risk in favor of a higher-dosage steroid regimen, no recommendations on the optimal type of corticosteroid, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation for the prevention of brain injury in preterm infants cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large randomised controlled trial is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal steroid dosage regimen. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low because of small numbers of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ (or'rescue') corticostoids, and lack of long-term neurodevelopmental data in most studies.
In this review, researchers compared the effects of steroids on heart valve lesions in patients with acute rheumat fever. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990. The final study was published in 2001. Overall there were no observed significant differences in risk of cardiac disease at one year between the groups. Similarly, use of prednisone (two studies, 212 people) compared with aspirin (five studies, 996 people) did not reduce the risk of heart disease. The three studies reporting on adverse events did not report adverse events. The results should be viewed with caution because of the age of the studies, risk of bias, and the substantial risk of statistical errors.
We found six studies with a total of 12,294 people. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that there is some evidence that it can be used, but this was not demonstrated in another study. One study found that another control measure, a latrine provision, reduced trachoma; this was, however, not different and findings have not been confirmed by a more recent study. Another study revealed that health education reduced the incidence. These findings were not confirmed by the second study, however. This study did not find that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce trachomas. There is no evidence from two trials that insecticides have an effect on the number of trachomatosis. Two trials on the control of flies in the latrines have not demonstrated a reduction. There are some methodological concerns in all the studies, and more research is needed. Generally there is a dearth of data.
This review of fifteen studies (1043 CFS patients) of CBT and CBT alone or in combination with other psychosocial therapies found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies in reducing fatigue symptoms compared with other treatments. The evidence base at follow-up is limited to a small number of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of the CBT treatment against other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS.
In this review, we included only one study with 46 adults with sickle cell disease. Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven withdrew from the study before the start of the study. The study was conducted in the USA. The vitamin D group had a lower (worse) quality of life score than the placebo group, but this was not significant at eight weeks, 16 weeks, and 24 weeks. There was no significant difference of adverse events (e.g. tingling of lips or hands). The quality of the evidence was low. Regarding the frequency of pain, the vitamin D people had fewer pain days compared to the placebo groups, but again, the quality of evidence for this outcome is low. The included study had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcomes. However, the evidence is not of sufficient to be able to guide clinical practice. We suggest that high-quality studies of vitamin D supplementation in children and adults, which are of parallel design, are required to determine the effects and the safety of the supplementation. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the existing guidelines for vitamin D and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D.
This review includes only one RCT, funded by the Australian Research Council; the University of Sydney International Development Fund; Douglas and Lola Douglas Scholarship on Child and Adolescent Health; Nadia Verrall Memorial Scholarship; and a James Kentley Memorial Fellowship. This study recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). Children were allocated randomly to one of the two treatments. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and language pathologist between one month or four months after the end of treatment. The study did not measure functional communication. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-3 and ReST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one randomised controlled trial was identified. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence base. Similarly, further trials of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders, are needed.
We found four trials that randomised a total of 268 adults and children. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and participants had active retinochoroids. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. We judged these three studies to be at high risk of bias due to poor reporting. In the last study, all participants had a course of treatment with antibiotics for 45 days. The study in Brazil reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. People treated with the same antibiotics may have a similar change in vision at one year. The UK study reported an improvement in intra-orbital inflammation in treated participants. However, in this study all participants received steroid treatment. Two studies reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated people. These were a fall in the amount of haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthritis. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of recurrent toxoplasma retina infection, but there is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. Further trials of people with acute (one or more episodes) and chronic (one to two episodes) toxoplasmosis affecting any part of the retina are required to determine the effects of antibiotic treatment on the outcomes. The evidence is current to September 2015.
We found 43 trials, mainly of older people with mainly trochanteric (at the hip and hip bone), fractures. Most of the trials compared nail versus nail implants, but some compared nail with fixed nail plates. Twenty-two trials compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was found to have an increased risk of operative and later fracture. There were no major differences between the implants in wounds, wound infection, death, medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) compared the IMHS (IMHS) with the SHS. Results for fracture fixation, wound infections, mortality, wound stay, and length of hospital stay were similar in both groups. Three trials with 394 participants (PFN) showed no difference in fracture fixings, reoperations, or complications with the PFN. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons for non-rotaroid fractures provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between them. Two trials with 65 participants (65 people) found that nails were more likely to heal fractures at the level of the lesser trochanters than nail plates for unstable fractures. Further studies are required to confirm whether more recently developed designs avoid the complications of previous nails.
In this review we found only one study, which was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who had either surgery (n = 27) or surgery with the drug, Octreotide, (N = 20). Women with poor performance status, who were excluded from surgery, were not included. We found that women who received surgery had significantly (p < 0.001) longer survival than women who were given surgery. However, there is not enough evidence in support of surgery to prolong survival. There was no evidence about the effect of the two forms of treatment. Quality of life was not reported and adverse events were not reported. We are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of one treatment, or to identify the sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or other. The quality of the evidence was low. More research is needed.
In this review, four trials with a total of 244 women with PCOS were reviewed. There was no good evidence that statins improved the number of times a woman had regular periods, the time to ovulation, the rate of hirsutism, or acne. There is no evidence to suggest that statin treatment improves the chances of resumption of menstruation or spontaneous ovulation. Statins were effective in lowering the levels of testosterone, cholesterol, and triglycerides, but had no effect on body weight. No serious adverse events were reported. There were no significant effects on body mass index (BMI). There is a need for further research to be performed.
In this review we found no new studies. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed palliative treatments for vaginal bleeds. Therefore, the choice of treatment will be based on local resources.
In this review, the effects of the primary treatment of patients with a tumour that was found to be in the brain (glioblastoma) that had spread beyond the surface of the skull (HGG) were compared with radiotherapy alone. Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were identified. In the GBM, a single RCT found that, compared with standard chemotherapy alone, a drug called temozolomide, which is an antiepileptic, prolongs survival (OS) and delays progression (PFS) without impacting on quality of life (QoL). In the elderly, 2 RCTs of 664 patients found OS and PFS was similar with the drug temozoomide alone and radiotherapy in the elderly. QoL did not appear to differ between arms in a single trial but certain adverse events were significantly more common with the drugs. In recurrent HGG, two trials enrolling 672 patients in total found that there was no difference between the drugs in terms of OS and progression-free survival (TTP) but it did increase PFS in a subgroup analysis of grade IV GBM tumours. Adverse events were similar between arms. In GBM patients with recurrent tumours, a combination of radiotherapy and temozoleomide appears to prolong survival and delay progression without affecting Qo-L but it does increase early adverse events. In elderly patients, the combination of the drugs appears to be comparable to radiotherapy but with a higher instance of side effects.
In this review, we found two studies that examined the effect of private health care contracts with non-profit health care providers for district health systems management. One study found that the use of public health services increased by 14%. The other study showed that training district health system managers to provide health care in the community, over 18 months, may improve health care access. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive the training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more managers' deficiencies. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions for retaining District Health Systems managers met our criteria. More evidence is required before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effects of these interventions in diverse settings.
In this review, we included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the patients and researchers to the treatment group were not described. There was some evidence from three small studies that showed surgery was preferable to no surgical treatment in terms of reducing the risk of death, chest deformity, and tracheostoma. There were no clear evidence of a difference in the length of stay in intensive care unit. Further studies are required to confirm these results.
This review of fifty trials (19 RCTs and 31 before and after studies) of cerivastatin, a drug used for the treatment of high cholesterol, found that it was about 250-fold more potent than fluvastatin (a drug used to treat high blood pressure), 20-fold stronger than atorvastin (an anticoagulant), and 5.5-fold better than rosuvastarin (an anti-cholesterolemia drug) at reducing LDL cholesterol and triglycerides. It was also about 125-fold less potent at reducing total cholesterol and about 11-fold lower at reducing triglycerides (a lipid that can be harmful to the body). There was no difference between the effects of the drug on HDL cholesterol (a type of lipid that helps to lower blood cholesterol) but overall the drug increased HDL cholesterol by 5%. There was a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse effects, but a low risk for the lipid measurements. This review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the drug because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in 42% of the included trials. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high.
In this review, we included 28 studies with a total of 6851 patients in which the patients were randomised to either a control group or remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. Most of the studies were carried out in the 1980s and involved patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery in which renal ischaemia reperfusion injury may occur. The results of this review suggest that remote ischemic preconditionsing may have little or no effect on serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients who received remote waschaemic clamps by iliac clamping. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes except for adverse events, which was low because of the small number of studies and participants.
In this review we included 12 trials (three from the 2008 search and nine from the 2014 search), with 703 people. Eight trials primarily looked at the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials (with seven comparisons) were large enough to be combined. The results of these trials (244 people) showed that the fatigue severity was lower in the treatment groups than in the control. No trial looked at preventing PSF. Four trials with 248 participants did not look at the effect on fatigue, but other symptoms. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing fatigue. There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in trials with a more robust study design, and adequate sample sizes.
Three trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data on 71 infants) were reviewed. The trials were very small with the sample sizes of the three trials small. In two trials, the intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the carers. In the study of Hu (Hu 1999), the incidence of haemorrhage was reduced. One study (Malone 1991), compared to the rectal cation-resin (a resin) resin, showed that the combination of insulin and glucose is preferred over treatment with rectal-exchange resin. In this study, no serious side effects were noted. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. The effectiveness of other potentially effective treatments (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal-dialysis, calcium) have not been tested in randomised controlled trials. No firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. It appears that insulin and glucosamine inhalation is the preferred treatment for hyperkalaemia in preterm babies. Other interventions listed in our objectives have not yet been studied to date.
In this review, we found evidence that, in severe disease and in patients with mild disease, IVIg started two weeks from onset hastens recovery as much as PE. There were no differences in adverse events between the two treatments. There are no trials in adults, but this review provides evidence that IVIG started within two weeks (two days) of the onset of the disease hastens the recovery. More research is needed in mild disease and patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. One trial in altogether 51 children showed that the standard dose was given over two days. Dose-ranging studies are also needed.
In this review, we included 28 trials with a total of 9330 patients. In the 21 trials reporting outcomes for this review (7597 patients), a high fraction of inspired oxygen was assigned to a high-risk group (60% or more) compared with a low-risk, routine group (30% or less). In trials with an overall low risk of bias, high-fraction inspired oxygen did not increase the risk of death from any cause. Similarly, when all trials were included in the analysis, a high percentage of inspired air was not associated with death from all causes within the longest follow-up and within the first 30 days of follow up. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. In trials using preoperative antibiotics, high fractions of inspired blood oxygen were associated with a decrease in surgical site infections. However, the quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of 60% or higher inspired oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery. Further randomized clinical trials, including a large sample size and long-term follow up, are warranted.
This review presents evidence of both benefits and harms of the use of oral antibiotics to treat OME. We found that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have the condition resolved at two to three months. However, there is evidence from five trials (742 children) that these children are more than twice as likely to experience a rash (disease rash). We found no data on the impact of antibiotics on speech, language, or cognitive development. None of the trials reported data on hearing, speech, and/or cognitive development, or quality of life. Low quality studies did not show that oral antibiotics were linked to a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion (two trials, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one trial, 103 children). It should be noted that the beneficial effect of the treatment on acute otitis media episodes within four to eight weeks was no longer significant when we excluded studies with high risk of bias (high risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). The evidence presented in this review is up to date as of April 2015.
This review found that reducing protein intake may slow the rate of decline of kidney failure in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, the results of this review are not conclusive. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life. Because of the variability amongst patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We found 19 studies with a total of 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good quality and seven were of lower quality. Within the subgroup of patients with mild brain injury, most patients made a good recovery when their care was provided, and they did not need more specific help. For patients with severe brain injury who present to hospital with mild injury, their care can be assessed. Those with moderate to severe injury can be followed-up so their needs for treatment can be determined. For people with moderate-to-severe brain injury: - intensive rehabilitation may lead to earlier gains, and - early rehabilitation whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has yet to be decided. - Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in therapeutic environment with a peer group of individuals facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychology rehabilitation following severe brain injuries. Not all questions in rehabilitation can be addressed by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies conducted in the contexts of routine clinical practice.
In this review, we included one trial (with 176 women) in which the women were assigned to one of four groups. We combined three of the groups as the control group, i.e. the group receiving full mother-infant care, and the fourth group acted as the 'control' group, which was the rooming-in group. We found no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants who were breastfed at six months. There was no difference in the length of breastfeeding at four months, with no difference between groups. The rate of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum for the roomed group was 86% (99 of 115), slightly higher than the separate care group, (17 of 38). None of our other primary outcomes were reported. This trial did not find any evidence to show that roomed-in compared with separate care was better in terms of exclusive breastfeeding. The overall quality of this evidence was low. The trial was not large enough to be able to draw any conclusions. Further well-designed trials are needed.
In this review, we found eight trials involving 660 people with acute ischaemic stroke. The trials were of poor quality. Only two trials reported the number of people who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment. These trials showed that sanchi might reduce the rate of death and dependency. One trial showed higher Barthel index scores in people who had a stroke. Pooled analysis of seven of the eight studies indicated that people with a stroke might have a greater improvement in their ability to control their thoughts and thoughts of movement. Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in respect to the risk of stroke recurrence and the quality of life. Sanchi appears to be useful and safe for people with stroke. However, the small sample and quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion.
The review found that there is not enough evidence to determine whether there is any difference in the risk of implant failure or complications between immediate and delayed implant placement. There is a suggestion that immediate and immediate-delayed implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction.
In this review, we have identified two trials that compared a drug (PBT1) with placebo. One trial compared clioquinol (PBT1) to placebo in 36 patients. The second trial compared the drug with a newer drug, the PBT2, in 78 patients. There was no difference in cognition between the two groups at 36 weeks. The difference in mean change from baseline cognition on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cog (ADAS-Cog) score, which is a neurological test, was 7.37 on average in the placebo group. There is no evidence as to whether PBT1 has any clinical benefit for patients with AD, or whether the drug is safe. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups, and the secondary analyses of results stratified by severity of the disease. The planned phase III trial of the drug has been abandoned.
In this review, we included 36 studies with 2999 patients. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks to 12 months, with some as long as 12 months. Two trials specifically included children. Nineteen trials compared group 1 PAH to placebo (dummy treatment). There was no evidence of a difference in any outcomes. The number needed to treat to prevent one additional death was 32 participants. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache (5 trials, 848 patients), gastrointestinal upset (3 trials, 748 participants), flushing (4 trials, 282 participants), and muscle aches and joint pains (2 trials, 284 participants). There were limited trials comparing PDE5 inhibitors to placebo or other PAH-specific treatment. The quality of data was low. In those with PH-LHD, there were reduced odds of an improvement in WHO functional class (functional class is a measure of lung function) (low-certainty evidence). There appears to be some benefit for the use of these drugs in those with left-heart disease. There is no clear benefit for PDE-inhibitors in PH. Further research is required.
This review found 22 trials involving a total of 2193 people. Most of the trials were of high quality. Nine trials comparing multiple with single injections showed a decrease in the risk of anaesthesia failure, and five trials also showed a significant decrease in motor block. However, there was no difference in time to readiness. The time for block performance was significantly shorter for single (injections in the arm) and double injections, but there were no differences in other outcomes, including safety. This review found that nerve stimulation was more effective than either double or single-injection techniques for axillary plexus block. There was not enough evidence to draw any conclusions on safety. The quality of the evidence was high.
Three studies met the inclusion criteria. All used a single dose of the asthma medicine, a dry powder that contains a steroid, to treat children with asthma. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'playtime', or 'catch up' after therapy is stopped. In all three studies, growth occurred in children treated with beclomethasone, but the growth was small. The average decrease, measured through the combined results, was -1.54 cm per year. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects.
Three trials (139 patients) were included in the review. APD did not differ from CAPD with respect to mortality (RR 1.49, 95% CI 0.51 to 4.37), risk of peritonitis, switching from original PD modality to a different one, PD fluid leaks, PD catheter removal or hospital admissions. There was no difference between either PD and CAPD in respect to residual renal function (MD -0.17). One study found that patients on APD had significantly less hospitalisation rates when results were expressed as episodes/patient-year. Another study found significantly more time for work, family and social activities. There is a need for a large, well-conducted randomised trial comparing CAPD andAPD.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that early and advanced stages of HD with CRT were better than advanced stages (I-II) with CT alone. However, early stages (III to IV) were better with RT alone. The risk of SM was higher with RT. This effect was seen in early stages alone and was due directly to the use of RT. For advanced stages, CRT was superior to CT in terms of PFS but not OS. The superiority of CRT also applied to early stage (IIIA) and to advanced stages alone. There was no difference in SM risk after IF-RT instead of EF-RT. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the fact that many outdated treatments were used, and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We reviewed 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 patients. Many of the studies were case series (where people are put into treatment groups for a short time) or long-term (where the people in the treatment groups stay in the studies). Opioids were given by mouth (oral), through a vein (intravenous), or through the skin (intermittent). All three types of opioids were associated with significant pain relief. Many patients stopped taking opioids due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9%, transdermal: 12.1%), or because they were not able to tolerate pain relief (oral (10.3%) and intrathecal (8%). Many patients also developed opioid addiction (where use of an opioid leads to addiction to other drugs or services). However, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids for a long time experience pain relief; however, the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Whether quality of life or functioning improves is inconclusive. Many minor adverse events (like nausea and headache), but serious adverse events, including iatrogenic opioid addiction were rare.
This review found only one trial with a total of 212 patients. This trial compared the anabolic steroids (20 mg/day, orally) with a dose of placebo (an inactive substance with 98% starch and 2% magnesium). The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108 participants) with spinal cord injury. The study was stopped early when the study authors showed that oxandrolone had no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing. There is no high quality evidence to support the use of anabolic steroid in treating pressure ulcers. There was low-certainty evidence on the risk of serious adverse events. We are uncertain whether the treatment with oxandolone improves or reduces the complete healing of pressure Ulcers, as we assessed the certainty of the results as very low. There were no serious adverse effects reported in this trial. We assessed the results of the included trial as being of very low quality. The trial did not report pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. Overall the evidence in this study was of low-quality.
This review of six randomised controlled trials, with 8372 people, looked at the use of email for the purpose of health promotion. Four trials compared email versus standard mail, and two compared email to usual care. For the primary health service outcome, there was no difference between email and standard mail. For both comparisons (email versus usual care) there was a lack of difference between the groups. Results were inconclusive for patient or caregiver behaviours and actions. For email only, no significant difference between groups was found. No data were reported on the harms of email to healthcare professionals. The quality of the evidence was weak, and the available trials mostly provide little, or no, evidence for the outcomes in this review. Future research needs to use good-quality study designs, that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention. The included trials were judged to be at high risk of bias (that is, there is potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted).
This review includes 11 trials with a total of 855 adult patients. A total of nine studies used the addition of post-Epley restrictions as their treatment. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment dizziness, or in the quality of the trials. No adverse effects were reported. There is some evidence to support the routine use of mastoid oscillation, or additional steps in an 'augmented', Epley manoeuvre. No serious adverse effects of the treatment were reported, but three studies reported minor side effects (neck stiffness, BPPV, dizziness).
This review of four studies (231 adults) found that there were no differences in the types of treatments and the dosages used in these studies, but that the results were similar. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopy (where the nose is opened) versus systemic steroids, (2) surgery (where a large incision is made in the nose to remove the nasal polyps) and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid). All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most common complication with both types of surgery. The overall quality of the evidence relating to the effectiveness of different types of surgical versus medical treatment for adults with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyp is of very low quality. The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than another. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain. As the overall evidence is of low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem, which has significant implications for quality of life and healthcare service usage, is justified. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. No studies were at low risk of bias.
This review of eight trials (709 participants) found that foods with zinc added to them were more likely to have zinc in the serum (in the blood) when compared to foods without zinc. However, we did not find a difference in serum or plasma zinc levels. There was no reported adverse effect of zinc-fortified foods on indicators of iron, copper, or copper status. The trials did not report on other outcomes, such as underweight (low- or very low-quality) and stunting (stun). There was one trial of addition of zinc to iron (very low) flour. We did not have enough data to be able to make a conclusion about the effect of the use of zinc in foods in combination with other nutrients/factors. We rated the quality of the evidence from the included trials as low or unclear, and most trials had some risk of bias. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016.
In this review, we assessed the effects of the use of the non-steroidal antiandocrine drug, cisplatin, in men with metastatic prostate cancer. We found 11 studies (3060 men) that compared the treatment of advanced prostate cancer patients with non-stimulants (anti-cancer drugs) with medical or surgical castration. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that men treated with nonstimulate antiandrogen drugs were less likely to die from their disease than those treated with castration, and were more likely to experience side effects such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes. The quality of the evidence was moderate for overall survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to side effects. The risk of other side effects, such as hot flashes, haemorrhage, nocturia, fatigue, loss of sexual interest and urinary frequency, was decreased when non-sugar-based antiandrogens were used. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as the quality of evidence is hampered by risk of bias.
We found eight trials with 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a reduction in breast cancer deaths. Four trials with poor or unclear methods showed a reduction. We found that breast cancer death was an unreliable outcome. The trials with good methods did not find an effect of screening on total cancer deaths, or on all causes, after 10 years. The use of radiotherapy was higher in the screened groups. The number of breast cancer surgeries and mastectomies were larger in the women screened. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer dying by 15% and that the incidence of overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast, and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people. It is available in several languages. Because of substantial advances in treatment and greater breast cancer awareness since the trials were conducted, it is likely that the absolute effect of the screening today is smaller than in the trials.
We found four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal review. Three studies looked at the effect of hCG priming compared to no priming. One study compared the effects of a 20,000 units hCG compared to 10,000. All four studies only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding (women and the researchers knew which treatment the woman had received). We found no evidence of a difference in the live birth rates, miscarriage rates, or pregnancy rates. We did find that there was low quality evidence that hCG may reduce the number of women who had no pregnancy, but these findings were limited by the small number of data available. No data were available on adverse events, or drug reactions. This review did not find evidence of an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or abortion rates in IVM. As no data were reported, we could not assess the safety of the treatment. We need further evidence from well-designed RCTs before we can come to a conclusion about the role of priming, and the optimal dose and timing. We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias (more than one of the seven domains assessed). The evidence was of low quality.
In total, 24 trials were included, but 16 (10,114 women) had analysable data. There is good evidence that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects, although there was some evidence of a decrement (a decline in verbal and/or non-verbal memory) in similarly aged women. There was no evidence that ERT prevented the onset of cognitive impairment. Results from smaller trials assessing effects on memory, thinking and reasoning were mostly inconclusive. It remains to be seen whether factors such as younger age (≥ 60 years), type of menopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these uncertainties by the year 2010. In the meantime, based on the available evidence, ERT cannot be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or maintenance in older postmenopausal women without cognitive impairment, and there is insufficient evidence to determine whether subgroups of women using particular types of hormone therapy could benefit from treatment.
In this review, we included two studies with 880 people. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 people. We found that both studies used the same combination of inhaled inhaled ICS and LABA, with FF/VI (18 mcg) versus LAMA (18 microg) once daily. They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias. Compared to the TIO arm, results for pooled primary outcomes for the FF/Vi arm (deaths reported only in the LAMA arm), very low-quality data, were as follows: COPD flare-up (requiring oral steroids, or both): OR 0.72, 95% Cl 0.35 to 1.50, eight studies; pneumonia: reported in both studies only during the treatment of FF/vi: OR 6.12, 95%, Cl 1.73 to 51.24, two studies; and total serious adverse events: OR 1.99, 95%), very low quality of evidence. None of the pneumonias were fatal. We are uncertain whether the ICS/LABA is better than the LABA for treatment of people with COPD. Based on analysis of both the main and secondary outcomes, we are uncertain. The short follow-up of the studies and the very low confidence in the result limit our confidence in this result and increase uncertainty. Further trials of longer duration are needed. Current evidence is not strong enough to demonstrate important differences between inhalers in terms of effects, nor to establish that one inhaler has a different efficacy or adverse effect profile compared to another. However, the current review is based on only two trials with the main focus on primary outcomes other than those considered in this review. Data for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to hospital admission and physical activity measures were not available.
In this review, four short-term trials were included, with data from 169 patients. The results of these studies suggest that, compared to placebo (a dummy pill), the two most commonly used drugs (fluoxetine (one trial), clomipramine (two trials), and the CBT (three trials) may be effective in treating patients with BDD. Symptom severity was also reduced in the RCTs. A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one trial of CBT. Results from the small number of available RCTS suggest that SRIs, CBT and CBT, as well as other treatments, may be useful.
In this review, we found three trials that examined the use of a drug to prevent the spread of HIV virus. The drugs tested in the three studies were desensitized (where the patient is taught to take the drug slowly) compared to a drug that was rechallenge (when the drug is taken again). The studies showed a beneficial effect of using a treatment to treat HIV virus in patients with a history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity. The studies also showed that the treatment had fewer adverse effects. The trials were small and of poor quality. More research is needed in children and adults, and in settings where HIV infection rates are high.
In this review, we identified three trials enrolling 148 neonates. We found no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality. Each study showed a higher sedation level in the placebo group. However, none of the sedation scales used have been validated in preterm infants; therefore, we could not ascertain the effects of this drug in this population. The duration of NICU stay was longer in two studies. One study reported lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores in the group of infants given midazolam (43 infants) compared with the placebo (placebo) group. Another study (46 infants) observed a higher risk of death, grade III or IV adverse neurological events (death, grade IV or IV IVH, PVL) in the midazolateam group compared with morphine group. Data are insufficient to promote the use of intravenous (by infusion into the vein, into the muscle, and into the bloodstream) midazoleam as a sedative for neonates in intensive care. Further research is needed.
This review of 12 trials involving 767 people with NTS found that there is no evidence to support the use of antibiotics to treat diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotic treatment for NTS. There is not enough evidence to be sure of the effects of antibiotics in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
We found 23 studies (n = 4192) that assessed the accuracy of the test IL-6. The studies varied in terms of age, gender, main disease, setting, and the type of infection. We found that all studies were at high risk of bias due to issues with the test domain. The results of the studies showed a great range of differences in the number of patients with sepsis. We were able to combine data from 21 studies, 3650 adult patients, and we found a range of 66% (95% confidence range (CI)) of the patients who would have been wrongly diagnosed. If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients with a sepsi infection, we will find that 330 patients would be wrongly considered to have sepsism, while 130 patients would not be wrongly thought to be sepsised. We would find that 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy, and 170 patients would have become undiagnosed. The conclusions of the review will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification.The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of this review once they are published and evaluated. Our evidence assessment of plasma-interleukin-6 concentrations for the diagnosis of seps is based on several limitations. High heterogeneity of collected evidence regarding the main diagnosis, setting and country, positivity threshold, sepsitis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors, along with the potential number of misclassifications, remain significant constraints for its implementation.
In this review we included 29 trials (5718 people). Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposed), and 25 of the 29 trials compared alternative types. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from a 'clean' surgery, five trials that compared 'clean/contaminated' surgery with a 'dirty' surgery (surgery in which the wound is contaminated). The remaining 25 studies compared alternative options, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention with wound dressing reduces the risk of SSI, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk, improving scarring, reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. Most studies in this review were small and at a high or unclear risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of events and were often not clearly reported. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and acceptability of dressing, and on ease of removal. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of biases and imprecision. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysed data below. The review contains 11 comparisons in total.
This review found two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg), or more, of the dietary supplement seenum, with placebo. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only available for 85 women. There was a high risk of bias due to a large proportion (64) of the women who were included in the study withdrawing from the study. The other trial compared a diet of DHA (dummy) or EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid) with placebo, with 126 women. The women in the EPA arm were allocated to three arms: 42 were assigned to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Three women in EPA arm, four in the DHA arm, and one woman in the placebo arm were lost. This included study (n = 85) found that there was a small effect on the score of the self-reported 'EPD' (postnatal depression scale) within eight weeks of delivery. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postnatal depressed. There were no differences in the number of women who had postpartum depression. No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the presence of major depressive disorder, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of neonates to the neonatal intensive care unit. The primary outcome measure was the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) score at the fifth visit. No difference was found for EPA, EPA-rich fish oil (MD 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI)-1.78 to 3.18) or DHA or EICOSAPENTENOIC (MD -0.20, CI -2.61 to 2.21). There is insufficient evidence to conclude that supplements or EPA prevent postnatal depression. Women who were found to have major depressive disorders, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideation or schizophrenia at recruitment were excluded from the
In this update, we identified 11 studies. Seven studies were RCTs that compared different durations of the drug (six hours or longer) of treatment, and 4 studies were of different peak doses (injection times of 25 mg/m2 or more). The majority of the studies were adults with different solid tumours. We found no difference in the occurrence of heart failure, but we identified a lower rate of clinical heart failure with a longer infusion (six-hour infusion) compared to a shorter infusion (five studies; 557 participants). We identified no evidence that different peak dose durations were associated with an increased risk of cardiotoxicity. There is only a small amount of data for children and data obtained in adults cannot be extrapolated to children. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults, and in leukaemias and solid tumour.
We found 37 studies that involved a total of 3110 people with TBI. Most studies included both adults and children. We considered duration of low blood pressure and the length of treatment to be the main outcomes. We did not pool the results for these outcomes, and we did not perform meta-analysis. We judged the quality of the evidence for each outcome to be very low. We were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. We found no evidence that hypothermia is helpful in the treatment of people with brain injury. Further research is required in this field.
In this review, three studies, involving 519 people, were found. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, people, and the measures used. Despite fairly good methods of some studies, and positive findings of some results, there is not enough evidence to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness (or lack of effect) of family therapy in the treatment of depression. At this point, use of psychological interventions for depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy. Further high quality trials examining the effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of explicitly defined forms of therapy are required. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
This review found three trials involving a total of 206 patients. All three included studies were at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was no evidence to support the routine use of the Duxil for the treatment of patients with dementia. There were no data on behaviour, death at the end of treatment, and follow-up. Two trials failed to show an improvement of function. Of the three trials, all described the adverse events in detail, there were no differences across the trials (OR 4.84, 95% CI 0.55 to 42.67). Due to the low methodological quality of included trials, small number of trials, and the probable bias of the trials, this review did not provide enough evidence to show that the use of this drug is beneficial.
The review of trials found that the risk of a seroma was reduced in the drain group compared with the no-drain group. There was no significant difference in infection rates. The mean difference in length of stay in hospital was 1.47 days greater in the drained population. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative seroma aspirates was found in the drains. No significant difference was noted in the number of people with a blood clot. No difference in the incidence of lymphoedema was noted. The quality of trials was low, with several studies at risk of bias, and no studies used blinding.
Eight studies with 390,769 people were found. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were controlled studies and one was a randomised controlled study. There was no evidence that total flavonoids, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was reduced. The results form the studies that looked at whether flavonoid intake reduced the risk of colorectal neoplasms. The evidence for the results from two studies was conflicting. There is no evidence to show that increased intake of procyanidin (a type of plant hormone) and the anthocyanin phytoestrogen (a hormone) reduced the incidence of CRC. For the flavonone Flavan-3-ols, the results were conflicting. The two case-control studies were of medium methodological quality.
This review found seven trials with 1369 patients. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three trials used the second. All trials had high risk of bias. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. This review demonstrates that extending the treatment to 72 weeks increased the number of patients with a sustained response. The length of treatment did not significantly affect the number who had to be treated. The number of participants who relapsed was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks. There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. More data are needed in order to support or reject the treatment of HCV-1 infected patients in whom HCV RNA was still detectable but decreased by ≥ 2 log after 12 weeks and became negative after 24 weeks treatment.
This review of two small studies (34 participants) found that there is a lack of evidence to suggest that EUS is of benefit in people with pancreatic cancer. There is no evidence that it should be performed routinely.
In this review, we identified 34 studies (with a total of 20 studies (14 RCTs and 6 CCTs). The studies were of mixed quality, with follow-up periods of at least one year. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing the bleeds. There were some studies that showed that topical antibiotics (e.g. topical steroids and oral antibiotics) may provide symptomatic relief for bleeds, but other treatments, such as warm compresses, eyelid washing, and eyelid margin washing, were not shown to help. More research is needed to show which treatments are effective. Any RCT designed for this purpose should separate groups by type of condition, in order to minimise the risk of type I errors (ie, bias) and to achieve statistical power for analyses (prevent type II errors). It is important that patients be followed long-term, at least for one year, to assess chronic outcomes.
We found one trial with a total of 23 patients. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed through an endoscopy) was measured. There was no difference between the groups in the study. There were adverse effects reported in one child with severe RRP a few hours after the treatment. There is insufficient evidence from trials to be able to determine whether any of the treatments are of benefit. More trials with larger sample sizes and long-term follow-up are required.
This review of 42 studies, with 4220 participants, showed that both CDUS (with or without contrast) (with and without CT scan) and CE-CDUS are superior to CDUS in terms of accuracy. In an endoleak surveillance programme, the use of a CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive to establish the type of endoleAK and the subsequent therapeutic management. This review demonstrates that both ultrasound modalities showed high specificity.
This review found seven studies, with 766 women. The studies were of good quality, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups and incomplete outcomes. All studies reported on low back pain in labour. There was no significant difference between saline water and saline for rates of caesarean section (risk ratio (RR)) (4/10 cm (50% to 60%) reduction) in pain, rescue delivery (RR 1.31, 95% CI 0.79 to 2). No study reported on pain intensity or relief, and use of different scales, meant that the analysis of pain reduction using the same scales was not suitable. One study reported the number self-scoring 4 of 10 cm or more, which was more with sterile water. The other two reported that more women treated with saline water would request the same pain relief in future. No adverse events were reported. We found no evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Neither did we find any difference in other outcomes. No study measured women's pain, women's sense of control in labour, pain in childbirth, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. Further large and rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice.
This review of 12 trials with a total of 1932 participants showed that glue may be a more effective and safe alternative to sutures for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. However, the quality of the evidence for the outcomes is moderate to low. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk of bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by a fibrin sealant maker. The difference between synthetic glue and synthetic glue should also be assessed in the future.
We found 32 studies of technical editing and 66 surveys of the effects of the same process on the use of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised trials. A package of 'package' of editing applied between the time of acceptance and the time that the papers are published improved the quality of two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Providing instructions to authors was associated with improved reporting of ethics requirements in one study, and less errors in references in two studies. However, no difference was seen in quality of abstracts in one randomised controlled trial. Structuring improved the overall quality of the abstracts, but increased the length of the articles. The reference accuracy studies showed a median citation error rate of 38% and a median quotation error rate (error) of 20%. Surprisingly few studies have evaluated the effects on technical editing rigorously. A substantial number of references in biomedical articles are cited or quoted inaccurately. However there is some evidence that the 'package of editing used by biomedical journals does improve papers.
We found 15 studies, with 721 adults with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The available evidence indicates that codeine is more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and pain relief. There were no data for children. Studies were small, of short duration, and most had major shortcomings in their methods. The studies were judged to be at a high risk of bias, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data.
A total of 12 trials were included in the review. A total of 563 people with high blood pressure, with a mean age of six to 35 years old, were included. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks. Post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention to 12 months. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed. Patients' knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. There were two main outcomes related to the effectiveness of educational programs. One was the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs and the symptoms leading to self-management. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services. With regard to the review's secondary outcomes, depression showed a statistically significant decline in intervention groups, but no effects of interventions were seen on coping, health-related quality of life, or on the number of participants in the identified trials. No effects on adherence to treatment was assessed in any of the included trials. The overall risk of bias was low for selective reporting, unclear for random sequence generation, blinding of patients and blinding of outcome assessment. The quality of evidence was moderate for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. This review identified important positive effects of educational interventions on improving patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression, but the effect was small and whether it offers any clinical benefit is uncertain. Significant factors limiting these effects could be trials being under powered as well as attrition rates. Effects were not statistically significant in assessments of other outcomes, possibly due to the lack of trials and patients and caregivers. To better study effects on outcomes, further controlled trials are needed with
We found six studies, with a total of 2411 adult participants. All six studies included adult patients with focal onset seizures, and all studies were of short duration. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias. One study failed to provide details on the method used for blinding, and one study did not report all outcomes that were planned for the trial. One of the studies did not describe how blinding was maintained, and the other study noted discrepancies in reporting. Participants receiving brivaracetam were 50% or more likely to have a 50% reduction in seizure frequency. They were also more likely than placebo to attain seizure freedom. The risk of withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of adverse events, was not different. However, people who received the add-on drug did appear to withdraw from treatment due to adverse events. It is important to note that only one of the included studies was of focal onset, and none of the other five studies were generalised. None of the six included children younger than 16. Therefore, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients. Future research should thus focus on investigating the tolerability and efficacy of the add to treatment, and should also assess the efficacy and tolerability of add to use in managing other types of seizures and its use in other age groups.
We found 38 studies, mostly from the US, many of which explored mothers' views of how the vaccine was given. Some of the studies focused on the MMR vaccine. We have high or moderate confidence in the results. In general, parents were more likely to want to know more information than they were getting (high confidence). Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions (low confidence). Parents wanted to know about the benefits and harms of vaccines, presented clearly and simply, and tailored to their needs. Parents wanted more information to be available at a wider number of locations, and in good time before each vaccine appointment. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of their interactions with them, and they sometimes felt negative about the way health workers sometimes helped them. Parents found it difficult to know which information source to trust, and challenging to find information they felt could be trusted. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt they could trust (low to moderate confidence) appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more. None of the interventions seemed to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives for the vaccine. More research in rural and low- to middle-income countries could strengthen the findings, especially where we had low or very low confidence. Planners should consider the time of the vaccine visit, the settings where the vaccine is available, the provision of clear and impartial information tailored to parents' needs, and parents' perceptions of the health workers and the information provided.
We found 10 trials from the search, with a total of 599 anorexia and older adolescents. We now include three new trials. Two of the 10 trials included children. Seven had been identified in the previous versions of this review, and we now include them in the new update. The results of the review show that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist (psychotherapist) may be less efficacious than treatment with focal psychodynamic (a psychological therapy based on the mind) therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a 'good' or'middle' outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale. However there were no differences between the therapies for this outcome. There was a suggestion in one trial that treatment with dietary advice alone might be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. None of the trials identified any adverse effects. When comparing individual psychological therapies with each other, no specific treatment was found to be superior to any other specific approach. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% failure rate. There were no overall dropout rates between individual therapies and TAU. Two trials found a non specific specialist therapy (Specialist Supportive Clinical Management) or an Optimised TAU delivered by therapists with eating disorder expertise to be similar in outcomes to cognitive behaviour therapy. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. Owing to the risk of bias and limitations of studies, notably small sample sizes, we can draw no specific conclusions about the effects of specific individual psychological therapy for anorexia. Larger RCTs of longer treatment duration and follow-up are needed.
In this review, the use of silicone oil, or both, for the treatment of PVR was compared with other agents. The review included data from three trials, which were conducted in the USA (one trial) and the third trial (a multi-centre study) and were funded by the German Research Foundation. The first two trials were funded in part by the National Eye Institute. The third trial was funded by a multi-center international trial. All trials appear to be free of bias. All three trials employed adequate methods for avoiding bias. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third of the third trials masked outcome assessors. In participants with PVR, outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy and infusion of either silicone oil (a mixture of a perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone) versus standard silicone oil appeared comparable. There were no significant differences in outcomes between the two agents, and the choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. The use of either perfluropropane (a gas) or silicone oil appears reasonable for most patients with RD associated with patellofemoral muscle disease. Because heavy silicone oil is not available for routine clinical use, it has not demonstrated evidence of superiority over standard silicone oils. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main limitations of the review were that the first trial had a large number of participants excluded from the final analyses, while the other two trials had a low risk of attrition bias.
In this review, we included five studies (1819 women) in this review. There was a lower risk of the mother dying and the baby dying in the two studies (1459 women). There was no clear difference in the outcomes of the babies. There were no clear differences between groups for the caesarean section, or in the length of hospital stay for the mother. There is no clear evidence about the effects on the different types of hypertensive diseases. The level of the studies was graded high (high risk of maternal deaths and severe illness). There were also some low-risk studies (low risk of bias). The evidence is up to date as of May 2018.
This review of six studies (including 142 adult patients) found that there is a strong evidence from randomised controlled trials that prophylactic administration of clotting factor concentrates prevents bleeding and joint bleeds in children with hemophilia. There is insufficient evidence from observational trials to confirm the observational evidence that preventive treatment decreases bleeding and related complications in patients with existing joint damage.
In this review, we assessed the effects of less aggressive treatment on survival. We found 13 studies with a total of 1824 patients. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the treatment groups. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial. Five studies aimed to maintain remission. In one study, the overall survival did not differ. The results of this review suggest that more recent studies have shown a preference in more recent times for less aggressive care options, but more research is needed.
This review found two studies involving 447 (with sample sizes 14 and 432) women who were not RhD negative. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of anti-D (anti-D) during week 28. There was no incidence of RhD allo-immunization. One of the studies found that the mean antidiuretic IgG concentrations up to seven days after IV and IM treatment differed. However, from two to three weeks post-treatment, the mean IgG levels were similar. None of the women involved in the studies developed RhD antibody. It appears that the two routes of administration of the drug, IM and IV, are equally effective. The number of included studies and the number of women are not enough to assess whether there are any differences. The choice of IM or IV route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered, the patients' preferences.
Eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes were found. Three included studies looked at the use of ticlopamide compared to aspirin or placebo. Five of the eight included studies compared the ADP receptor antagonists to aspirin, or to aspirin alone. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days in the trials. There were no data available from any of the trials on the risk factors for coronary artery disease, quality of life, adverse events, or costs. The available evidence for ADP blocker drugs for the prevention of CVD in patients with CVD is limited. Most trials do not report outcomes for patients with and without CVD. Therefore, the review of trials is based on available evidence from trials with patients with or without the disease. More trials are needed to provide a more robust evidence base to guide clinical management.
In this review, we found ten trials with a total of 191 people. Most trials had a low risk of bias with regard to incomplete outcome data. We were unable to find any evidence that using a nasal mask to clear the airway caused more people to have an increase in sputum. We found that nasal masks may improve gas exchange during sleep to a greater extent than airway clearance alone in people with cystic fibrosis who have moderate to severe disease. The impact of this therapy on pulmonary exacerbations (flare ups) and the progression of the disease is unclear. There is a need for long-term randomised controlled trials which are well-designed and which are adequately powered to determine the clinical effects of non-invasive ventilation for airways clearance and exercise. These benefits of NIV have largely been demonstrated in single treatment sessions with small numbers of participants. The review found no clear differences were found between breathing room air and breathing nasal masks, except for exercise performance, which significantly improved with non invasive ventilation compared to room air over six weeks. One trial, evaluating non-Invasive ventilation, reported that a participant withdrew at the start of the trial due to pain on respiratory muscle testing. Another trial evaluating non invasal ventilation for overnight support reported that one participant could not tolerate the increase in inspiratory positive airway pressure. A third trial evaluating breathing room-based ventilation in this setting reported no clear difference between breathing the nasal mask and breathing the full face mask for any of our outcomes. Three trials reported on adverse effects. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014.
This is an update of the original review of the same title. We found seven new studies, leading to seven included studies on 245 people. We obtained IPD for all of these studies. The mean age of the participants in all of the studies was over 70 years. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The average age of participants ranged from 65 to 77 years. We did not find any studies that compared NIPPV with other forms of ventilation. The results of the review suggest that NIPPVs may have little or no effect on lung function, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, lung function and sleep efficiency. However, the small number of studies and the small sample sizes preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of nocturnal-NIPPV in COPD.
We found four trials, with a total of 1190 women. The trials compared induction of labour for babies with low head to shoulder weight with no evidence of a clear effect. There were no clear differences between groups for the rate of caesarean section (four trials), the number of babies with a forceps (two trials), or the use of forceps. There was no strong evidence of any difference between groups in measures of asphyxia, low blood pressure, or low blood sugar. The induction group had lower birthweight, and fewer births with birth fractures (four studies). There was one study with data for 818 women, in which the women were given either an induction or control group, and tears were increased in the induction group. For outcomes assessed using GRADE, we based our downgrading decisions on high risk of bias (risk of bias) from lack of blinding (women and staff were aware of the intervention, but not the control group). For other outcomes these studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk. The evidence is current to September 2014. Induction of labour does not appear to alter the risk of a caesarian section or instrumental delivery, and results in a lower mean birthweight and fewer birth fractures and shoulder dystocia. However, induction may lead to increased perineal damage, and the possibility of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. Findings from trials included in the review suggest that to prevent one fracture it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 women, and many inductions may not be needed. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses suspected of being macrosomic should be discussed with parents. Although some parents and doctors may feel the evidence already justifies induction, others may justifiably disagree. Such trials should concentrate on refining the optimum gestation of
This review of 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 adults found that vitamin D may decrease the risk of death, but this finding could be due to chance. Vitamin D did not seem to increase the risk for cancer. We did not find any evidence to suggest that the effect on the number of deaths was increased. The risk of vitamin D3 was increased, but the risk did not increase. We could not be sure whether vitamin D was better than placebo, because the trials were at high risk of bias. More than 8% of participants dropped out. The overall quality of the trials was high, and most had a low risk of industry bias.
The review of trials found that three of the drugs can achieve weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the effects on health remain unclear. There is a paucity of data on other drugs for weight loss or control.
In this review, we assessed five studies involving a total of 734 people. We assessed only one study as good quality. The other four were of poor quality. It was difficult to perform a combined review of the data to synthesise the results. The results did show that VGB was associated with a lower time to first seizure, and with less skin rash and drowsy. There were no differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances. No significant differences favoured VGB or CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and six-month remission, but results did not show a disadvantage for VGB. Compared with CBZ, VGB had more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash. No differences in vision field defects were noted. Data are currently insufficient to address the risk-benefit balance of VGB versus CBZ.
We searched for studies that compared the addition of a plerixa for to a G-CSF treatment with a placebo (a fake drug). The evidence is current to September 2015. We found four studies that met our inclusion criteria, but two of these studies were completed but did not report results. The remaining two studies evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both studies, the experimental group received G-Cochrane Graft-Controlled-Cell-Transfusion (GCSF) plus plerizafor and the control group received the GCSF plus placebo. The results of the meta-analysis showed no evidence for differences between the groups in terms of survival at 12 months (600 participants) and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection (593 participants; high-quality evidence). Regarding the outcome successful stem cell collection, there was an advantage for those participants randomised to the plerxafor group. As there was high heterogeneity between studies for the number of transplanted participants, we did not combine these data. In the multiple myloma study, 95.9% (142 participants) in the plrixafor arm and 88.3% (136 participants) of the placebo arm underwent transplantation; in the non-hobbit lymphoma trial, 90.4% (82 participants) could be transplanted. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival. The two trials that included in the review were published several times. Due to the unpublished data, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data. Two more RCTs examining the addition to a standard G-CCF mobilisation regimen terminated early without publishing any outcome. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently
In this review we included 23 trials, with 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. There was not enough evidence to show that cones were better than no active treatment, or that a subjective cure was better than either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used measures of the woman’s well being, and no study looked at costs. Some trials reported high drop-out rates. Cones could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them to be acceptable. The review found that there was some evidence that weighted pelvic floor muscle (CPM) may be a better treatment than no treatment, but the results of this review must be treated with caution.
In this review, we assessed the effects of interventions on TTR in AF patients with OAT. We found eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients. We found small but positive effects on anxiety (2 trials, 587 patients) and depression (3 trials, 721 patients). We did not find any evidence that the effect of self-monitoring plus education (2 studies, 69 patients) was effective. The effect of decision aids on the decision to treat patients with TTR was uncertain. This review showed that there is not enough evidence to draw conclusions regarding the impact of behavioural interventions on the control of TTR. Thus, more trials are needed.
This review of trials of prostaglandins compared with placebo or no treatment, or with other drugs, found that the risk of vaginal birth not being achieved within 24 hours was probably reduced by about 10%. The risk of the baby's heart rate changing increased, but this may have been due to chance. PGE2 tablets and gels were as good as each other, with some small differences, but these may be just chance. The effect of these drugs on the overall effect on the health of the mother and baby (across a range of measures) is uncertain. The majority of trials were at unclear risk of bias, which means they may be biased in favour of one treatment over another.
This review of five trials, which included a total of 247 infants, found that cot- nursing with warming of the nursery (cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress) has similar effects to incubator care with regard to temperature control and weight gain. There were no significant differences in mean body temperature between the two groups. In addition, fewer infants were breast fed on discharge from hospital and fewer infants died prior to hospital discharge but these results failed to reach statistical significance. In one trial that reported on episodes of hyperthermia, this was found to be more common in infants who were cared for in a heated room. There was no difference in weight gain between the groups. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further using randomised controlled trials. This is especially the case in developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
In this review, we included three studies, with a total of 146 adults. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (three studies, 141 adults). One surgical failure was due to detachment (closed group). One study reported on the outcomes of infection, pain and pain during alignment of the canine teeth (two studies, 146 adults). We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient pain and discomfort, time to surgery and treatment time. We considered the three studies to be of low-quality. This suggests the need for more studies. Three ongoing trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings. Currently, there is evidence that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced (posterior) canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review; however, we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being of high-quality, and we therefore suggest that further research is carried out.
In this review, we included three studies with 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The included studies were of poor quality and there were no data for the outcomes of maternal deaths or the need to add another drug. There is limited, very low, evidence that prostaglandins reduce the need for the manual removal of the baby, the need of blood transfusion, and the mean time from the baby’s head to the placenta (time from injection to placental removal). No differences were found in mean blood loss or the mean difference in the time between injection and the placental placement. The use of prostaglanins did not result in any side-effects. We did not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More research in this area is needed.
We found six studies with 355 infants. Four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult. For this update, we included no new trials. In preterm infants with breathing problems, the application of CDP as CPAP or continuous nasal pressure (CNP) reduced the risk of treatment failure (death or use of assist ventilation), as well as mortality in infants with birth weight above 1500 g (two studies; 60 infants). We found no difference in bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as lack of oxygen dependency, at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants), or at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). Use of CNP is associated with increased pneumothorax (pneumonia). We concluded that CDP is an effective treatment for preterm babies with breathing challenges.
This review found no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers. There was no difference in the number of ulcers healed when foam dressings were used with basic wound contact. There were no studies in this field and all studies were small and/or had limited follow-up.
This review has shown that surgery is superior to endoscopy, in terms of pain relief, but the small number of patients in the trials identified does not allow us to detect the small differences expected in this outcome. Surgical intervention resulted in improved quality of life and improved preservation of exocrine pancreatic function at middle/long-term follow-up (two to five years), but not at long-term (≥ 5 years). No differences were found between the two intervention modalities for major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgical group and 15 in the conservative treatment group. The trial showed that surgical intervention provided better pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic functions than conservative treatment. However, the trial had methodological limitations and was relatively small.
In this review, we identified one trial, which was at a high risk of bias. This trial included 857 patients who had minor skin surgery. The wounds were sutured after the excision. Patients were randomised to early (before bathing) or delayed (after bathing). The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection. There was no difference between the two groups in the proportion of patients who developed wound infections. There is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to show whether early versus delayed bathing is better for patients. We recommend that further trials be run.
In this review, we found one study that compared oral prednisone with no treatment, but the study did not measure the primary outcome for this review. The trial had a high risk of bias. There was little or no difference in number of people who achieved a remission or disability after one year (very low-quality evidence). The trial did not report side effects, but one of the 35 participants died. A single study compared a daily dose of oral dexamethasone with a high dose. The study reported no outcomes. Side effects were the same with each regimen, except for the moon-shaped appearance (moon-shaped face). We are not very sure about the effects of oral cortnisone, because the quality of the only RCT that exists is very low. We need further research to identify factors that predict response and to find out if long-term use causes serious side effects.
We found six studies, which involved a total of 2100 adults with asthma. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check-up needed oral steroids for an asthma flare-up than those who were face-to-face. The studies could not be blinded and the number of people dropping out was high. The results of one study showed that 21 participants out of 1000 had asthma flareups over three months, compared to 36 (95%CI nine to 139) of 1000 for the remote-check-up group. There was no difference in asthma control (a measure of the amount of control a person has) or in quality of life (a test of a person's health) between remote and face-tomb-topics. We do not know whether the extra people with asthma who received a telephone or email reminder had a better asthma control. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes. There is insufficient information to say whether or not remote asthma check-ups are a safe option compared to being seen in person. We were confident in the results for these outcomes, but we were less confident because these outcomes are more prone to bias.
Three out of 16 identified studies were found, with a total of 212 patients with JIA. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 criteria of the review. The results of the studies showed that exercise does not worsen JIA, and that there was no evidence that exercise was harmful. The studies were all of low quality, which limits the strength of the evidence. More research is needed.
We found 19 trials with 2663 patients. The trials included adults with asthma who were in the ICU or in the hospital, and those who were not. The results of the trials show that antibiotics have some effect on treatment failure (i.e. the risk of treatment failure occurring) and on length of hospital stay. The effects of antibiotics on other outcomes (e.g. death, length of stay) are inconsistent, and they are absent for some outcomes (treatment failure) and absent for other (death, time spent in hospital). Few data are available on the effects of the use of antibiotics for asthma. These results show no evidence of an increase in adverse events. The studies did not show a difference in the risk for treatment failure between patients who were treated with antibiotics and those treated with placebo. There was no evidence for an effect on adverse events, and data show no increase in risk of adverse events with antibiotics compared to placebo.
We found nine studies that compared whole grain diets with lower whole grain or plain grain diets. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain on the risk of death from any cause (total heart disease), or on major CVD risk factors, such as blood cholesterol. Four studies were funded by government or non-profit organisations, while the other four studies were partly or fully funded by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. There is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine whether whole grain dietary interventions are beneficial or harmful for people at high risk of CVD. The studies were small and of short duration, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. The overall quality of the evidence was low. There was a need for well-designed, well-conducted studies with longer durations of follow-up to assess cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review found that there is limited evidence for the use of an air-stirrup (a type of walking cast) or a removable type of immobilisation to allow exercise during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. There is also limited evidence to support the early commencement of weight-bearing. There was no evidence of effect for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short-term. More clinical trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are required to strengthen current evidence.
This review of four studies found that the home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect on knowledge, but no change in CD4 count or viral load. A second RCT of carers’ drug diaries showed that the intervention group had fewer missed doses, although this result was not statistically significant. The intervention did not have an effect on CD4 counts. A non-randomised trial of peer support group (peer support group therapy) showed no effect on adherence, yet the percentage of participants with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80%. The second non-RCT of a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen showed no difference in adherence between children on a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase (NNRTI) regimen and children on an LPV/R regimen. However, the proportion of children achieving virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LPV orr regimen than for children receiving the NNRTIs. A third non-rCT of caregiver medication diaries did not show any effect on medication adherence or disease outcomes. Two interventions, an LP/r-containing regimen and peer support therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence yet demonstrated greater viral load suppression compared to control groups, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART are needed. No single intervention was evaluated by more than one trial. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. Two were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were non- randomised trials.
The review of five studies found that a single dose of oral (200 mg) of the drug fenoprofen 200 mg, given over 4 to 6 hours, was effective in relieving moderate to severe acute postoperative pain. There was no difference in the number of participants experiencing any side effects between fenopa-200 mg and placebo. No serious side effects or withdrawal from the studies were reported. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. Efficacy of other doses, other efficacy outcomes, and safety and tolerability could not be assessed.
In this review, six trials were included; three of these trials are new to this update. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical (prostaglandin) and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Pooling data on symptoms of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group. Pelvic floor muscle findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the pelvic floor muscles of the women receiving PFMT as an adjunct to surgery compared to surgery alone. The findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no change in symptom score change between groups, whilst another found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the group of the trial. There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of PFMT for prolapse symptoms and severity. Further evidence relating to the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of different intensities, for symptomatic prolapse, in the medium and long term is needed. A large trial ofPFMT supplementing surgery is needed to give clear evidence about the usefulness of combining these treatments. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle change interventions, and trials aimed at prolapse prevention.
The review of trials found that, compared to no drug treatment, quinolones can clear CSOM in the ear better than no drug, and are more effective than topical antiseptics. There was not enough evidence to show whether any difference was found between non-quinolone (with no steroids) or no drug (with steroids) treatments. The quality of the trials varied. Further trials should look at longer-term effects (for example, for hearing, or for hearing and hearing), and should include safety and side effects.
In this review, we included 21 studies with a total of 6253 people. Most studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's. In 20 studies, the use of FRS correctly identified around 5 in every 100 people with schizophrenia. In seven studies, FRS incorrectly identified around 1 in every 19 people who have schizophrenia. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others could be discharged from care early, if triage relies on the presence of the FRS to diagnose schizophrenia. Again, with a sensitivity of 60%, reliance on the diagnostic aid to diagnose the symptoms of schizophrenia in triage will not correctly diagnose around 40% of people that specialists will think to have schizophrenia, and will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. However, symptoms of first rank, where newer tests are not available - a situation which applies to the initial screening of most people with suspected schizophrenia. FRS remain a simple, quick and useful test for an illness of enormous clinical variability.
This is an update of the original review. The review includes 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update; all studies were conducted in the primary-care setting. There were 2003 participants in the 9 studies, and 44 in the 1 study. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) showed significant reduction in disease severity (reported as SCORing Atopic Dermatitis), and improvement in sleep. No study reported improvement in the quality of sleep. The other five studies could not be combined because of their heterogeneity. In three of five studies, the SCORAD (scoring atopic dermatitis) test was better in the intervention group. In all of the above studies, we judged that the confidence interval limits do not exceed 8.2 for objective SCORad. The studies measured quality of life in parents of children with eczema. Parents of children aged 8 to 12 years had significantly better improvements in the control group on 3 of the 5 subscales. This update has incorporated five new studies, all of which were conducted as an adjunct to conventional treatment for children. We did not identify any further studies using the psychological interventions. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original. A relative lack of rigorously designed trials provides limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic ecZema in children. However, there is some evidence from included studies that these may lead to improvements in objective severity, and in the children with the largest study, in their quality. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow a replication of the results. There is also a need for comparison of these interventions with stand-alone psychosocial self-help. Educational and psychological interventions require further development using a complex framework. Comparative evaluation is needed to examine their impact on eczemas severity, quality oflife, psychological distress, and cost-
This review of trials found that for people with LRTI, HBOT may reduce the risk of ORN, and the chance of wound breakdown. There was no evidence of any important clinical effect on brain injury. These trials did not report adverse events.
We found 10 studies that compared the use of blunt needles to the sharp needles. The evidence was of high quality. There is high quality evidence that the use blunt needles reduces the risk of blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion. The quality of the evidence was rated as high.
The review includes seven randomised trials with a total of 422 people with schizophrenia. The size of the studies ranged from 20 to 157 people. The studies were of moderate to very low quality. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between trifluoperazine and low-potency drugs. There was also no difference in numbers with at least one adverse effect (1 study). However, there was more movement disorders (2 studies). No data were available for other outcomes of interest. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of evidence for outcomes in the included studies was low. More, newer studies would be needed.
This review found nine trials that compared feeding in response to feeding and fed at a set time to preterm infants. The trials were generally small and contained various weaknesses. These trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospital stay. None of the included trials measured any parent, carer, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong evidence that responsive feeds affects outcomes for preterm babies or their families. Some (lack of) evidence exists that preterm newborns fed in response (to feeding cues) achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be treated with some caution because of weaknesses in the trials. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding of preterm infant affects other outcomes.
In this review, two randomised trials with a total of 161 people were included. The studies did not report on deaths and rate of limb loss. One trial showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in people who received a folic acid-based treatment (folic acid and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate). A second trial, with 18 participants, showed no difference (P non-significant) in the ABI in those who received multivitamin B supplements. No major events were reported. Currently no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of high-homocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further well constructed trials are urgently required.
In this review, we included two studies, with data from 503 dental practices. One study looked at the impact of the use of a charge for service on the placement of fissure sealants. The other study compared the impact on the number of filled teeth, health service use and healthcare costs. The study found that the dentist was more likely to carry out fewer fillings, but also to give more advice. There was not enough evidence to be able to compare the different types of payment. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies. The overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes, as assessed using the GRADE approach. The authors of the study did not report data on measures of health service or measures of patient outcomes. The second study used a method of study design that was designed to look at the effect of the capitation system. This study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland. However, the study was in the most deprived area and so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The results from the study showed a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm that was incentivised with a fee-for-service payment. In the study, the clinicians tended to see their patients less frequently, and tended to give preventive advice, but they tended to do more preventive care. There were no differences in patient outcomes between the two groups. There is a need for further experimental research in this area. Further research is needed to find out if the potential impact of financial incentives on clinical activity, and the impact this has on patient outcomes, is worth of attention given the cost-effectiveness of the different methods. The number of included studies is limited and the quality of evidence from the two included studies was low or very low, so the results should be interpreted with caution.
In this review, we included 21 randomised controlled trials with over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. The trials were of good quality. The review found that women who took zinc during pregnancy had a small reduction in preterm birth (14% relative reduction). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies with low birth weights. There was no clear differences between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes. No differing patterns were evident in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels, or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The evidence for a 14% relative benefit for zinc compared with placebo was primarily from trials of low income women, and this has some relevance in areas of high death rates. Since the preterm association could well reflect poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the health and nutrition of women in low-income countries rather than focus on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation in isolation, should be an urgent priority. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweight, and it was low for stillbirth or newborn death and birthweight. Trials were generally at low risk of bias.
We found 10 studies that compared the use of probiotics as an add on to antifungal drugs. The studies were of very low to low quality. The results of these studies showed a higher rate of clinical cure and decreased relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher frequency of cure at three months. There is a need for longer-term studies with larger sample size. Probiotics use does not seem to increase the frequency of adverse events. We found no studies for outcomes such as time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patients' satisfaction and cost. The quality of the evidence was very low or low.
In this update of the review, we found seven trials with 696 women. The seven trials were conducted in a range of countries. Two trials were in Germany and Italy which are high-income countries, while four trials in Iran, one in Turkey, and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan. In six trials all the women were included. In the seventh study, we combined the results of the seven trials. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool. The evidence ranged from very low to moderate. We are uncertain if treatment of women with the use of the progestogen, progestin A compared to placebo, or no treatment has any effect on the rate of preterm birth. The quality of the evidence is very low. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that the treatment of threatened miscarriage with the prophylactic use of progestogens, probably has little or no effect in reducing the miscarriage rate. However, the evidence for this outcome was based on only two small trials with very few events.
We found five studies that compared laser treatment to no treatment (or deferred) or to other laser treatment. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included. Four of the studies compared laser with argon laser and one study compared laser to selective laser treatment (i.e. laser treatment of the non-blood vessels). All studies were conducted in the USA, one study in the UK and one in Japan. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with a diabetic retinopathy of the retina, and one trial was of mainly people with non-disease. At 12 months, there was little difference between eyes that received laser treatment and those that did not. Treatment with laser reduced the risk of severe visual loss. There was a beneficial effect on progression of the disease, with treated eyes having a 50% lower risk of progression of disease. The risk of vitreous (the skin) bleeding in the eyes (vitreous) was reduced. None of the trials measured any other outcomes such as vision, pain, loss of driving licence or side effects. We judged the evidence to be low quality. This is partly due to the small number of included studies.
We found two trials with 269 adults. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). We judged both trials at high risk of bias. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after chest surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%). The mean age was 65 years. The findings of this review indicate that CPAP or a combination of CPAP and NPPV is an effective and safe intervention for the treatment of adults with upper abdominal surgery. However, the quality of the evidence was low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at a risk of bias. Three trials compared diazepam with a different analgesic agent (ketamine), and one trial (in both groups) compared spinal analgesia to nerve block. With regard to the primary outcomes, the trials showed that women in one small trial (101 women) were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective compared with vinydan-ether. In a further small trial, no difference was seen in the number of women (26 women) judging their pain as effective when compared with ketamine. In the trial (183 women) that compared spinal painkillers to pudendal nerve block, women were less likely to report severe pain. No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity. In terms of secondary outcomes, women receiving diazepapine compared with the alternative anaesthetic (vinydanether) were significantly less likely than women receiving ketamine to experience vomiting. No significant differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). Overall, there is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agents or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps delivery. Neonatal outcomes have largely not been evaluated. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analysis.
We found 15 studies with a total of 1048 people with asthma. Most of the trials were conducted in India, but some were in the United States. The majority of the people in the studies were adults of both sexes. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in most of studies. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that used breathing, posture, and yoga. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthmatic asthma. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in quality-of-life scores, but the results were not statistically significant. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage. No serious adverse events were reported, but data on this outcome was limited. We need more studies to confirm the benefits of yoga for asthma. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low, depending on the type of study.
This review included 10 trials (249 patients) that compared the effects of different drugs. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed a combined agent. Many of the studies did not present enough data for us to assess whether or not any of the drug treatments were effective. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as providing very low to moderate results. We were unable to combine the data from three trials (n = 78) because the trials were very different in design. We found that there was no evidence of an effect on the progression of IBM. Trials of methotrexate (MTX) (44) and IVIg (58) (both of which were reported in single trials) (all at 12 months) provided very low-quality evidence that MTX did not slow disease progression, based on percentage change in muscle strength sum scores. An open trial of ATG (12.50%) combined with MTX (44), MTX versus MTX, and AZA (AZA) (50) (at 12 months), did not allow us to report either normalised (mean difference (MD) -0.06, 95% CI - 0.15 to 0.03) between IFN-1a, MTX and placebo. Data from two trials of interferon-alpha (a drug that suppresses the production of T lymphocyte antibodies) and MTX were also reported, but we were not able to draw conclusions from these trials. None of the trials included a pre-defined treatment group to detect a treatment effect. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, and of longer duration, and that use well-designed, standardised, and responsive outcome measures. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. All analysed trials reported adverse events. Only 1 of the included trials interpreted these for statistical significance. Overall, the trial design limitations, low numbers of participants
In this review, we included nine studies with a total of 3144 people. The evidence is current to August 2014. We found that linezolid seems to be more effective than vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs, including those infections caused by MRSA. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the lineZolid group than for those receiving intravenous treatment. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral linezolis than with intravenous vancomys. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezools. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence. No new trials were identified for this first update.
We found eight trials with a total of 512 patients. The trials were of variable quality. The overall survival of the participants was no different between the two groups. The time taken to complete gastric surgery and the amount of blood loss were significantly reduced in the PPW group. However, some of the clinical outcome measures (e.g. red blood cell transfusion) favouring PPW procedure were found to be imprecise. All the results were based on low-quality evidence.
This review of six trials of calcium channel blockers in adults with head injury shows that their effects on the risk of death were not clearly different from each other. However, there was an increase in adverse events in the group of patients who received the drug, which may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients. More research is needed in this area.
In this review, we have been unable to determine whether the initial CPR and one and one of-half-to-three minutes (CPR) approach to initial defibrillation have similar effects on rates of return of spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment. Further rigorous research is needed to answer this question. The quality of the evidence was low. This is due to the small number of participants in the included studies and the fact that the results were imprecise. Further high-quality research is required.
The new search identified fifteen trials and three of these were included in the review. The number of oocytes retrieved were less in the GnRHa long protocol group. There was no difference in live birth rates. The total dose of drugs used to treat the ovarian down regulation was higher in the group receiving the GnRH long protocol. There were no clear differences in the rates of miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage rate. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular treatment either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in IVF. More robust data from good quality trials with relevant outcomes are needed. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray, from Rethink Fertility.
This 2009-10 update adds 21 new studies, with a total of 53 studies. The review found that family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events (recall) and the need for hospital admission. It also seems to improve the levels of expressed emotion in the family. We did not find data to suggest that the intervention prevents or promotes suicide. The results of these trials may be over-estimated. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
We found three trials that randomized a total of 263 people. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. The trials examined the treatment of symptoms caused by the blockage of the artery. All three trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. We found no clear differences in the incidence of death between DEBs and uncoated (non-drug-eluting) balloon angioplasty. However, the certainty of the evidence for all these outcomes is very low. The certainty of evidence presented was very low due to the small number of included studies, participants, and study design.
In this review, we found seven trials with a total of 922 children with KD. The trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. On pooled analysis, the evidence shows that use of steroids in the acute phase of KD can be associated with improved heart problems, shorter length of hospital stay, and a decrease in fever, rash, and time for laboratory tests (e.g. ESR, CRP) to normalise. Evidence was of high quality for the risk of death, serious adverse events, and the incidence of coronary artery problems, but there were problems with the way that the trials were done. Evidence presented in this study suggests that long-term steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD, but further studies are needed. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreased rates of heart problems. More tests are needed to answer these questions. The quality of the evidence was graded as high for adverse events (death and serious adverse event) and time taken for the ESR and CRP to normalize, and as moderate for duration of symptoms (fever, rash). This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work. No studies detailed outcomes beyond 24 weeks.
We found eight studies, which included a total of 846 infants. Four studies compared the PIP with control groups only. Four of these studies included a control group in addition to a treatment group. The studies involved women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, and prison populations. We found that PIP is more effective than other treatments (e.g. another PIP, videos, counselling, and behavioural therapy). There were no differences between PIP and control in any of the remaining outcomes. There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants securely attached, the number of infants with an avoidant (not wanting to be touched) attachment style, and an increase in the number infants moving from insecure to secure attachment. The results favoured neither PIP nor control for incidence of parental depression (low quality evidence). There was no evidence that there were differences in outcomes (i.e. adverse effects), or any adverse changes. We assessed potential bias (random sequence generation, blinding of participants and personnel, blindness, or other bias). Four studies were at low risk of bias in four or more domains. The included studies also involved relatively few participants. Where we downgraded the evidence, it was because there was risk of the study design or execution of the trial. For all comparisons, we rated the evidence as low or very low quality for parental depression and secure/disorganised attachment. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach to rate the overall quality of the evidence.
This review includes 11 trials (with 753 women). The low quality of evidence showed that there was no difference in the Apgar scores at one minute (N = six trials, 519 women). There was no evidence that giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women in labour improved the baby’s oxygen level or the mother's blood pressure. None of the 11 trials showed that extra oxygen was harmful. The very low quality and low risk of bias of the evidence was due to the low number of studies, the small number of women, and the small numbers of participants. The results should be interpreted with caution due to low grade evidence. Overall, we found no convincing evidence that supplementary oxygen given during elective (before) caesarean section under regional anaesthesia improves either the mother or the baby's outcomes. Although there were higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals, the results of the trials should be treated with caution as they are based on low-quality evidence.
In this review, we included twelve studies with a total of 2196 adults. We found that reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken (11%) by 11% in four trials. We also found two trials that looked at blood pressure (5.89 and 5.09) that provided data for the proportion of patients who were adherent to the reminder packing method. Two trials looked at the percentage who were not adherent, and found that the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy. In one study, reminder packing had no effect on blood pressure. No data were available for the other outcomes, which were serum vitamin C and E levels, and self-reported psychological symptoms (one trial each). We reported remaining data narratively. In summary we found a simple method for helping patients with certain conditions to take their pills. Reminder packing may represent a simple way to improve adherence for patients with selected conditions. Further research is warranted to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
This review of 15 randomised trials found that there is a high risk of bias in the trials. There were no significant differences between the groups in any of the outcomes. Methylprednisolone improved the enzyme markers of liver health, and trimetazidine, a beta-blocker, and dextrose, a protein-enuptake inhibitor, reduced the enzyme levels. However, there were few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of systematic errors. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
In total, we included 61 studies; 46 for the prevalence, six for both prevalence and risk factors, and nine for the risk factors. The 52 studies evaluating the prevalence of renal dysfunction, of whom at least 4499 had kidney tests, were of interest. The studies were varied in the types of kidney disease, treatments, and the ways in which these studies were conducted. This variation may be due to differences in the type of cancer, the treatment received, the length of the studies, or both. Of these 52 studies, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) GFR, including at least 432 CCS, and found it in 0% to 73.7% of participants. One eligible study also found an increased risk of glomerular function after a total of three treatments (an increase in the risk of GFR) in CCS receiving TBI. Four studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found that nephrectomy, TBI, and (high-dose (HD)) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased blood pressure. Four out of 52 studies assessed the prevalence for hypophosphatemia, which ranged between 0% and 36.8% for 287 participants, and from 0%. Eleven studies assessed low-pH levels, but could not find any evidence of a link between these and the risk factor. One study investigated low-hypophosphataemia in 246 participants. The majority also reported cisplatin. In addition, two studies showed an association of a longer duration of treatment with a higher risk of hypertension. Three studies showed that a higher body mass index (a measure of body weight) increased the risk for hypertension. Risk factors reported by one eligible study were older age at screening and abdominal radiotherapy. In one study, the risk was increased by long-term treatment. The risk of adverse renal effects after treatment with transdermal drugs, carboplatin, or any combination of these, ranged from 0% in the
In this review, two trials (182 participants in total) were found. Both trials showed that Niprisan® was effective in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cell disease. It did not affect the risk of severe complications, the level of anaemia, and the serious adverse effects. The single trial of Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) reported a possible benefit to people with painful crises. However, the results of its multicentre trials are awaited. Based on the published results, phytomedicines may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises (painful episodes). This needs to be further validated in future trials.
In this review, we included three studies with a total of 1999 adults with HL. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus a radiotherapist) with PET-adapted (treatment with a PET scan but not a radiitherm). The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable (progression-free) and unfavourable (prolonged) prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based or standard treatment. One study was published in abstract form; hence, this was not possible to assess. The other two studies reported no deaths. The overall potential risk of bias was moderate. The studies were not reported as randomised trials, but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. One of the three trials reported that no deaths in the PET-negative arms were reported, and two in those receiving standard therapy. We found that PFS (time to death) was shorter in individuals with HL and a negative PET scan receiving chemotherapy only (treatment only) than in those with HL receiving standard treatment with a raditherm. This difference was also seen in comparisons of people with HL who were receiving chemotherapy but no radiotherm and in those who were given chemotherapy plus radiotherapy. However, it is still uncertain whether those with advanced HL benefit from treatment adaptation, and the effect of such an approach in people with early HL is uncertain. No data on long-term AEs were reported. To date there have been no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, or overall survival. More research with longer follow ups may lead to more precise results for AEs, and QoL, and could evaluate whether this PFS advantage will translate into an overall survival benefit.
We found 31 trials that compared the same types of birth control pills with one other. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. Many of the trials had weight restrictions. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Where data could not be combined, single studies showed that women in the group using a hormonal pill had a higher mean fasting glucose (MD 0.20) and insulin area under the curve (AUC). Three trials examined a vaginal ring, and one examined an implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the group with a pill. Of eight trials of a hormone pill, five compared different hormonal pills, and three compared injectables. In a COC trial, a group using depot medroxyprogesterone (MD10.5) had higher means than the other group for fasting glucose, glucose response (MD 17.00), and fasting insulin (MD 3.40). Among five recent trials, two compared newer types of hormone pills. One showed the group of women using an oral pill with a higher AUC glucose and a lower mean change in glucose two-hour. In the injectable study, the group in the depot group showed lower AUC, but the obese and normal weight women did not differ significantly. Current evidence suggests no major differences in the amount of carbohydrate in the blood between different birth control pill types. We cannot make strong statements due to having few studies that compared different types. Many studies had small sample sizes and many had small losses.
We found 10 studies (549 participants) that met the review requirements. Five of the 10 included studies (419 participants) recruited people with hip OA. One of the studies (10) did not provide sufficient data for us to evaluate. The results of these 10 RCTs showed that land-based therapeutic exercise programmes can reduce pain and improve physical function among people with OA, at least three to six months after starting treatment. Pain and physical function were estimated to be 29 points on a 0- to 100 point scale (0 was no pain). The improvement in pain translated to a mean of 8 points (95% CI 4 to 12 points) compared with the control group. Physical function was also sustained (five studies, 367 participants): pain (0.38, 95% CI -1% -1%) and 24 points (1%) on a 100-point scale (no pain) in the group that started the programme. The number of points needed to treat for an improvement of 7 points was 7 points. Quality of life was 50 points in the general population (10 studies), but was not improved by exercise. There was no difference in pain or quality of life in the five studies with hip or knee OA (130 participants). Of the 10 studies reporting adverse events, each study reported one or two events. All were related to increased pain. The quality of the evidence for the outcomes of pain and quality of function was high, and for the outcome of withdrawal from the exercise group (6% drop-out) was low.
The results of the present review, which is based on nine studies with a total of 260 people, show that there is strong evidence in favour of exercise therapy in terms of muscle power function, exercise tolerance functions and mobility-related activities. Moderate evidence was found for improving mood. No evidence was observed for exercise therapy on fatigue and perception of handicap when compared to no exercise therapy. Finally, there was no evidence that specific exercise therapy programmes were more successful in improving activities and participation than other exercise treatments. The results of this review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups.
This review found only one trial, which was at a high risk of bias. This trial included 75 participants. The trial compared early (less than 24 hours after the diagnosis) or delayed (4.2 months after the surgery) bile duct surgery with the same surgery. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed group. The proportion of people who developed serious adverse events was 0/28 (0%). The other outcomes were available for 28 participants (28 people in the earlier group and 40 people in a delayed group). There was no significant difference in the risk of death in either group. In total, 14 people (6/35 or 17.1%) required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the group in which all the participants had surgery on within 24 hours. There was a shorter hospital stay in the later group than in the late group, and operating time was shorter in the latter group. There did not report quality of life or return to work. Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it appears that early (after diagnosis of biliary colic less than 24) laparoscopy (before surgery) is better than the delayed (after surgery) approach. There is a need for further trials to confirm or refute these findings, and to determine if the waiting time is shortened further.
A total of 11 trials were included in this review. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of the evidence for our outcomes. The main outcome was the risk of a serious, non-cancer event (SSI). The trials assessed the effects of a long-term, prophylactic dose of antibiotics. Long-term antibiotics probably reduce the risk for people undergoing SSI, and there is uncertainty of whether short-term (before surgery) antibiotics are more likely to reduce this risk. No reports described adverse effects of the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of these trials assessed or reported data regarding the other outcomes, and we were unable to show whether one antibiotic was better than another.
In this review, we included one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was small and the number of women in the trial was too small to detect a difference in outcomes. There were no differences in the outcomes of the two groups. There was a trend towards spontaneous preterm birth in pregnancies with gastroschisis. This review is unable to draw any firm conclusions about the benefits or harms of elective preterm births. Only one small trial is included. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week; 122 were randomised to the study, and 95 completed treatment. We found no studies in children. All studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data, and small size; none of the studies was at low-risk of bias. There was no convincing evidence to support or refute the use of paracetamol alone or when added to other painkillers for the first two steps of the three-step 'whole-life' (whole life) pain ladder. It is not clear whether any additional analgesic benefit could be found, in view of the doses used. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other side-effects, and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported. There is no high-quality evidence to show whether or not there is any benefit from the treatment of cancer pain. The quality of the evidence was very low.
In this review, 15 trials were identified, 14 in China and 14 in the USA. These trials were conducted in China, the USA, and both in and out of hospitals. There are currently too few data to confidently inform clinical practice. The quality of these studies was poor. No studies clearly described how the drugs were allocated and much data were missing. Most frequently the primary outcome was the size of the wet patch on the pillow. All results are vulnerable to considerable bias. For the outcome of 'no important improvement', the drugs astemizole and diphenhydramine were more effective than placebo, but the drugs used were those that can cause toxicity. The Chinese medicine suo quan (comprises spices, Chinese yam, bitter cardamom, and bitter rice) showed a benefit over doxepin. Of the other treatments, oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract) showed benefit over the antimuscarinic doxepin (n=104, 1 RCT, RR 0.45  to 7). The trials were of poor quality. There is a need for well-designed randomised trials. Some may be underway. Current practice outside of well designed randomised studies should be clearly justified. The limitations of the studies are plentiful and the risk of bias is high. These studies, however, are invaluable guides for current and future study design.
This review includes six studies with a total of 195 adults with MS. Two studies (with 195 participants) compared a type of muscle training with a threshold device; three studies (involving 195 participants with MS) compared expiratory muscle training versus no active control or sham training; and one study (with 18 participants) investigated regular breathing exercises. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found low-quality evidence that resistive inspiratory muscle-training with a resistive threshold device is moderately effective postintervention for improving predicted maximal inspiratory pressure in people with mild to moderate MS. However, the sustainability of the favourable effect is unclear, as is the impact of the observed effects on quality of life. It was not possible to perform a meta-analysis for adverse events, no serious adverse were mentioned in any of the included trials. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. Due to the low number of studies included, we could not perform cumulative meta-analyses or subgroup analyses.
In this review, the review authors found one trial (38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised, with only 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This trial found that compared to no medication, the use of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) did not reduce neonatal bleeding in ITP. There is insufficient evidence to support the use or potential trade-offs between the benefits and harms of this treatment. This review does not provide evidence about other medical treatments for treating ITP, and further trials are needed.
We found two studies, with a total of 111 patients, that met our inclusion criteria. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up for all patients. For the larger study, four surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure. No visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. The remaining 77 patients followed for at least three months. Neither of the included studies reported a difference in outcomes with regards to any of the measures of visual achievement, risk of rejection or failure, or both, and risk of other complications. For both types of surgery, these included adverse events, of varying severity, after the surgery. In recipients of the DALK, one participant had a problem with the blood vessels where the host and donor cornea come together. In the penetrating group, one of the participants had an atonic pupil, a condition in which the pupil dilates and is not active. Overall, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate, with methodological limitations (lack of data), incomplete data analysis and imprecision of findings, as well as high risk of bias in areas for both studies. We found some evidence that rejection is more likely to occur following DALK. We also found no evidence of a difference to graft survival, final corneal volume or keratometric outcomes. Therefore, even after removal of the Razmju 2011 data, it is still not clear which technique is better for graft failure. The small number of studies included in the review and issues relating to the two, mean that the overall quality of evidence in this review is low. There is currently no evidence to determine which technique may offer better overall outcomes - final visual acuity and time to attain this.
This review of 67 trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women, found that iron supplements reduce anaemia (a lack of iron in the blood) and iron deficiency, raises haemoglobin and iron stores, improves exercise performance and reduces symptomatic fatigue. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results.
In this review, five studies were included in this review. Among five included studies, there was no reduction in the risk of death due to any cause. There was no overall survival benefit of the combined treatment over irinotecan alone, and both regimens are reasonable options in treating patients with CRC. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes (diarrhoea, alopecies) in controls, and a lower risk of grade-3 and grade-4 neutropenia in controls. Given the low and moderate quality of the evidence, future studies with enough numbers of patients in each treatment arms are needed. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low, mainly due to the lack of information on how the study was conducted.
In this review there was evidence to suggest that a transverse or oblique incision has a less impact on lung function, is less likely to rupture and may look better. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times. The data on pain is less clear. The results in favour of transverse/oblique incisions (such as with regard to analgesic use) should be treated with caution. The optimal incision for abdominal surgery still remains the preference of the surgeon. Due to the differences in the method of assessment, the variability of data and the number of patients in the studies, it was difficult to pool some of the outcome data.
In this review, we included a total of nine studies with 981 adults. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in the US. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. All studies were judged as having high risk of performance bias and high risks of detection bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias. In MBR compared to usual care for people with low pain and low function, people who receive MBR had less pain (four studies, 336 people) and less functional disability (three studies, 240 participants), as well as increased likelihood of a return-to-work (two studies, 210 people). However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief treatment with features from a light program, a graded program, and advice on exercise, and counselling), we found no differences (two trials with 336 people, low- and very low-quality evidence, respectively), between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, and time away from work. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. Although we looked for adverse events, none of the included studies reported this outcome. The available research provides mainly low to very low evidence, thus additional high-quality trials are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We found 18 trials with 4843 men with prostate cancer. We found no clear difference in the proportion of men with pain response between men with bone metastases from prostate cancer and those who were on a 'dummy' treatment. There may be no differences in the number of deaths between the groups. There was no difference in pain response in men with osteonecrosis of the jaw. The number of bone fractures in the jaw and the incidence of death were similar in the groups treated with and without the drugs. We were unable to extract any data for analyses of the effect of the drugs on quality of life, pain, or death. We observed no clear differences in decreased pain relief. We did find that men receiving the drugs had more nausea (nausea) and renal (kidney) adverse events. We could not tell whether the drugs reduced the risk of the disease progression of the cancer. Based on our findings, there may be little or no difference for pain response, death, and bone fractures. The drugs may have reduced the need for bone grafts. However, these benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of renal adverse events and nausea in men receiving these drugs. Future studies should explicitly evaluate patient-important outcomes, such as quality of lives and pain, by using standardized and comparable assessment tools. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that HDT + ASCT is more effective in terms of time to death (PFS) in patients with relapsed FL. However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage. In the four trials in patients who had not received chemotherapy (four or less), there are no differences between the two treatment arms for terms of disease-free survival (OS), tumour recurrence (TRM) or cancer recurrence. These effects are confirmed in a subgroup analysis (one trial) adding rituximab to both treatment arms. The trial had to be stopped early, due to a statistically significant PFS advantage in the HDT+ASCT arm. In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT plus ASCT compared with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in previously untreated patients with FL. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect more precisely. Moreover, longer follow-up data are necessary.
In this review, we included 15 randomised trials with 1437 people. There was a high risk of bias within the trials but overall, risk for selection bias (bias) was low. Data showed WDD improved the global state of participants, but there was no effect on global or mental state. However, when WDD was compared with antipsychotics, such as chlorpromazine, there was a lack of effect. WDD caused fewer adverse effects. When WDD combined with an antipsychoid, the effects of WDD were found for global and mental state, and the combination caused fewer side effects. We found no data on outcomes that could be used directly to assess the quality of life, the use of hospital services, or the cost of treatment. The quality of the studies was low or unclear. The evidence is not high quality. More large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects for people with schizophrenia.
We found three new studies, bringing the total to 12 studies (with 799 people). We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of low risk. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a review of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment, pain and root resurction. There was only one study (24 people) in the group. The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference (MD -2.68 mm, 95% CI 6.75 to 1.38; 2 studies, 127 participants). There were two studies in the same group, but it was not appropriate to combine the data. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root resorption. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Three studies in two groups. 2. Multistrand stainless steel versus a variety of other materials. 3. conventional NiTi versus a particular type of wire. 4. Conventional and a single-strand wire. 5. Single and single strand wires. 6. NiTi arch wires made of a single, single, or a pair of wires. The evidence from the studies was of low to very low quality. This was because of the small number of studies and participants. The quality of the evidence was low for pain, time to alignment, tooth movement over 12 weeks, pain, tooth resorction, and tooth decay.
This review includes just one study of 306 older people with a mean age of 86 years. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three scales. For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items) and an average score ( 203) for the following domains: (1) pacing (13), (2) hitting (nine), (3) swearing (three), (and) (4) aggression (nine). There was no difference in change scores between groups. There were no differences in scores on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scale), the Observation Scale (OS; 25-point scale), and the Physodynamic Scale (PST; a scale that measures change in behaviour). The quality of this evidence is very low.
In this review we included 13 trials with 1316 adults. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow up periods. The data were not suitable for analysis. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products. Two trials tested a structured skin care technique. One trial compared the use of soap and water alongside frequencies of use of topical products. We found evidence in two trials, being of low to very low quality, that soap and washcloths (skin cleansers) might be more effective than soap and waters. The second trial indicated that a structured, washcloth-type procedure, being a washcloth, with cleansing, and skin protectants, might be effective. The other trials, all being of very low to moderate, suggest that a leave-on product (skin protectant, or skin protectant) might have more effect than not applying a skin product. No trial reported on the third primary outcome of the review, the number of people not satisfied with treatment, or on adverse effects. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. The evidence in this review is current up to 28 September 2016. Little evidence exists on the effects of the interventions for prevent and treating IAD in adults. The performance of products depends on the type of ingredients, the amount applied, and the use (e.g. amount of soap). High quality confirmatory trials are required. Furthermore, to increase the comparability of trial results, we recommend the development of a core outcome set, including validated measurement tools.
In this review, we included seven studies with a total of 333 patients. Three studies were in the care of patients in the hospital and two studies in the home. The age of the patients ranged from two years to young adults. The type of antiviral, administration route, and treatment duration varied in the trials. The results of the trials were not consistent. There were some results that favour treatment over control, but the quality of the evidence is very low and may not be clinically meaningful. There was a small decrease in the time to recovery as assessed by the physician, but this may be of limited clinical significance. In terms of viral shedding, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. The quality of evidence was very low. The majority of included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2014.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks. The results showed no significant differences in the control of glucose in the blood, nocturnal, and severe hypoglycaemia. Insulin glargine was dosed twice-daily, while insulin detemir was started in the evening. Of the 2250 people in the studies, 13.6% to 57.2%, were injecting insulin twice daily at the end of trial. There was no significant difference in the number of patients with high blood sugar levels in 24-hour profiles between treatment groups. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or mortality. Only one of the four studies reported results on the health-based outcomes and showed no differences between groups. Our analyses suggest that there is no difference in control or safety between the insulin-based drugs for the treatment of high blood glucose. However, to achieve the same glycaemic control, insulin was often injected in a higher dose but with less weight gain, with somewhat fewer injection site reactions. Treatment with insulin glargate resulted in a lower daily basal insulin dose and a lower number of injection site adverse events. Overall, risk of bias of the evaluated studies was high.
Six trials assessed the effects of SNS for the treatment of patients with faecal fainting. In the crossover trial by Kahlke, 14 patients with FI in the SNS group had fewer episodes of bowel movements during the 'on' (1 (SD, 1)), 'off', and 'crossie' (2 (SD) weeks). In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 patients with severe bowel movements in the group of participants who received SNS experienced fewer bowel movements compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy (mean difference (MD) 5.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.30, 95%, 95% CI −10.34 to −2.26 at 12 months). Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the trial carried out by Thin, 15 participants with FI experienced fewer episodes (MD 3.00 and 95%CI 3.61 to 0.61) more than in the percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) group. In addition, adverse events occurred in some patients where these were reported. In three participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain during temporary testing (n = 1); and stimulator-site pain following insertion of a neurostimulator (2); and haematoma formation (3); misplacement of tined lead (1); and pain at stimulator site (1). Two trials assessed SNS to treat constipation. Neither study reported adverse events. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning with 59 participants, SNS did not improve frequency of bowel movement, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound infection (12), and urological (17) events. Outcomes were reported
This review of two trials (n = 190), at low risk of bias, were included in the review. Data on first time failure at the tooth level were also available and showed that molar tubes bonded with molar bands were more likely to fail (57% in favour, 25%) than molar band-bonded (25%). One trial showed that there was less decay of the molar teeth (25%) with bonded molar tubs cemented with glass ionomer (a cement that dissolves calcium) than with bonded tubes cemented in a light-cured adhesive. No other adverse events identified.
We found 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012). We collected the data from the largest series of studies of EUS. Overall the quality of the studies was good. However, only five studies had a high risk of bias (that is, the results of the EUS test might be biased). Two studies presented a risk of selection bias. For the primary tumor (T) stage, results were ranked by the depth of invasion of the gastric wall. The analysis of 50 studies (n = 4397) showed that the summary sensitivity (or sensitivity) and specificity (the ability to identify the cancer in the stomach) of this diagnostic tool was 0.86 and 0.90 respectively for the T1 (early gastric cancer, EGC), T2 (muscle-infiltrating) tumors, respectively. When we addressed the capacity of the diagnostic tool (EUS) to distinguish between superficial tumors (T1a versus T1b) and lymph nodes (positive versus negative), the meta-analysis of 20 studies (N = 3321) showed 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI), 95% CI, 81 to 92), respectively. Finally, for the cancer involvement of lymph nodes, we found that the analysis of 44 studies (3573) showed a summary sensitivity and specificity of 0.83 (95%, CI, 79 to 95), respectively, in the T-stage. Overall, we observed large heterogeneity and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be drawn about the use of EUs in routine clinical settings. Therefore, all accuracy measures reported in the present work and the available evidence should be interpreted cautiously. Moreover, we must emphasize that the data analysis of positive and negative likelihood values revealed that EUS can be considered useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with stomach cancer, but its diagnostic performance cannot be considered optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion. Furthermore, physicians should be warned that E
In this review, we identified a total of six trials with 492 adult patients. The number of patients in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age in the trials varied between 40 and 47 years. The proportion of women in the trial varied between 74% and 84%. The trials were conducted in a number of countries. The trials reported that there were no deaths in either of the groups. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 333 participants; SMD: -0.11). There was also no difference in pain (3 trials; 175 people; 95% CI: 1.6%) in the one trial that reported this. However, the trial stated that there was no death in the group. We could not combine the data from the remaining trials. We inferred from the other outcomes of our review that there are no deaths at any time point. No significant difference was seen in the proportion of people requiring hospital stay. No differences were seen in quality of life between the group of patients who had day-surgery and the overnight stay group. For all outcomes except pain, the accrued information was far less than the required information size to exclude bias. The quality of the trials was not high. The results of the randomised clinical trials are weakened by risks of bias (play of chance). More trials are needed to assess the impact of day versus overnight stay surgery in laparoscopic gallstones.
This review found eight studies, involving 2488 people. Two more studies and 415 more people than the previous version of this review. We found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks about 10% more participants reported themselves much or very much improved with high-concentration (high-pressure, high-frequency, and/or intense) capsaicin than with 'active' (active) placebo; the point values of numbers needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTs) were 8.8 (95% CI 4.6 to 15) at 8 weeks (2 studies, 571 participants). For painful diabetic neuropathy, we found two studies (801 participants). One study reported the proportion of people who improved at 12 weeks (27%). For both studies, more participants (10%) had average 2 to 12-week pain intensity reductions (at least 30%) than control, with an NNT of 11 (very low quality). For peripheral diabetic nervepathy (369 participants), we found one study (10%). It reported about 10%. The NNT values for pain intensity were between 10 and 12 (moderate quality evidence). No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious adverse events did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common with control than active treatment, based on small numbers of events (six to eight studies). The quality of the evidence was moderate or very low for most outcomes, due to sparse data.
We found three trials, with 6343 people. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of stenosis and in the way they defined stroke. We did a pooled analysis of individual patient data (35,000 patient years of follow-up), and re-analysed the data. We found that surgery increased five-year risk of ipsilateral stroke, and was of benefit in people with 50% to 69% stenosis. However, there was no evidence of benefit for people with 70% to 99%, or for those with near-occlusion (blood flow to the brain). We found no benefit in the treatment groups of surgery on the carotid artery. There was some benefit for the use of endarterectomy, but this was of some benefit only in people who had 50%, to 69%, to 99% symptomatic stenosis, and no benefit on the other outcomes. We judged the evidence from the three trials to be of moderate- to high quality.
This review of 10 studies, with a total of 864 participants, found that there is not enough good-quality evidence to support or refute one surgical technique over the other. The results of the studies were not consistent. The studies were of moderate, low-, and very low-quality. None of the included studies measured any of the outcomes that are of interest, such as the incidence of parastomies, or deaths. The available moderate-, low-, very-low, and low- and very-poor-quality data did not support the use of one of the studied stoma formation techniques. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016.
In this review, we found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 adults. We found no significant differences in the main outcomes of relapse, mental state, and general functioning, between supportive therapy and standard care. There were some differences in outcomes, such as hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care, favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning. Overall, the evidence was of very low quality. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation and general mental state indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapies, but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
In this review, 11 studies were included, lasting one week or longer. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size; none was at low risk. None had a placebo only control; eight compared different NSAIDs, three NSAIDs with opioids, and one both. None of the NSAIDs plus opioid with the same dose of opioid alone. It was not possible to compare the use of NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or one NSAID with another. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised group. We judged results for all outcomes as very low. There is no evidence to support or refute the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. Some people with cancer pain can achieve substantial levels of benefit within one or two weeks. There were no deaths, but these were not related to any pain treatment. Side effects with NSAIDs were reported in 22 of the studies, and most were mild. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), and sleepiness (11%). Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of effect (24%) or adverse events (5%). There is not enough evidence to show that NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids are helpful for the treatment of cancer pain.
This review of two studies, with 287 people with sickle cell disease, found that the low-molecules-weight (in the form of heparin) is a safe and effective treatment for Vaso-occlusive crises. However, the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This means that the results of this review are not certain and need to be treated with caution. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and was a conference abstract. This study reported that pain severity at day two, and at day 4, was lower in the group treated with tinzaparin. Thus, the results suggest that the treatment with a single low-heparin (tinzapirin) may result in more rapid resolution of pain, as measured with a scale. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was 1.78 days in favour of the placebo group. The second study (unclear-to-high-risk-of-bias) included 34 people and was also an abstract. The results of the study addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review. After one day pain was reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the placebo groups. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events, and none were reported in the tiniaparin group.
This review did not find any completed randomised trials and did not show any evidence of a difference in the risk of death or disability between anticoagulants and antiplatelet drugs. There were also no trials directly comparing antiplatelets with anticoagenulants. There is therefore no evidence to support their routine use for the treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissection.
In this review, we identified 26 trials (2066 patients). We grouped results according to wound type, and to the silver preparation. We found no evidence to support the use of topical silver (in a variety of formulations) or silver-coated gauze (in one trial) for wound healing. There is insufficient evidence to show whether topical silver cream or dressing (such as silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) prevent wound infection. One trial showed fewer wound infections with SSD cream compared with a non-silver dressing. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver dressing. One showed fewer infections with the silver-containing dressing, but three trials showed more infection with SSD. Only one trial in diabetic foot ulcers showed a reduction in healing time with silver-coloured gauze. Most of the trials (seven) found no significant differences in wound infection rates; one trial (seven trials) found fewer wounds infected with SSD, but another, in acute wounds, found significantly more. There was some poor quality evidence for SSD, which suggests the opposite.
In this review we included 12 studies with 3571 adults with VAP. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all people. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with drug companies. We did not find a difference between monotherapy (a single treatment) and combination therapy (multiple treatment) for the treatment of people with Vap. We found no statistical difference in all-cause deaths (N = 4; odds ratio (OR) (95% confidence interval (CI) (73) to 1.30), clinical cure (n = 2; OR (88) (% CI (56 to 1).), length of stay in ICU (mean (MD) (65, 95%CI 0.07 to 1) or adverse events) or clinical cure for this comparison. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin for clinical cure in the clinically evaluable population and there was a statistically significant increase in clinical cure with tigcycline compared to the combination of imipanem-cilastatin. Of importance, this effect was due to one study. Due to lack of studies, we could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP, but carbapenems as a class may result in better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. For this comparison we downgraded the quality of evidence for mortality, clinical cure, and clinical cure of VAP to moderate. We determined clinical cure to be of very low-quality evidence. We also found no statistically difference in death from any cause, adverse events, or adverse treatments between carbapens and non-carbapenem therapies. We downgraded this evidence to low quality evidence for adverse events.
We found 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled) of 11 drug classes for restriction. Most studies were conducted in low- and middle-income countries. The impact of policies varied by drug class. When policies targeted the gastric (acid) and non-steroidal drug classes, the use of drugs decreased, and substantial savings on drugs occurred. However, the cost of other health services increased, and policies decreased the use. In other words, restricting access to drugs can decrease third-party drug spending, and can also increase access to health services.  Relaxing reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. However, policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs. Health system and health effects should be measured.  Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society, for instance, should be explicit.
We searched for studies that compared any form of oral health maintenance (OHA) with no OHA. The studies had to be randomised controlled trials. We included studies that reported a wide variety of outcomes, including: the outcomes of oral disease, the results of dental cleaning, and the outcome of dental decay. There was not enough evidence to recommend any one-to-one OHA method as being effective in oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further studies are required. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence.
Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 people) of oral steroids, one trial (40 people) and three trials (32 people) comparing oral steroids with placebo or no treatment. One trial reported that oral steroids had a short-term benefit in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. A second trial reported no significant differences between oral steroid and placebo in pain or range of muscle movement but it suggested improvement occurred earlier in the steroid treated group. A third trial reported a more rapid initial improvement in pain compared to no treatment but negligible differences by five months. There were minimal adverse effects reported. The trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial and all three trials used different comparators.
In this review, we identified three trials with a total of 50 people with ALS. All the trials were of poor quality. Moreover, the high rate of attrition further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on how the ALS scores at six months and one trial contained data in a suitable form for analysis. No difference was seen between rTMS and sham (pretend) TMS using ALSFRS-R scores and manual (MMT) scores at 12 months. No adverse events were reported. There is currently no evidence to support the use of TMS in ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact on the patients. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations and incomplete outcome data, treatment with the TMS cannot be judged as completely safe.
This review of 10 trials (with a total of 1049 participants) showed that adding a very potent (or'very potent') steroid (clobetasol) to corticosteroids is effective and safe in controlling BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP. Starting doses of prednisolone greater than 0.75 mg a kg/day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of adverse reactions. The effectiveness of adding plasma exchange, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil to cortics, and combination treatment with tetracycline and nicotinamide needs further investigation. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids with a milder regimen in one trial.
The review found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of the condition. Some herbal medicines have been shown to be effective, but the quality of the included trials was low. The trials were small, and the results should be interpreted with caution due to small sample sizes and lack of data. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional medicine, and compared to standard medicine alone. No serious adverse events from the herbal medicines were reported.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the use of LNG and other drugs on a regular basis. The trials were carried out in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses of levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg and other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not well-studied. Most women liked the method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. The studies of pericoital (peritoneal) LNG had promising results, but many had serious problems with the design of the studies. Most reports were decades old and provided limited details. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of LTP as a primary means of contraception among women with infrequent intercourse. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
This review of 15 studies, with a total of 561 randomised patients, found that there was a lack of evidence that any one technique was better than another. The age range of patients in most of the studies was young adults (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females in the studies, although there was more female patients in some studies, was similar. There was strong evidence of an effect of surgical anchorage on this outcome. Compared with conventional (non-surgical) (where the teeth are fixed to the head of the head), surgical (where teeth are stuck to the gum) anchorage was more effective in the reinforcement of upper first molars. This result should be viewed with some caution, however, as there were a number of studies for this outcome, and the results of these studies were not consistent. There is moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is more effective with surgical (when teeth are fitted to the top of the jaw) than conventional (when they are fixed into the gum). There was no evidence of a difference in overall duration of treatment between surgical and conventional anchorage. Information on patient-reported outcomes such as pain and acceptability was limited and inconclusive. No included studies reported adverse effects. There were no reported harms of any of the techniques. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of mesiodistal movement of upper molars, and low for other outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
We found 50 studies (45,285 people). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Seven studies comparing statins with placebo or no treatment had lower risk of systematic error; and three studies (5547 people) compared two statin treatments. Statins clearly reduced risks of death, major heart events, and MI (death due to heart disease) by 20% in people with CKD, who did not have CVD at baseline (primary prevention). We were able to combine 38 studies (37,274 people). Compared with placebo/no treatment, statin-lowering drugs prevented major cardiovascular events (13 studies, 36,033 participants; RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.66 to 0.79), cardiovascular death (7 studies, 19,059 participants), and MI. We were uncertain about effects on stroke (5 studies, 8658 people). Potential harms from statin therapy were limited by lack of reporting, and we had few events. We found uncertain effects on progression of CKD. Data for relative effects of statin lowering in people who have early stages of kidney disease were sparse. Overall, we found that statins have an important role in primary prevention of heart disease and mortality in people not yet on dialysis.
We found nine trials with 379 participants. All of the trials were parallel designed and compared the use of drugs for pain in children and young adults with cystitis. Five of the studies were on CP and one study was on OI. Pain was a secondary outcome in five of the eight studies. For pain in CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain (mean difference (MD) 4.20, 95% CI 2.61 to 50.59, respectively). In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial, there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. No adverse events were reported in this trial. The trial investigating pamidronate found no evidence of pain (MD 26.60 and CI 26.25, respectively) among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT-A trials mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those receiving alendronate. Based on current data this systematic review is unable to determine the effects of pharmacological interventions for pain for CYP with LLCs. Future trials with larger populations should examine the effects on pain of the drugs commonly used as analgesics; with the rising prevalence of many LLCs this becomes more necessary. The evidence that is currently available evaluated pain largely as a second outcome and the drugs used were all adjuvants and not always commonly used in general paediatric palliative care for pain.
This review of trials found that there is no effect of latrepirdine in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer’s disease. There was some low-quality, low-risk evidence that there was a small, very small, benefit for behaviour with the drug. There were no serious adverse events, dropouts, and dropouts due to adverse events with this drug. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality. However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit of latREPirdine on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), which is a tool used to assess the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias. This was due to selective outcome reporting. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes. Four trials with 1034 patients were identified. No data were available from the seventh trial. The results of the seven trials were not consistent. There is not enough evidence to determine whether or not the drug has any effect on cognition and function in AD. There appears to be a modest benefit for behaviours, though there is some low quality evidence that it may be beneficial to behaviour. Further studies should look at the potential benefit of the drug on the development of symptoms in AD, and should investigate the effects of the drugs on cognitive function.
We found seven trials, with 735 people, that compared the effects of RIC with no RIC. We included three trials (with 371 people) in this review. We found that in people with recurrent stroke, there was no difference in the incidence of ischaemic stroke between RIC and non-RIC. In people with carotid stenosis, the risk of recurrent stroke was reduced by RIC (2 trials, 182 people). There was no reduction in the stroke severity in people treated with RIC, but there was a significant increase in the rate of death or dependency. No severe side effects were reported. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events. No trial reported the effects on the severity of stroke, improvement in symptoms, or adverse events. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for recurrent stroke and low quality evidence for stroke severity. We assessed the quality as very low for acute stroke, and very low-quality evidence for cerebral small vessel disease. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018.
In this review, we included six studies, with 204 infants. The studies were conducted in a number of countries, and involved a range of preterm infants. We did not find any studies in low resource settings, as none of the included studies were done in these settings. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups (triceps MD 0.06 mm/wk, one study, 20 infants; or subscapularMD 0.01 to 0.12; four studies, 68 infants; I² = 89%). There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. The protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays, higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations, and higher serum albumin concentrations. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein, and be designed to determine the effects on duration of hospital stay, feeding intolerance, and necrotising enterocolitis.
This review includes 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared the use of PEM to the same PEM used in the same study. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and compared to no intervention, we may have a small effect on the professional practice outcomes. There is not enough information to reliably estimate the effect of the PEMs on patient outcomes, and the effect sizes of the observed effect sizes is not known. From the data gathered, we could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness.
A total of 5271 references were screened and of these 23 studies, most were from the USA and were conducted in health-care clinics. They were heterogeneous in length, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed. None of the studies mentioned HPV or cervical cancer. There were few effects on abstaining from sex, rates of HPV infection or the risk of cancer progression. There was a trend towards greater condom use. The main outcomes were behavioural outcomes (e.g. increasing condom use) and outcomes on the risk and incidence of STI. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of studies in this review and the wide variation in the results. Future studies should focus on HPV and its link to cervical cancer, with long-term follow-up to assess impact on the behaviour change, rates and progression of HPV. Studies should use an RCT design where possible with integral process evaluation, cost-effectiveness analysis where appropriate. Given the predominance of USA studies in the review evaluations conducted in other countries would be useful.
In this review of twenty studies with a total number of 2337 people we found that short-term (less than 30 minutes) psychoeducation can help people with schizophrenia to remember to take their medication. It can also help people to remember their medication and take their medicine more often. It also helps people to take more of their medication, and to be more aware of their mental state. It does not seem to make a difference to the number of people who relapse or die from schizophrenia. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in the short term (n = 62, 1 RCT, MD 0.79 to 2.05), nor in the death rate in either group (2 RCTs, MD 154, RR 0.99 to 6.65). The quality of the evidence was mainly low to very low. This means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
In this review, we included 11 studies with 9839 people. Most studies included people with COPD that had not had a recent flare up. One study included only people with recent flareups. The results of the studies were combined. The studies were of low or moderate quality. Compared to the LAMA+LABA arm, the results for the treatment of COPD were as follows: fewer exacerbations, a larger improvement of the lung function test, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in the SGRQ. These data were supported by low- or moderate-quality evidence. For the review, our findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for the primary outcomes, and as moderate for the secondary outcomes.
In this update, we included three studies with 91 children aged 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in the USA (two studies) and Spain. We added no new trials for this update. One study of 15 children with moderate to severe croup treated with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes (mean difference (MD) -0.83). There may be no difference between groups at 20 minutes. The mean croup score at 60 minutes (MD -1.11, 95% confidence interval (CI)) but not at 120 minutes. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean respiratory rates at 90 minutes but may have little or no difference overall. In another study, 47 children treated with one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg or kg) with either treatment for 60 minutes or no treatment. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen with one to two doses of adrenaline. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not pool the available data because each comparison included data from only one study. Due to very limited evidence, uncertainty remains about the effectiveness and safety of heliox. The evidence for all outcomes in this comparison was of low quality, downgraded due to high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting.
In this review, eight studies were included in the review. There were 29 groups of index tests, however, only two featured in more than two studies. The available evidence does not support the use of many red flags in primary care. Based on evidence from single studies, few red flags appear to be useful. The results of combined tests appeared to be more accurate. It should also be noted that many red flag have high false positive rates; and if acted upon, the cost of management and outcomes of patients with LBP would be high. From the limited evidence, the findings give rise to a weak recommendation that a small subset of red flags (the 'index' tests) may be useful to screen for vertebral fracture.
In this review, two trials were identified. One trial compared the outcomes of surgery and surgery alone in 210 adult men with urethral stricture disease. There were insufficient data to determine which treatment was best. The second trial compared urethrotomy (surgery to the urethra) and surgery for urethroplasty (surgically inserted device) in 50 men with traumatic stricture of the prostate. There was no significant difference in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years. After two years, 16 of 25 men (64%) who were treated by surgery required further surgery. Six of 25 (24%) men needed further surgery for stricture recurrence. There were not enough data to perform meta-analysis or to reliably determine the effect size. There is a need for well designed, adequately powered, multi-centre trials to answer relevant clinical questions regarding treatment of men with urinary strictures.
This review of six trials (including one trial testing two treatments) found that there was no clear difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacerbations requiring oral corticosteroids (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% CI 0.87 to 1.32; the large confidence interval (RR) translates into 17% to 25% risk of exacerbations in the intermittent ICS group varying between 17% and 25%, assuming a 19% risk with daily ICS). There was no significant difference between the two treatment groups in terms of serious adverse health events (1055 patients, RR 0.82, 95%CI 0.33 to 2.03). In children and adults with persistent asthma and in preschool children suspected of persistent asthma, there was low quality evidence that intermittent and daily inhaled ICS strategies were similarly effective in the use of rescue oral steroids and the rate of severe side effects. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily, inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harm of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term (> one year) impact of intermittent therapy on lung growth and lung function decline.
This review of 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD found that dietary changes may increase the health of people with the disease, improve quality of life, and lower blood pressure and cholesterol levels. However, dietary changes were not found to have an effect on the risk of death or heart disease. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We found one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and pains in the chest). The study compared the effects of nebulised saline and mist in a tent. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using mist (or cool mist therapy) in children up to three years old.
We found four studies (1154 people) that assessed the role of statins in Alzheimer's disease. All studies had a high risk of bias. The primary outcome in all studies was change in cognitive function from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference 0.26). There was no difference in the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from baseline (mean 0.32). Three studies reported adverse effects. We found no studies assessing role of staminolone in treatment of VaD. There was low risk of significant bias for all studies. We assessed risk of systematic error as low. The results from the studies available, including two large trials, indicate that statins have no benefit on ADAS-Cog or MMSE. There were no significant difference between statins and placebo (odds ratio 1.09, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.58 to 2.06, P value = 0.78). We assessed behaviour, global function or activities of daily living in the statin and placebo groups.
This review of four studies, with a total of 149 participants, found that there is no evidence of benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range of motion in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A or Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in 26 children and adults. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing a day splint and not wearing night splints. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchennes muscular dystema. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo, there was no significant difference in ankle movement between the two groups. Increasing the daily dose to 1.5 mg/ kg/day had no significant effect on ankle movement. Another study evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with achilles tendon contractures. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of tendon contracture. Further research is required.
This review of 25 trials (5218 women) found that women who were upright were one hour and 22 minutes less likely to have an epidural (epidural). They were also less prone to have a caesarean birth, and babies were less likely in the neonatal unit. There were no differences in length of the second stage of labour, or between groups for other outcomes. Babies of mothers who were awake were more likely to be admitted to a neonatal ward. There was no clear evidence that upright and mobile (with or without bed care) was better than bed and bed care. The quality of the trials was variable. More research is still needed to confirm with any confidence the true risks and benefits of upright (walking) and recumbent (lying) positions compared with bed (lying). Based on the current findings, we recommend that women in labour should be informed of the benefits of the upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whichever positions they choose.
In this review we found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), which were of low to very low quality. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 people with the 'disputed type' of TOS. The trial had a high risk of bias. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial that analyzed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles. This trial had low risk of biased. There was no significant effect of the BTX treatment over placebo, but it did improve pain relief at six months. This review was complicated by a lack of well-defined criteria for TOS, and had to rely on the assessment of the TOS by the researchers. There is moderate evidence to suggest that there is no evidence from RCTs for the use of other treatments.
The review of trials found that a hand brace (four weeks), ultrasound, yoga and carpal bone mobilising (three weeks) are effective treatments for pain and function. Other non-surgical treatments (elevator, magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care) do not produce significant benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
In this review, we included two studies that enrolled a total of 708 people. The two studies compared IVS with no treatment or observation. We found that IVS was not associated with an improvement in visual acuity, but did show a higher risk of adverse events. The most commonly encountered adverse events were increased pressure in the eyes, progression of cataracts, and retinal narrowing. The studies were of high risk of bias due to incomplete outcome data. The quality of evidence was low due to study limitations. We graded the quality of the studies as low, due to limitations in the design, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting. The results from the SCORE study should be interpreted with caution as outcome data were missing for a large proportion of the observation group. A qualitative assessment of the results from GENEVA indicated that the steroid dexamethasone implant was not linked to improvement in vision after six months among participants with CRVO-ME. However, participants treated with 1 mg (n = 82) or 4 mg of triamcinolone intravitreal injections were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in vision compared with participants in the observation groups. By the eighth-month follow-up examination, the average vision acuity decreased in all three groups, but eyes treated with 3 mg of IVS lost fewer letters than those in the control group. Adverse events were observed more often with IVS treatment compared with observation/no treatment. As many as 20% to 35% of participants experienced an adverse event in the IVS groups compared with 8% of those observed alone. The GENEVA investigators reported 63% in the treatment arm versus 43% of observation participants experienced a side effect.
In this review, six trials were included. Five of the six trials demonstrated that treatment with intranasal steroids (given in a single dose of 400 mcg to children with mild to severe nasal obstruction) may improve nasal symptoms and decrease the size of adenoids. The second four-week study showed that the nasal obstruction index (NONA) score (a measure of nasal symptoms) decreased by 50% in 38% of patients treated with beclomethasone (400 mcg/day) between week 0 and week 2. The third parallel-group trial (200 mcg) for 40 days demonstrated that 77.7% of the patients treated (at least 50%) treated with mometasone (a steroid) (100 mcg a day) demonstrated an improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms, and this improvement may be associated with a reduction in adenoid size. The fourth trial showed that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide was associated with larger reduction in nasal size than isotonic saline solution. The fifth trial demonstrated that fluticasone, a steroid, significantly reduced the number of children with nasal obstruction and reduced the amount of nasal tissue in the nasal cavity. Adenoidectomy could be avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline. In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in symptoms nor in the size or appearance of the nasal canal after eight weeks treatment with a corticosteroid (200 microg per day). The evidence is current to September 2014.
In this review, we included one small study (24 women). This study compared a control group who received blood pressure control drugs, anticonvulsant (drugs that reduce the amount of blood in the blood), plasma expanders, and dypyridamole with a group that received an epidural block. The study was at low risk of bias. This study did not report on any of this review's outcomes. For the mother, these were: death (death in utero at or after 20 weeks' gestation), death before discharge, death within the first 28 days, deaths after 28 days; pre-birth (the birth before 37 completed weeks' gestations). For the baby, these included: death: stillbirths (baby deaths), death during pregnancy, death in the first week of life, and preterm birth (the baby is given birth at or shortly after 37 complete weeks'. The included study only reported on a single secondary outcome: the Apgar score (a measure of the baby’s health), and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. Reported outcomes The study also reported a reduction in maternal diastolic pressure. The change in maternal mean and systolic pressure, which were the other outcomes of this trial, were not different. There is not enough evidence to show that the effect of epidural translates into improved outcomes for the mother and her baby. Thus, there is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion as to whether the lower of the tone by epidural results in better outcomes and for how long that could be maintained. Another important question that needs to be answered is how long should extended epidural be used to ensure that any potential clinical benefits are maintained and what could be the associated side effects and costs. Interactions with other modalities of treatment and women's satisfaction could represent other avenues of research. The rationale for epidural is well-founded. However
We found 16 trials (one of which was an abstract). Fifteen trials provided data for the review. The trials were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. All trials but one were at overall high risk of bias. The participants were followed up up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (a median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no evidence of effect of glucocorticosteroids on the number of deaths due to any cause, serious adverse events during treatment, or on the health of the participants. We are very uncertain about the results of the trials, as the certainty of the results was very low, and the quality of evidence was low. Due to the poor reporting, we cannot exclude that there were increases in adverse events. Based on the evidence that we found, only one of the published trial reports seems not to be industry funded, and 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. As the CIs were wide, we can not rule out any significant benefits or harms of the treatment. We need more trials, designed according to SPIRIT and CONSORT guidelines, so that we can be more confident in the results.
In this review, we included four studies with 245 people who had had a stroke. The studies were conducted with people who were young and the time of the stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and the way in which the studies were carried out varied. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator (based on one study, with 73 participants) may be beneficial, but these results should be viewed with caution as they were based on a single study. There was insufficient evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour. There is no clear evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of rehabilitation to improve on-road driving skills after stroke. Moreover, we were not able to find any studies that assessed the effects of on- road driving lessons. At present, it is unclear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation, and whether the contextual or remedial approaches, or a combination of both, are more efficacious.
In this review, we found eight studies with 582 participants (range 28 to 296). Five of the studies were in hospitals with 519 people. Mean ages of study participants were 65 to 73 years, the proportion of participants was 58% to 84%, and COPD was classified as severe (or severe) COPD. The studies did not include people with mild (or milder) or moderate (or moderate) symptoms. In four studies we did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure (failure to complete the treatment) between shorter (three to seven days) (or less) and longer (five days) courses. No difference in the likelihood of relapse (a new event) was observed between short (four) and long-duration (10 to 14) courses, and lung function (at the end of treatment) did not differ. In five studies no difference in an adverse (side) event was found. Time to the next COPD exacerbation (time to the start of a new flare-up) was not different in the short-duration and longer-duration courses. Length of hospital stay (time between the start and end of an exacerbation) and the risk of lung function at the end (of treatment) at five days (one-to-one) and one- to-one (one to two-way) courses of treatment (of around five days) in one large study were not different between the shorter and longer courses of systemic corticosteroids. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter courses of (around) five days lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer courses (of
In this review, we included one trial (13 people) that was published as an abstract. The one included study randomised patients to a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb))-free (with no blood transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants] or a more liberal [Hb-free) (with blood transfusions trigger < 96 g/l, 5 participants) transfusion policy. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality (1 RCT; 13 participants; RR 0.13, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.32) or the number of transfusions. The study did not report on: mortality, bleeding, iron overload, quality of life, length of hospital stay, frequency and length of transfusion use, or serious infections. There were no anaemia- and cardiac failure- related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels. The evidence was of very low quality. This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion strategies for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of bone marrow dysfunction disorders, MDS, rises with an ageing population. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
In this review, we included two studies. The first study used a reinforcement technique, was based on the television game show "Fantastic Four", and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The group that was randomized to the game had statistically higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The second study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based learn of stroke prevention and management. The effect on knowledge was not statistically different between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the game-by-play group. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
Eight trials with 475 people were included. Two of the studies included a mixed group of subjects with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. When all kinds of relapses were compared, there was no difference between lithium and antidepressants. There were no other differences in favour of lithium or antidepressants according to all other outcomes. The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model (RR) was used.
Two trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to the treatment group) were included. Both were at low risk of bias. Both studies showed no significant effects on salivary glands, blood pressure, and death from any cause. Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of the treatment. The treatment had to be withdrawn. Both patients recovered without sequelae. None of the two included trials investigated death from other causes, illness, or costs. The results of the included trials suggest that the high dose radioactive iodine drug, the amifostine, has no significant radioprotective effects. Moreover, no health-related quality-life (quality of life) was evaluated in the two trials. The two trials had a low risk for bias. Therefore, further randomised controlled clinical trials are needed to guide treatment choice. Such trials should be of high quality and should investigate patient-oriented outcomes, such as quality of life and costs.
This review aimed to determine the effects of parent-medicines for children with Down syndrome. We found only three small studies. Two studies compared the parent and clinician-mediated strategies with each other. The third study compared the strategies with a clinician. All three studies were of very low quality. This means that we have very little confidence in the results. There is currently no evidence to determine whether the strategies are effective. We need more high quality studies to answer this question. Trials should use valid, reliable and similar measures of speech, and they should include measures of secondary outcomes more distal to the treatment, such as family well being. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2018. We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The other study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics plus once-weekly at-home sessions for 12 weeks. Because of the different study designs and outcome measures used, we were unable to combine the results of the three studies. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. One of the third studies found gains in total-language measures immediately afterintervention. No study reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's
We found two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total 148 adults. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months after heart valve surgery to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac interventions compared to no exercise on mortality (very low). There was no evidence at 12 months follow-up for the risk of death (low). We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), exercise- based rehabilitation may increase exercise ability. Due to a lack of evidence, we cannot evaluate the impact on other outcomes. The trials did not report on health-related health status, and the secondary outcomes of heart valve class, New York Heart Association class, and cost. We did not have sufficient information to be able to perform a sequential analysis of trial results.
We found five studies that involved a total of 1130 adults. Two studies evaluated the use of meditation, and the others examined the role of palliative care interventions that involved both a chaplain (the head of care) and a spiritual counsellor (the spiritual adviser) as part of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality of the life. In the palliatives care intervention studies there was no significant difference in the quality oflife or well being between the trial arms. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies. We found inconclusive evidence that interventions with spiritual or religious components for adults in the terminal phase of a disease may or may not enhance the well being of such individuals. Such interventions are under-evaluated. All five studies identified were undertaken in the same country, and in the multi-disciplinary care interventions it is unclear if all participants received support from a Chaplain or a spiritual counselling team. Moreover, it is not clear whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual and religious support, or both, as part in routine care or from elsewhere. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies.
This review of six trials with a total of 137 people with IPD found that there was no evidence of an effect on the effects of tDCS compared to sham tDCS. There was also very low quality evidence for no effect on impairment. We found one study with 25 participants that measured the effect of the tDCS on off and on time (time that symptoms are controlled, but the person still experiences involuntary muscle movements) and gait speed (time when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) in people with Parkinson's disease. There were no differences in dropouts or adverse effects between people receiving tDCS and people in the sham group. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS reduces off time (when the symptoms of IPD are not being controlled by medication) or on time with dyskinesia, and for improving health- related quality of life, disability, and impairment in people who have IPD. We did not find any evidence that tDCS improves activities of daily living. In two of six studies, dropouts, adverse events, or deaths occurring during the intervention phase were reported. Evidence of very low-quality evidence indicates no difference in the dropouts and adverse events between people who received tDCS versus people in control groups. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes.
In this update, we included 12 studies (N = 461), all of which we judged to be at high risk of bias. For this update we excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. As a result, we excluded four studies from the previous review, and the main conclusions are the same as in this update. There remains a scarcity of published evidence, and a lack of high-quality evidence. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about the use of LASB for reducing pain in CRPS.
In this review, we looked at the evidence from trials that compared the use of antiviral agents (such as antivirin) with either placebo (a pretend treatment) or corticosteroids alone. We found that the combination of antivirins and cortoids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with Bell's palsy, or in people who have severe Bell’s palsy. However, the results were imprecise and allowed for the possibility of no effect. The rate of complete recovery was lower with antivirals plus cortoids than with placebo or no treatment. For people with severe Bell'S, we found no clear effect on incomplete recovery at month six, although the results of two trials indicated that this was the case. Antivirins plus cortics may have reduced the number of participants who experienced motor synkinesis or crocodile tears in the long term compared to placebo plus corticoids. There was no clear difference in adverse events between treatment and control groups. We rated the certainty of the evidence as very low for all outcomes. Most of the included trials were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update.
This review of two studies, including 97 women, found no studies on the use of these drugs in the treatment of EOC. There may be little or no difference in the effects of treatment with the two drugs, but there may be some side effects. There is not enough evidence to comment on the safety and benefits of LHRH agonists in EOC in women with platinum-refractory (platinum-free) and platinum-resistant (relapsed) cancer. Overall, the quality of evidence for all outcomes (including OS, PFS, QoL and side effects) is very low.
We found 17 studies that included term and near term infants who were born with a low oxygen level. Ten trials compared iNO versus control. One trial compared the use of oxygen by a machine to help the baby breathe. The trials enrolled infants with a range of severity of illness, but only infants who had a hernia. In the trials that studied only infants with hernia, iNO reduced the need for ECMO, but the babies who received this treatment did not have better outcomes. Six trials enrolled newborns who were not breathing well, but did not need to have ECMO. The infants who received iNO at less severe criteria did not appear to have better clinical outcomes. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) did not affect response to iNO. The evidence is current to May 2013.
In this updated review, we found that there was no evidence that any of the lumbar supports are better than no treatment, training or other preventive interventions for treating low-back pain. There was moderate evidence that there is conflicting evidence whether lumba-support interventions are more effective than no intervention or training, and conflicting evidence about whether they are an addition to other preventive treatments. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness of lumbarb support interventions. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of support. The methodological quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items.
In this update, we included one new study (338 patients) in this update. The total number of patients in the studies was unclear, as some studies did not provide the details. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, who were in intensive care units (ICU), cancer units (cancer) or haematological (blood) units. There were low or unclear risks of bias, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies. Overall, the review confirms that antimicrobial-impregnated CVCs reduce rates of CRBSI. However, there was no difference in the rates of sepsis (infection), all-cause deaths (all-cause death), catheter- related blood stream infections (catheter-related blood stream infection) or catheter colonization. The magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to the setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. In our subgroup analyses, we found that the magnitudes of benefits differed between studies that enrolled different types of participants. For the outcome of catheter colony, the effects of antimicrobial CVC impregnation were found to be significant in ICU studies, but not in oncological or blood units or studies that assessed predominantly patients who required CVSs for long-term total parenteral nutrition. There was no significant difference between the impregnated and non-imregnated groups in rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of antimiotic-impanted CVCS across all settings.
In this review of 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), we found that all the interventions reviewed had the potential to decrease stunting, based on evidence from outside of slum contexts. However, there was no evidence of an effect of the interventions included in this review (very low- to moderate-certainty evidence). All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient supplementation in children (eight studies), and nutrition education for pregnant women and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). There were no dietary intervention studies. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. The studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate-risk of bias. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The primary review outcomes were available from seven studies for LFA/HFA, four for LBW, and nine for length. Zinc supplementation of pregnant women on LBW or length (versus supplementation without zinc or placebo) There was no effect or unclear effect of nutrient supplementation of children on HFA for studies in the meta-analysis, and inconclusive effect on length for studies reported in a 'narrative form' with very low-to-moderate certainty. Nutrition education for women (compared with no intervention, standard care) There were inconclusive results on length at 18 months. There was a positive impact on length of education interventions in women, with low-quality evidence. Nutrition systems strengthening interventions targeting children on high mobility, lack of social services, and high loss
In this review, we included 12 studies with 1023 people. There was no difference in healing outcomes when foam dressings were compared with other wound dressing treatments. The evidence in this area is of low to very low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed studies, that employ methods to minimise bias, and report them clearly, before any conclusions can be made regarding the use of foam dressing in the management of venous leg ulcers.
In this review, the two included studies (n = 381) were included. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The results for disease exacerbation and AEs between the two drugs were not similar. The two included trials did, however, report on adverse events. The evidence is up to date as of August 2014. The studies suggested that celecoxib and etoricoxib do not worsen symptoms of IBD. However, it should be noted that both studies had relatively small sample sizes and short follow-up durations. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients IBD patients with rheumatological manifestations in order to avoid disease exacerbations and other adverse effects. Further RCTs are needed to determine the tolerability and safety of celecoxIB and etricoxib in these patients.
This review found 22 trials with a total of over 2310 people. The included studies mostly had small numbers (from 4 to 317) and short (4 to 24 weeks) treatments. Six trials included only people with ulcers that were not infected, and the other 13 studies did not report on the type of infection. The evidence is current to May 2018. We performed the following five comparisons based on the included studies: Antimicrobial dressings compared with non-antimicrobial dressing: Pooled data from five trials with 945 participants suggest (based on the average treatment effect from a random-effects model) that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a non-anti-inflammatory dressing. These results correspond to an additional 119 healing events in the antimicrobial-dressing arm. We consider this low-certainty evidence (downgraded twice due to risk of bias). The evidence on adverse events or other outcomes was uncertain (very low certainty). Topical antimicrobials compared with systemic antibiotics: We included four studies with 937 participants. These studies reported no wound-healing data and the evidence was uncertain for the relative effects on resolution of infection in infected ulcers and surgical resection. On average, there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the compared topical antimicrobial and systemic antibiotics treatments: RR 0.91 (95% CI 0.78 to 1.06) - downgraded once for inconsistency. We included one study with 40 participants. The only review-relevant outcome reported was number of ulcers healed, and these data were uncertain. The randomised controlled trial data on the effectiveness and safety of topical antimicroicrobial treatments for diabetic foot ulcers is limited by the availability of relatively few, mostly small, and often poorly designed trials. Reported outcome data were limited and we are uncertain about the comparative effects of antimicrobial topical agents for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of
We found six studies that involved 5193 children. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplements reduced the incidence and the prevalence of pneumonia by 13%, 41%, and 21%. The effect of zinc supplementation on pneumonia was not clear, but it was confirmed by chest examination. The effect on lower chest indrawing was unclear. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
This review found that vitamin A has only a small effect on acute LRTIs. This result is outside our knowledge of the use of vitamin A for preventable acute lung injury. Therefore, it should not be given to all children. Vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose of Vitamin A. However, its positive effects appear limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition.
In this review, 20 studies were included. These studies were of moderate to severe COPD. The studies were conducted in a variety of different countries, with a range of participants. The review of these studies found that the use of theophylline has a modest effect on the amount of airway blood gas tension at rest, and slightly improves blood oxygenation at rest. These benefits were seen in participants receiving a different type of treatment (oral, inhaled). There was a very low dropout rate. This may have been due to the studies that could be included in this review being known by the investigators to be theophyLLine tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of the studies. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low, which means that the results may not be generalisable.
In this review, we included 10 studies with a total of 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. All studies enrolled small numbers of children. Each study used different methods to provide treatment. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. We found that most children (82%) of children in the oral immunotherapy group could ingest a partial serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g), compared to 10% of the control group. However, the number of children with serious adverse events (side effects) was low (1 in 12), and some people gave up treatment. The quality of evidence was judged to be low, mainly due to small numbers and events, and possible biases. It appears that oral immunotherapies for egg allergy can be effective, but the trade-off between the benefits and harms is low; because there was a small number of trials with few children, and problems with some of the trials. Eight included studies were judged at high risk of bias, which means that there is a possibility that the results may be biased.
This review of four trials involving a total of 579 people, found that an ILR-based approach increases the rate of aetiologic diagnosis as compared to a standard diagnostic pathway. However, there is no evidence of a difference in the risk of long-term mortality between participants who received ILR and those who were managed conventionally at follow-up (very low quality evidence). No data on short term deaths were available. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to the differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implant. No conclusive data were available on the other end-points analysed. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILRs in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted.
We found four small studies that enrolled 275 patients. These studies were of low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, loss of patients from the study, attrition bias (lack of follow-up). The type of sclerotherapy used in these studies varied between the studies. There was no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups. The cure rate in the short term (three and six months) was similar. One study reported a decrease in fever in those who received surgery. There were an increased number of infections in the surgery group; however this increase was not significant. There is a high risk of complications and time to resumption of work in the treatment group. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six month; there was no difference in this between the groups. This review found that there is a great need for further rigorous RCTs. It is important that the studies have sufficiently large sample size and long-term follow up. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries. The reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting.
In this review, we included one study in 40 children with a severe case of 'intrinsic' (not in the lungs but in the chest) tracheal disease. The study compared the use of a drug (rhDNase) with placebo (a pretend drug). We assessed it to be a low risk of bias. Data analysed in this review showed that there was no difference between groups for the proportion cough- free at two weeks. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores (cough-free) was better in the placebo group (mean difference (MD) 1.00; 95% CI 0.17 to 1.83, P = 0.02). The mean difference in daytime cough diary and lung function tests at two week also favoured placebo over the drug, but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomalacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed.
In this review, we included 21 studies with 2658 people. We found no studies that assessed physical therapies. All studies assessed the effects of some form of psychological therapy. The mean number of sessions ranged from one to 13, and the follow-up time ranged between two weeks and 24 months. Duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most people had chronic symptoms at baseline. Compared with usual care, CBT reduced symptoms at end of treatment. This effect was considered small to medium; the quality of the evidence was low. For all studies, the results showed that CBT was superior to usual care or waiting list in terms of reduction of symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for the disorders. It is unclear how large this group is and how this influences the relevance of cognitive behavioural therapy in clinical practice. The number of studies investigating various treatment modalities (other than psychological therapies), needs to be increased; this is especially relevant for studies concerning physical therapy. Future studies should include participants from a variety of age groups; they should also make efforts to blind assessors and to conduct assessment until at least one year after treatment. For other items, most studies were at low risk of bias. Most studies were seldom reported.
In this updated review, we found 40 new studies, but we were only able to synthesize data from 39 of them. We found that there is moderate evidence that epidurals (where the epidural is placed inside the body) may reduce PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy. There is low-quality evidence that regional anaesthetics (where drugs are given through a vein into the brain) may prevent PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery. We could not pool the data for adverse effects, as the studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018. We cannot conclude that paravertebral block reduces the risk of PPP, because the evidence is based on only a few small studies. There are seven ongoing studies and 12 studies awaiting classification that may change the conclusions of the current review once they are published and incorporated. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed.
The aim of the review was to assess the effects of these drugs on the symptoms of BPD. The review of trials showed that there was some evidence to support the use of second- and mood stabilisers, but these results were based on single studies and need to be replicated. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, weight gain, sedation, and changes in haemogram (blood pressure) measurements. A significant decrease in body weight was observed, but the long-term use of omega-3 fatty acids, and dietary supplements, has not been assessed. All drugs were well tolerated. The only trial testing single versus combined drug treatment (olanzapine versus olanzapine, and fluoxetine plus olanzagol) yielded no significant differences in outcomes. Total BPD severity was not significantly influenced by any drug. No promising results are available for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations of the RCT evidence that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings (among others, patients' characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods). Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions.
This review of trials found that there were very few small trials that met the criteria of the review. The trials included a total of 349 people. Of these there were seven trials that compared different washout policies. Three of the trials compared washout with no washout. We are uncertain if different types of washout solution, such as saline versus acidic (2 trials); saline versus acid (1 trial); and saline versus anicrobial (one trial), or the length of time each catheter was in situ, has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection. Four trials assessed only three of the eight comparison groups. Two trials assessed washout in two groups. One trial assessed two groups of people. The other trial assessed only one group. The evidence was of low or very low quality. Only one trial was free of major problems. There were problems with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary outcomes. None of the included studies addressed: number of catheters used, or measures of psychological health. Very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Four studies reported on possible harmful effects of use of the washout solutions, including: blood in the solution, changes in blood pressure and spasms. Data from seven trials were limited, and generally, of poor quality or were poorly reported. The results were not adequate to conclude if washouts were helpful or harmful. Further studies are needed. Trials are also needed to compare the use of different washouts, washout volumes, and frequencies or timings. The high risk of bias of the studies resulted in the evidence being graded as low or low quality, and the results of this review were limited.
In this review, we included 30 studies (18,682 children and adults). We found substantial differences between studies. We found that studies assessing the risk of fatigue were often different. We could not pool the results of studies, so we present them descriptively. We also found that it is unclear how many childhood cancer survivors suffer from severe fatigue. We were unable to calculate any risk estimate for any of the reported risks and related factors. One study measured fatigue over time, and found that over the course of the study, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) reported persistent fatigue. This review did not provide a comprehensive overview of the existing studies. The evidence is weak, and the exact prevalence of severe fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer is to be determined.
We found 36 trials involving 6914 people which compared the use of topical (where the skin is rubbed off) and systemic (where it is applied to the skin) antibiotics to prevent respiratory infections and death in adult patients receiving intensive care. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs (16 studies = 16, odds ratio (OR) 0.28, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.20 to 0.38) and total mortality (17 studies = 17, OR 0.75, CI 0.65 to 087) in the treated group. However, in trials comparing topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic alone) there was also a reduction in RTIs but not in total mortality. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
Five studies were found. Four studies examined nursing homes and one study residents in group dwelling units. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. Overall, the quality of the studies was low. The studies revealed mixed results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the control groups after both seven and 12 months. The single study in a group dwelling unit found no change in PR use. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care.
In this review, we included four studies (416 women). Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results from only two of these studies (310) were available. One of the other two trials (212 women) had data available, but data were available for only 212 women. The trials compared women who had been given a placebo (a sugar pill) during IVF with women who were given glucocorticoid supplementation. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality. The studies were small, with low sample sizes. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups. There may be little or no impact on live birth rate. More research is needed. If the chance of live birth with placebo is 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate (2 studies). The evidence suggests that if the chance for clinical pregnancy with placebo was 24%, there was also insufficient evidence of any difference (1 study). The safety and effectiveness of glucocorts in the treatment of women during ovary hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles (until the day of oocyte retrieval) is unclear due to the small number of studies, and low event rates. Neither of the two studies reported OHSS or side-effects.
In this review we included eight trials (291 people aged between five and 23 years) in which rhGH was compared with no treatment. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that there is some evidence of improvement in height, weight and lean body mass. There was no difference between standard and high-dose rhGH in the trials. The trials show that some measures of pulmonary function (such as lung function and blood glucose) were improved, but there was no consistent benefit. There is limited evidence from three trials in improvements in exercise capacity. None of the trials compared the expense of rhGH on overall healthcare costs. When compared with placebo, rhGH therapy was found to improve some of the outcomes in height (very low- to low evidence), but improvements in weight, and body mass were only reported for standard-dose treatment. The small number of trials and the short duration of the studies make it difficult to draw firm conclusions. We need more long-term trials of this treatment in CF before routine use of the treatment can be recommended. The change in blood glucose levels, although not causing a person with CF to have diabetes, highlights the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status, side-effects, or cost of therapy were observed.
We found 26 studies, with a total of 1,695 workers. The studies compared the effects of removal from exposure and reduction of the agent (e.g. by changing to another job; or by using protective equipment in the same job). In 18 studies, authors compared removal from the exposure to the exposure, and the exposure was reduced. In seven studies, we compared the effect of the exposure reduced to the amount of the drug (or no exposure). In ten studies, studies compared reduction of exposure to no exposure. In the 18 studies that reported on absence of symptoms, 56 per 1000 workers reported a decrease in lung function, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared to no reduction. There may be no improvement in symptoms, as well as no considerable change in symptoms. However, with all three outcomes, there may be improved results for removal of exposure. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. In two studies, the risk of unemployment after removal from access may increase compared with reduction of access. Four studies showed that workers exposed to low molecular weight agents may have a decrease of 20% to 50% in income compared to continued exposure. We conclude that the use of workplace interventions for asthma may improve symptoms and lung function compared to exposure to other agents, but may also increase the risk for unemployment. Care providers should balance the potential clinical benefits of removing from exposure or reducing exposure with the potential detrimental effects of unemployment. Additional studies are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of workplace intervention for occupational asthma.
This review included six trials (n = 1758). The average age of the people in the trials was 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All the participants were from the outpatient setting. All participants had either milder grades of reflux disease or nonerosives. Five trials looked at the use of PPI in people with mild reflux. There was low quality evidence that on-demand use may increase risk of 'lack of control' (e.g. symptoms such as nausea and vomiting) and may lead to an increase in GI symptoms. There were also low quality data on the effects of stopping or reducing PPI use. There may be a reduction in pill use per week with deprescribing. There is insufficient data to make a firm conclusion about the long-term benefits and harms of stopping PPI. None of the studies reported cost/resource use or any drug withdrawal.
We found 13 randomised trials with a total of 905 participants. These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills (1 RCT, n = 67, RR 0.29 CI 0.12 to 0.68). Quality of life was also improved in the group receiving social skills programme compared to the standard care group. However, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills programs were compared to discussion groups there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills can improve social functioning in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
In this review, we found only one study, at low risk of bias, with 225 participants. This study showed that biweekly (two weeks) and monthly (three times a week) infusion (one every two weeks) of togloticase reduced tophi in a group of people with tophi, but increased the risk of side effects. In the monthly group, there were more withdrawals due to adverse events. Most withdrawals were due to reactions to the drug. This may explain the high rate of adverse events in the placebo group - who were essentially untreated. The study did not include the results for those with gout. The results from one study showed a benefit in terms of resolution of tophi for people who received pegloticases, but with a high risk of adverse infusion reactions. However, there is a need for more studies, including surgical removal of the tophi. The quality of evidence from this study was moderate, which means that more research is likely to change the results. More research is needed.
In this review of the three eligible trials (2095 neonates), the use of oral IgA or IgG or an IgG and IgA combination did not result in a significant reduction in the incidence of NEC, need for surgery or death from NEC. Based on the available trials, the evidence does not support the administration of oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC.
This review of five trials found that chemotherapy after surgery reduces the risk of being dead. It reduces the chance of developing a metastasis, could be used as an alternative to surgery, and may be of added value when used with radiotherapy.
This review of 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents, found that clients' views of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support, as they felt that someone was "touched" and "listening" to them. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. Some clients had poor access to cell networks. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford phone time, or had changed their phone number. Some, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could also a problem. People who had health problems such as HIV, or who had family planning, or abortion care were concerned about how the messages were sent, and some clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral words and timing, and to send messages at a time and frequency that was "convenient" for them. For an overview of the findings, please see the table above. Our findings suggest that many of the trials assessed did not try to address the problems we found, although this may have been a reporting issue. Our results show that there is a range of barriers to use that can influence the success of these programmes. These include barriers to the use of mobile devices. Programme planners should take these factors into account when designing and implementing programmes. Future trial authors also need to actively address these factors and to report their efforts in their trial publications. The evidence in this review is up-to-date as of February 2016.
In this review, we examined the results of 2467 people. The studies included in this review show that slow tapering of opioids, with the substitution of long-acting opioids, can lead to a reduction in withdrawal symptoms. Nevertheless, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin use. The results indicate that methadone and other opioid agonists are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. Data from literature are hardly comparable; programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of meta-analysis. More severe withdrawal and more drop-outs were found in the placebo group.
This review of nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) with 1109 people found that there is a high risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation, and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in monetary terms and use of scarce intensive care resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be pursued. Given that the adverse events are potentially life-threatening, the value of antagonist-induced withdrawal under heavy sedation or anaesthesia is not supported.
In this review we found fourteen studies. The studies lasted from very short (10 days) studies of the muscle preparation, to longer (three months) trials. We found no evidence to suggest that there is any difference between molindone and placebo in effectiveness. However, it does cause weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited. The included studies were small, had poor study design, limited outcomes and were incomplete.
We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 people. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as a cream, a combination of cream and oil, and combined treatments, as well as less conventional treatments, such as Thiospot, Gigawhite, and other skin-lightening agents. In two of the 20 studies, tretinoin was compared to placebo, but not the other. In both studies, the severity of melasma was reduced. The adverse events were mild and transient. The quality of the studies was poor. More studies are needed to determine the effects of treatments on melasma.
This review found that 5-FU injections reduced the risk of failure in eyes at high risk of surgery, and in eyes for the first time, after surgery. The risk of eye pressure was reduced in the high-risk group, and this was seen in the group receiving low- and combined surgery. There was no difference in the number of patients who had surgery and the surgery failed. No side effects were found. There is no evidence of an increased risk of serious sight-threatening complications, but side effects are more common after 5-fu injections. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care. The quality of evidence varied between trials. The evidence for combined surgery and low-dose 6-FU postoperative injections was very low. This was because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and because of the small size of one study and the high risk bias of the only contributing study. This presumably reflects an aspect of the treatment that is acceptable to both patients and doctors.
In this review, we looked at the effects of inhaled steroids in COPD patients. The review found that the rate of exacerbations, the rate in patients with COPD of more than six months, and quality of life (measured by the St George's Respiratory questionnaire) were reduced. There was no difference in the risk of death. In the long-term studies, the rates of pneumonia (pneumonia) was increased. There were no major side effects. However, in the studies that measured bone effects, there was an increased risk of oropharyngeal and hoarseness.
We found 80 studies (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 NSAIDs that were not selective, and two that were only a COX-2- specific), with placebo (a pretend medicine), or each other. Most of the studies were funded by a pharmaceutical company. There was no evidence of a difference between NSAIDs and placebo, or with each other, for pain relief. However, if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent (pain-free) pain, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) NSAID is the safest and most effective. The quality of the evidence was low. We rated the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. The available evidence had little power to detect such differences, as most of the included studies were based on very few small trials. The evidence suggests that if 10% (or 10%) of women (or 11%) taking placebo experience side effects, between 11% and 14%. There was little evidence of the superiority of any NSAID for either pain relief or safety. NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment for pain dysmenorrhoea, though women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk of side effects. There were no data on adverse effects, though data were very scanty. Most studies were commercially funded (59%). A further 31% failed to state their source of funding.
We searched for studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP. We found seven studies that included 2565 people. In five of the studies (2417 participants), the high levels of the PEEP had the same tidal volume in both groups. In the remaining two studies, the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. We assessed the risk of death before hospital discharge in the main analysis, and we found that high-PEEP did not reduce deaths. The data also show that high levels produced no difference in the risk to the brain of a barotrauma, but rather improved oxygenation. The number of days spent in the intensive care unit (ICU) was similar between the two groups. The included studies were of variable quality. In two of the three studies (148 people), high-level PEEP was used to protect the brain by using a low volume (low volume). The results of this review indicate that the included studies had a lot of differences in how high and low PEEP were compared. This review indicates that the studies were very different, and the results should be treated with caution.
This review includes 42 studies (11,399 patients). The studies were of good methodological quality. The review found that all HES products increase the risk in AKI and kidney failure. In most cases it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate treatments should be used. The current evidence suggests that a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. There were differences identified between subgroups for sepsis versus non-sepsis-associated outcomes only, which may reflect the differing renal response to fluid resuscitation in pre-renal versus sepsi-associated AKI. Overall, methodological quality of the studies was good.
This review found nine studies that enrolled 682 patients. None of the studies reported blinding or group allocation methods. The studies were of low or very low quality. The review of trials found no evidence to support its use. Compared with no treatment and two studies made comparisons with captopril, a drug that reduces blood pressure, there was a positive effect of Rheum officinale to improve blood pressure and BUN levels. No data were available on all-cause deaths, cost of treatment, or patients' capacity to do work. Only minor adverse events were reported in the studies. There is no current evidence for its use in patients with CKD.
We found 13 studies, including a total of 2745 adults (51%). We found that the test accuracy of the IQCODE can be used to identify older adults who are at risk of dementia. The test accuracy in the general hospital setting (1413) was better, but not better, than in the specialist memory setting (10.5% to 87.4%). There was a difference in test accuracy between the groups of people in the studies. The language of the assessment did not affect test accuracy. These findings are based on studies with a number of limitations. There were differences in the types of dementia, the severity of the disease, and the language of assessment used. There was also evidence that the studies were of poor quality, which may have affected the results. There is a need for more research in this area, particularly in the future.
In this review, we included three studies, with a total of 91 adults with stroke. All three studies looked at the effect of different types and intensities of treatment for upper limb spasticity. There was no evidence for the benefit of any of the interventions. No trials explored the effect on 'passive function' (e.g. caring for the affected limb), or the person's and the group's priority goals. There was low level evidence for mCIMT, and'very low' evidence for dynamic arm splints, and no studies addressed the effects of other treatments. No studies addressed other types (types) or types (different types) of therapy. The results of this review are up-to-date as of September 2014.
This review could not derive clear evidence for the treatment of patients with HBV in the long term. There were four trials, recruiting 136 patients. Two trials compared the combination of the two main drugs, lamivudine alone and HBIg alone. A third trial compared the combined treatment of the same drug with the newer antiviral drugs (lamivudiadnisolide and adefovir) and the same treatment alone. The trials were not large enough to show a difference in HBV recurrence. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were adequate powered to show that one of the drugs prevented HBV infection. This review was unable to draw any conclusions from randomised clinical trials comparing long-term combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone, including the newer, newer, and more expensive, drugs. More trials are needed.
In this review, ten studies with 1019 patients were included. All studies had a high risk of bias. The studies followed patients for three months to 10 years (1060 randomised). One study (15 participants) showed that the oral treatment with insulin did not improve metabolic control more than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15), and at 12 months (n = 14) of treatment. There was evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (two studies, 30 participants, 30% requiring insulin) compared to insulin alone (four studies, 160 participants). In one study (74 patients), GAD65 (a sugar pill) in certain doses (20 μg) were found to maintain fasting C-peptide levels (five years) and there was no evidence for or against other treatments. One study using vitamin D with insulin (three months) showed steady fasting levels in the vitamin D group but decline in fasting levels (368 to 179 pmol/L, P = 0). In a five year follow-up (20) study, a sugar pill (glutamisol65) with aluminium hydroxide, improvements in fasting (up to a year) and stimulated (up until a year later) levels of fasting and stimulated C- peptide were maintained after five years. There were no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes). Two studies show SU leading to earlier insulin dependency and a meta-analysis of four studies with considerable heterogeneity showed poorer metabolic control if SU is prescribed for patients with LADA compared to the insulin alone. Comparing studies was difficult as there was a great deal of heterogeneity in the studies and in their selection criteria.
A total of 70 studies were included in the review, and 63 studies with 42,784 students. The results of this review show that social norms are not effective in the prevention of binge drinking and misuse. The effects of these social norms interventions are too small to be of relevance. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures. In some analyses, there was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted. We have pooled effects across delivery modes, only for those analyses for which heterogeneity across delivery mode is not substantial (I2 < 50%). We found that: - No significant effects were found for alcohol-related problems at four or more months. - No effects were observed for binge drinking at four-and-a-half months. Drinking frequency at four and a half months: drinking frequency was reduced by 0.11 drinking days/wk, equivalent to a reduction of 1.28 points in the 69-point alcohol problems scale score. - Binge drinking was decreased by 2.7% if 30-day binge drinking was 43.9% (moderate quality evidence). - No meaningful effects were seen for GFF or MC. Estimated blood alcohol concentration (BAC) at four months: peak BAC results pooled across delivery methods were low quality evidence. No significant effect was found for typical BAC with IFF. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for all outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
In this review we included three trials with a total of 492 adults who had received 530 THA. The evidence is current to May 2018. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of the same. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if the provision is effective in preventing dislocation and improving function measured using the Harris Hip Score, or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) measured by the Short Form-12 at four week follow-up, compared to not providing this. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) compared the provision with versus without the prescription of postoperative equipment and restrictions to functional activities. There was insufficient evidence to support or refute the adoption of a postoperative community rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and education compared to conventional rehabilitation strategies based on functional outcomes. This study was of very low quality evidence. The quality of the evidence was downgraded because of the small number of participants and the risk of bias in the included studies.
In this review, three randomised controlled trials were found. In two trials, there was a reduction in the recurrence of painful periods in the LNG-IUD group. In one trial, women in the group of women who were receiving LNG/IUDs noted lower pain scores compared with women on gonadotrophins. The number of women with a change in their symptoms was also higher in the women receiving the IUDs. There is no evidence that LNG or IUD use reduces the number of times painful periods recur. The evidence is of moderate strength.
This review of 24 studies, with 20 of the 24 studies giving concerns about risk of bias, found that changing the number of available food options, or changing the positioning of foods could lead to meaningful changes in behaviour. However, the certainty of this evidence is low or very low. The majority of studies (14/24), with adult participants (17/24) used between-participants designs (19/24). All studies were from the USA. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) changed the location of snack foods or drinks. Eighteen studies investigated the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. Most of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The current evidence suggests that changing either the number or location of food options or altering the position of foods can contribute to meaningful change in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, intervening across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco products - and over sustained time periods.
We found no randomized controlled trials on the use of PEP in the prevention of HIV seroconversion. We found one study, which compared the effect of a four-week PEP regimen with a placebo (a pretend treatment). The study was conducted in the United States, and it was funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR), the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The results of the study showed that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing the HIV from being converted to human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). However, PEP may be effective in reducing the risk of HIV infection in the workplace. There is no evidence to support using a combination of antiretroviral drugs to prevent HIV infection. However, due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV-infected individuals, a combination should be used for PEP. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that HIV is not completely eradicated from the blood. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, are required. Seeing that current practice is partly based on results from individual primary animal studies, we recommend a formal systematic review of all relevant animal studies. A randomized controlled trial is neither ethical nor practical.
In this review, there is an absence of evidence on the effects on mood and pain of CBT. There is some evidence for small to moderate effects on pain, but not on pain or mood, when compared with active controls. CBT but not behaviour therapy has small effects on disability, with some maintenance at six months. Behavioural therapy has no effects on emotion, but showed an effect on catastrophising, which is a state of fear and anxiety. The quality of the trial design has improved over time, but the quality of treatments has not. At present there are not enough data on the quality or content of treatment to investigate their effects on outcome. The review shows that CBT is a useful approach to the management of chronic pain. There are no need for more general RCTs reporting group means: rather, different types of studies and analyses are needed to try to identify which types of treatment work for which type of patient, on which outcome/s, and to understand why.
In this review, we included 15 national initiatives, with more than 260,000 adults. Ten of these had sufficient data for us to use in our analyses. We could not combine the results of the studies because of high levels of variation in study design. Five of these showed mean decreases in salt intake from the start of the intervention to the end. Two showed mean increase in salt consumption. The remaining initiatives did not show a change. Seven of the 10 initiatives were of a structural nature (e.g. food product reforms). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a mean decrease in average daily salt intake per person, and one showed a change in average salt intake. Nine of the 15 included studies showed a difference in mean salt intake by sex (men and women). For women, three initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, and France) showed a decrease, three (Netherlands, Switzerland, United States), and one (Canada) showed an increase. For men, five initiatives (China, France, the Netherlands, and Austria, and two (Canada and United States) showed no change. We identified no adverse effects of these. The number of initiatives was not large enough to permit other subgroup analyses, such as the type of intervention type (more than one), the economic status of the country, and the length of the program. The quality of the evidence was low. We graded the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias of the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. Many studies had methodological strengths. The evidence was scored as having high risk of systematic bias, which means that the results are likely to be biased.
In this review, we identified seven studies on treatments for sleep bruxism. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. All studies had a small number of participants. The number of people in the studies ranged from seven to 16 people per study. The drugs were compared with placebo. The results for most comparisons were uncertain because of small sample sizes and differences in the results of the studies. There was no difference in the number of episodes per hour of sleep, the intensity of the pain, or the duration of sleep. One study reported that the second stage of sleep (REM) sleep was better in people who took the preventive medication, clonidine, but the results for other sleep-related outcomes were uncertain. The use of preventive medication avoided any adverse effects. There is a need for more, well-designed, randomised controlled trials. Ideally, parallel RCTs should be used in future studies to avoid the bias associated with cross-over studies.
This review of 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 adults with ARDS found no difference in the risk of death with the use of an immunonutrition enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoside (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants). We are uncertain about the effects of the intervention on ICU length of stay, ventilator days, and oxygenation. We are also uncertain whether the addition of additional supplements to an enteral nutrition formula improves the duration of ICU stay or oxygenation, or whether they increase adverse events such as cardiac events, gastrointestinal events, or total adverse events. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. All studies reported deaths. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low.
This review aimed to compare the methods used to answer these questions. The 33 eligible studies largely compared open questions with checklist-type (a form of check list) questions. There was a risk of bias in two studies, which meant that we were unable to pool the results. A subset of six studies suggested that more severe, bothersome, or otherwise clinically relevant AEs were reported when an initial open enquiry was used. However, two studies showed that quite severe (and therefore more debilitating) AEs (such as drug poisoning) were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between the two methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. Any chosen questioning method needs to be feasible for use by both staff and participants. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. Future studies would be improved by using and reporting clear definitions and terminology for AEs, frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, coded, and tabulated/reported. While the many potential AE endpoints in a trial may preclude the development of general AE patient-reported outcome measurement instruments, much could also be learnt from how these employ both quantitative and qualitative methods to better understand data elicited. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. These AEs may be important from a clinical perspective or for patients. This under-detection could compromise ability to pool AE data.
We found 15 studies: eight studies did not assess the use of devices to detect SUDEP; five studies measured use of a device to detect GTCS but did not directly measure SUDEP. Two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP, but not the interventions to preventSUDEP. We found one study, of 154 cases ofSUDEP, and 616 controls. This study of 154 people with SUDEP found a protective effect for the presence of supervision. This effect was found when a supervising and a control person shared the same bedroom, or when a listening device, or both, were used. This protective effect was observed in people with epilepsy. We did not find any evidence of a harmful effect. The quality of the evidence is very low. The study was at serious risk of bias. We identified 10 further records by searching other resources and screened these for inclusion in the review. We removed 211 records from the databases. We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. One listed study is awaiting classification. We included one study in this review. This review found very low-quality evidence of an effect for nocturnal supervision against suDEP. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, for example seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs (antiepileptic drugs), early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists in preventing SUDEP in people who have epilepsy.
In this review, seven studies with 208 people with cystic fibrosis were assessed. The age of people in the studies ranged from 7 to 63. Six of the seven included studies enrolled participants who were stable, whilst one study had participants with an infective flare up. The total study duration ranged between four days and two years. The studies recruited a range of participants. One study was of parallel design, the remaining six being cross-over in design. The review's main outcome was the most common outcome measured, but only three of the studies reported on this outcome. Six studies measured the amount of air in the lungs, and three studies used mid peak expiratory flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. The quality of the evidence was generally low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a study design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind people. There were no studies that compared exercise to any other recognised airway technique. The results of the review do not support the use of exercise as an alternative treatment for people with CF. There was no difference between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic drainage was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study. The included studies were of varied length and design, which made the analysis of pooled data challenging. Larger studies are required.
This review found that CBT is more effective than TAU/WL in the treatment of GAD. CBT was more effective in achieving clinical response at post treatment, and also in reducing anxiety, worry and depressed symptoms. Six studies compared CBT against non-CBT models (such as non-directive (i) and non-specific) therapy (i). No significant difference was found between CBT and supportive therapy. The body of evidence is small and the results of the included studies varied, which precludes drawing any conclusions about which CBT approach is better. Further studies are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of CBT in treating GAD, and to inform GAD patients on the best treatment for anxiety and depression.
This review of trials found that, for women with recurrent miscarriages, the use of progestogen may reduce the rate of miscarriage in subsequent pregnancies. The trials were a mix of multicentre (in India, Jordan, UK and USA) and single-centre trials (in the USA). In five trials women had had three or more of these miscarriages. In the USA, women had suffered two or more miscarriages and in the other four trials no treatment. The number of miscarriages in the trials varied. There was probably a slight benefit for women receiving progestin for the outcome of live birth. There may be little or no difference in the rate on the birthweight. None of the trials reported on any secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, low blood counts, thromboembolism events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. No clear differences were seen for women for the other secondary outcomes including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth. We are uncertain about the effect on the rate for preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains.
In total, we included 14 studies with 1298 women. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of treatment. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases (bias) within their studies. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies as it was not often reported. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in birth rates (three trials, 264 participants), adverse events (two trials, 217 women), or low birth weight (one trial, 160 women). However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test). The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psychosocial treatments, when taken in the presence of other options. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of these treatments in this important population.
We found 31 studies (44 reports) with a total of 27,071 patients. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the approach had a lower risk of NACE (i.e. adverse clinical events), cardiac death, and bleeding, but was similar in the short-term. There was no difference between the two groups in the number of patients who died. The approach also had a higher success rate, but there was a lower chance of death, bleeding, and access site complications. There is not enough evidence regarding the long-term outcomes.
We found only two studies of palliative care. One study (99 participants) looked at the effect of a care team for people with an acute illness. While this trial reported that a care plan was more likely to be developed, the plan was only adopted for two people, both in the intervention group, while in hospital. The other study (256 people, each enrolled with a carer), which looked at a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options on a group of nursing home residents, found that carers were more likely than carers in the control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician, but the results were imprecise. We did not find that the care team had an effect on mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results provided a lot of uncertainty. There were only two included studies in this review, with variation in the interventions and in the settings that made it impossible to combine the data for any outcome. Thus, we conclude that there is insufficient evidence to assess the effect on death rates in people with advanced dementia. The fact that there are six ongoing studies at the time of this review indicates an increased interest in this area by researchers, which is welcome and needed.
In this review, three randomised trials were identified. There were no major differences between the two types of sequencing in terms of survival, cancer-free survival, overall survival, relapse rate, or metastasis. There was one trial (244 women) that compared RT before CT with CT before RT, but this trial did not show a major effect on survival. On the basis of one trial, RT is associated with an increased risk of neutropenis (blood poisoning), but other measures of side effects did not differ. The data included in this review from three well-designed trials, from 1166 randomised women, suggest that the different methods of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major impact on recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
We found nine studies, with a total of 622 overweight or obese adults. Three studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo. The other three studies compared the CrP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results in order to find out if CrP works in general. We also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses (200, 400, 500, 1000 µg) on body weight. No firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established. There were two serious adverse events (adverse events) and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 micrograms CrP, and in one case, two participants taking 400 µg CrP stopped the study due to adverse events. One event was reported as serious. No study reported on the effect on all-cause deaths, health-related problems, cost of care, quality of life, or socioeconomic effects. We found no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of CRP supplements in overweight or obesity adults.
In this review, we included eleven studies with a total of 886 adult patients. These compared a range of treatments for wound healing. The studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily analysed. These factors reduced the quality of the studies. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. The study also reported that there was some evidence of an increase in the likelihood of healing open wounds in people with wound infection in the zinc oxide group. There is no robust evidence on the relative effects of any of these treatments. Where some evidence was reported, it came from single studies with small number of patients. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
In this review we included five studies with a total of 1049 women. The five studies were of low quality. There was no conclusive evidence of any of them. The same applies for terbutaline treatment (three studies), use of continuous vacuum (two studies) or the use of different technique changes (three trials). Overall, the quality of this review is not of sufficient to change current practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators of CVS and amniocervicalysis should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect differences would be clearly welcome.
In this review, we included 10 studies: four studies were randomised (where people are assigned to one of two or more treatments) and three were non-randomised (when people are not allocated to treatment groups in a random fashion). The studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower middle-income country (Bangladesh), and three studies in a high-income (Canada) country. Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. Three studies included maize flour fortified alone or in combination with other nutrients. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk for attrition and contamination. In one non-RCT, wheat flour fortification of wheat flour flatbread was associated with significantly lower occurrence of total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly, compared to unfortified flour. In two non-rCTs, serum folate concentrations were significantly higher among women who consumed maize flour fortified with foliar acid and other nutrients compared to women who did not. Haemoglobin or anaemia were not significantly different between groups consuming fortified wheat flour porridge and no intervention. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for the following outcomes: 1. Neural tube defects: none of the included RCTs reported this outcome. 2. Folate status: pregnant women who received folicacid-fortified maize porridge had significantly higher erythrocyte folate and plasma folate levels compared to no intervention, but this result was based on very low-certainty evidence. 3. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flourfortified wheat flour did not
In this review, the results of two trials with a maximum follow up of 17 years were analysed. In one study, 210 infants with CF were screened for CF. In the screened group, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function at age seven. The results of the two trials suggest that screening for CF is less expensive than not screening. In screened infants, the odds ratio of weight below the tenth percentile was 4.12 (95% CI 1.64 to 10.38). Compared with screened participants, the chances of being obese were significantly lower. Severe malnutrition was less common among screened participants. Over time, chest radiograph scores were worse in screened participants; 33% of screening versus 50% of control group had Wisconsin chest X-ray (WCXR) scores over five (P = 0.097), and 24% of tested versus 45% of controlled participants had Brasfield chest x-ray under 21. Results were no longer significant when adjustment for genotype, pancreas, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa (a bacterium). In screened participants colonisation with bacteria occurred earlier. Nutritional benefits are apparent. Screening provides potential for better lung outcomes, but long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF is uncertain.
This review found five randomized trials with a total of 7314 people with high blood pressure. Four trials compared blood pressure targets lower than the standard blood pressure (lower) target. The total number of people in the trials was 2580. There was no difference in the incidence of stroke, myocardial infarction (heart attack), heart failure (heart failure) or heart failure. Despite achieving a lower BP (lower BP) target (119.3/64.4 vs 133.5/70), and using more medications, the risk of stroke was 1.1 lower in the group assigned to the 'lower' target. There was a trend towards reduction in total mortality in the participants assigned to lower blood pressure target (95% of the total) mainly due to a trend to lower mortality from non-blood vessel diseases. The effect of the blood pressure lower target on the number of deaths was compatible with both a reduction and increase in risk: 1.0 in the lower target group, and 1.4 in the standard group. Trying to achieve the lower BP target was associated with a significant increase in the number for other serious adverse events: 2.0% in the low-target group, compared with 2.5 in the high-target groups. There were no significant differences in stroke, heart attack, heart failure and heart failure in any of the trials. There is a high risk of selection bias for every outcome analyzed in favor of the lower-lower target in the included for the analysis of DBP targets. At the present time, evidence from randomized trials does not support blood pressure goals of lowering blood pressure in people with elevated blood pressure and diabetes. More trials are needed, with total deaths, total adverse events as well as heart and kidney events.
This review found that, compared with the use of a removable device (such as a cast) or with dressings, casts with non-removable (non-reactive) materials are more effective in healing plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
In this review, we assessed the evidence for the effects of these non-drug treatments. We found five studies including a total of 235 people. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Data for our primary outcome of interest, cognitive function were not amenable to being pooled statistically. Two studies showed that cognitive training may have an effect on the ability to process memory, and two studies did not show a beneficial effect on mental health. Two of the studies (95 participants) did not find any effect from cognitive training. One of the two studies (47 participants) found that people who received a cognitive training intervention were more likely to be able to process and use their thoughts more quickly. The other study (19 participants) reported that people in the control group were able to perform activities of daily living more quickly, and that people on the treatment group had lower mental well-being. We assessed the studies using GRADE (a tool to grade the quality of evidence). We rated the evidence to be low quality. We conclude that there is a need to conduct research into cognitive function and mental health outcomes among cancer patient groups other than women.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 adults with schizophrenia. The results of this review show that, in terms of global state improvement, there was no clear difference between the drugs. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale (BPRS). No clear difference was observed. In both treatment groups, around 60% of people experienced some sort of adverse effect (mostly movement problems). No data were available for change in adverse symptoms or costs. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Currently, should people with schizophrenia need to choose between the treatments, they should be aware there is no good quality evidence. More high quality research is needed. We found 12 records referring to six trials. We excluded one trial. The overall method of the trials was poor. Results from the trials found that, based on very small numbers of participants and the evidence is very low quality. We were unable to draw any conclusions about the effects of chlorpromazine and piperacetazine.
This review of five trials with a total of 207 participants, 102 to stent and 105 to surgery, found no advantage of the use of stents over emergency surgery in the treatment of colorectal obstruction. The use of colostomy stents seems to be as safe in the malignant bowel obstruction as the emergency surgery with no statistically significant difference in the mortality and morbidity. The advantages of stent placement are shorter hospital stay and procedure time and less blood loss. However, due to the variability in the sample size and trial designs in the included studies, further randomised trials with bigger sample sizes and well defined trial design are needed to achieve the robust evidence.
In this review we included nine trials (1867 women). The trials were of very low quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were lack of data, poor study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was some evidence that the plasma expanders assessed in this review (human bandage, HES, or mannitol) can reduce rates of OHSS. The evidence of effectiveness was based on very few trials, which need to be confirmed in additional, larger studies. There were no data on live birth. However, there was evidence that human bandage reduces the chance of pregnancy, and there was no evidence of an effect on pregnancy rates. Live birth rates were not reported. The risk of adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. Evidence suggests that the use of human albumin (seven studies, 1452 women) or HES (two studies, 272 women, low quality evidence). This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS (12%) with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to 12%) with intravenous albumin. If the rate is 16% (2% to 10%) without treatment, OHSS will be 5% (1% to 5%) with HES. If OHSS is 52% (19% to 41%) with treatment, the risk is about 29% (9% to 29%) with mananitol. There is no evidence that HES or manenitol had any influence on pregnancy rate. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for all of the comparisons. This means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
In this review, we found ten studies involving 484 patients. There was no evidence suggesting that any of the agents used in the studies were better than placebo. The studies did not suggest that patients were more satisfied with any one agent than another, but there was some evidence that there was more satisfaction with placebo. There were some evidence from one study that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause side-effects at 1% compared with lower (hypo) saline, and that sodium (sulfate) tetradesulfate (STS) (20% saline mixed with a placebo) was no more painful than a placebo. Evidence from one other study suggested that high-tonic saline (HS) (100 units/mL/mL) was slightly more painful (1% versus 0.5%) than lower saline. The quality of the research was poor, as was the quality of reporting. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results. Future research efforts should allow for comparison with findings from observations. The amount of available evidence in this field is small. The evidence did not support superior efficacy or patient satisfaction for any one treatment over another. However, the agents studied showed superiority to a normal saline (dummy) placebo.
In this review, we included seven studies with 241 adults. The studies were of poor quality and did not provide enough data to be sure that any of the drugs used in the studies reduced the risk of death. There is evidence to support the use of the drug salbutamol via any route, but it is most effective when it is given via a nebulized inhaler (MDI). The effect of the medicine on serum potassium is not clear. There was not enough evidence to show that any other drugs reduce serum potassium. None of the studies looked at the effect of IV calcium (a type of salt) in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. The effectiveness of potassium binding resins and IV calcium salts, a type of resin, has not been tested in studies. The evidence for the acute pharmacological management of high potassium levels is limited, with no clinical studies shown to reduce adverse outcomes. More research is needed.
In this review, 39 studies, enrolling 4216 patients, were included in this review. The studies were of low or unclear risk of bias. Studies compared antimicrobial and non-antibiotic lock solutions, and both (antibiotics) and (control) lock (usual) sealing (heparin) of the CVC. Fifteen studies used antibiotics, 21 used non-anti-biotics, and 4 used both (anti-antiibiotics). The evidence is current to August 2014. Antimicrobial lock solutions probably reduce CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however the effect on the risk of thrombosis is uncertain (14 studies: high certainty evidence). Subgroup analysis of antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions showed that both probably reduced the incidence of CRI (13 studies: 47% certainty evidence) and risk of the formation of a blood clot (4 studies: 26% certainty (evidence)). The effect on CRI for tunnelled CVC was uncertain (9 studies: 45% certainty, evidence). The combination of antibiotic, non-Antibiotic, and combination of the two types of lock solutions made little or no difference to the incidence or risk of developing CRI compared to control lock solutions. Antibiotic antimicrobial (non antibiotic) lock solutions decreased the CRI when compared to other types of antimicrobial lock solution, but the effect was uncertain for all types of locking solution. Our confidence in the evidence is low and very low; therefore, better-designed studies are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimacterial lock solutions for the treatment of CVC for HD.
This review of 15 studies (1098 participants) looked at the effects of the use of pre-etched drugs (pre-emptive) to prevent CMV. The studies were of low risk of bias, and all studies were at low risk for bias. Only one study reported on blinding of patients and staff. No study reported blinding of outcome assessment. Compared with placebo or standard care, the treatment of CMV disease before CMV onset (6 studies, 288 patients) reduced the risk of acute rejection (3 studies, 185 patients), but there were no differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection, or death. There was no difference in the risk for CMV-related disease (7 studies, 753 patients). The risk of leucopenia (blood in the urine) was less common with pre-ethosophageal therapy (6) compared with placebo (6). Other adverse effects were not reported. There were no clear differences in risk of death between pre-etherosaphageal and placebo or between preethosaphages and proethosphageal. The review found that there is not enough evidence to decide whether pre-emptives are effective in preventing CMV, and further studies are required to determine the relative benefits and harms.
Three studies with a total of 140 participants were found. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. There is insufficient evidence about the use of sweet potato for type 2 diabetes. There were no serious adverse effects. No trials were found on diabetic complications, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well beign, functional outcomes, and costs.
Our search identified 62 studies, of which 19 (440 people with cystic fibrosis) were included in the review. Most of the studies were of short term (one to three years) and did not report on key outcomes. The age of the people in the studies ranged from six to 63. In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. There was no difference in lung function and the number of lung attacks between the people who used the breathing technique alone or in conjunction with chest physiotherapy. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies (three years) with follow-up of one to three year. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use of the active cycle of breathing technique over any other airway clearance therapy.
In this review, eight studies were included. In total 733 women in total were studied. The low quality evidence showed that brief co-injections of sperm and oocytes may lead to an increased pregnancy rate. Live birth was not reported in the included studies. In two trials including 426 women, there were 127 ongoing pregnancies. In three trials (372 women), there were 93 clinical pregnancies. For the miscarriage rate, there was no clear difference in the odds of miscarriage between brief injections and the standard method. This review has shown evidence that brief intrauterine sperm (ICSI) and oocyte co-insubation may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. More studies are required to assess whether brief coletation would contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate.
In this review, five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, were found to show an increase in air leak. Long IT was associated with an increased risk of death. Caution should be exercised with the use of long IT, because the studies included in this review were conducted in a time before steroids, surfactant and the need for synchronised modes of ventilatory support. Most of the participants had single pathology (HMD) and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons such as meconium aspiration and congenital heart disease (lungs with normal compliance). However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are clinically important; thus, infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT.
In this review, we included 33 studies, with 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals, the type of treatment, and the duration of the treatment). The studies have been of low quality. There was not enough evidence about the effects of TFU. No adverse effects were reported. Overall, there was no evidence that TFU is an effective intervention. The low methodological quality of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution. Although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show that there are not enough results to conclude whether TFU has an effect.
This review of 38 trials found that the addition of a monetary incentive (such as a gift card) or an offer of a GBP20 voucher (a reward for completing a questionnaire) increased the number of people returning to trial sites for trial follow-up. There was no evidence that a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary and a questionnaire. Some other strategies evaluated in single trials looked promising but need further evaluation. As our analyses are based on single trials, the effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminder letters and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further study. Case management and behavioural strategies used for trial retention may also warrant further evaluation in future trials.
This is an update of the review published in 2013. We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. Seven included studies provided data related only to the primary outcome, and eight studies provided information related to more than one secondary outcome. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. Data show no important differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. Data were insufficient to allow estimation of differences for obstruction related to device. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision.
We found 19 studies with a total of 1453 children aged between four and 18 years. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP, and five trials specifically recruited only children with the irritable bowel syndrome. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience improvement in pain, compared to those receiving placebo. The estimated number needed to treat for one to experience an improvement in the pain was eight. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group. However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to small numbers of participants included in the studies. We were unable to perform any meta-analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social functioning, or quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these outcomes or used comparable measures to assess them. With the exception of one study, all studies reported monitoring children for adverse events; no major adverse events were reported. The studies fell into four categories: trials of probiotic-based interventions (13 studies), trials of fibre-based intervention (four studies), and trials of fructose-restricted diets (one study). We found moderate- to low-quality evidence suggesting that probiotics may be effective in improving pain in children with RAP. Clinicians may therefore consider probiotic interventions as part of a holistic management approach. Future studies should examine longer-term benefits of probiotics and their use in the management of children with rheumatoid arthritis.
In this review, we included 22 studies, with a total of 4490 adults. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. The studies were very different, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two studies were warranted. The findings from the five trials (1196 adults) with bias outcomes (no evidence of effect) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no effect. The three trials (n = 394) with continuous outcomes showed no effect: results were 1.30 for the two studies (802) with dichotomous (two groups) discrimination. The 19 trials (3176 adults), with prejudice outcomes, had median SMDs favouring the media intervention, at the three time points: -0.38 (in the immediate, 1 week, and 2 months) (1 week to 2 months), and -2.94 (6 to 9 months). The median SMD for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from -2 to 2.40 (95% confidence interval (CI). The findings are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects and cost-effectiveness. Data on secondary outcomes were sparse. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. Our review found few studies in middle- and low, and none targeted at children or adolescents. More research is required to establish the effects of mass media interventions on prejudice. Such research should use robust methods, report data more consistently with reporting guidelines and be less reliant on student populations.
This review has identified the key barriers to the uptake and use of ANC by women, and by healthcare providers. The review includes 85 studies in total. The studies took place in 41 countries, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. Forty-six studies explored the views (and experiences) of women, 17 studies explored (or not) the views, experiences of healthcare providers, and the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies included women and their families, as well as the families of women. We found 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: (a) the context (11 findings, five moderate- or high-esteem); (b) service design (24 findings, 15 high-confidence); and (c) what matters to the women, staff, and families. The third domain was split into two areas; (i) supportive care, and (ii) safety. We also developed two lines of argument, using high- or moderate-confidence findings: For women, initial or continued use of antenatal care depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women’s need for privacy, and that allow staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. For healthcare providers to deliver the kind of high-quality, relationship-based, locally accessible ANC that is likely to facilitate access by women depends on sufficient resources and staffing as well and the time to provide flexible personalised private appointments that do not overload staff with organisational tasks. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value kind and caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local
In this review, we assessed the evidence for the effects of oral nimodipine (an antiepileptic) in patients with aneurysmal SAH. We found that it reduced the risk of poor outcome, but the results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial. The evidence for other drugs is not clear. The results for magnesium sulphate, a promising agent, were inconclusive. More evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
In this review, we identified three studies with 739 children. They all used an age of one year as the age of the children in the studies. The first updated search identified a manuscript reporting data for one of these studies. This second update identified data from the same study. The three studies showed that the treatment of patients with myeloablative therapy may be better in terms of survival. There was a significant statistical difference in overall survival (three studies, 739 patients; HR 0.78, 95% CI 0.67 to 0.90), but the difference in survival was no longer statistically significant. The results were not consistent when we included data from two studies, 360 patients, and the difference between the treatment groups was no different. There were no data on quality of life. No information on side effects. In one study (379 patients) there was a higher incidence of renal effects, lung infections, and veno-occlusive disease in the treatment group compared to the chemotherapy group. In the other two studies (360 patients) no evidence of effect was found. No conclusions can be made regarding adverse effects and quality-life. The best study design to answer these questions is a randomised study. These studies should be performed in different populations (e.g. stage of disease and patient age). Different risk groups, using the most recent guidelines, should be considered. It should be kept in mind that recently the age for high risk disease was changed from one year to 18 months. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease have been included in the risk groups. Consequently the relevance of the results of the current practice can be questioned. Survival rates may be overestimated due to the inclusion of patients in the high-risk groups.
We found eight trials (632 people). The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75%. The median duration of the trials was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the evidence as low to very low certainty. The results of the included trials showed that the proportion of people with complete response plus partial response (complete response) was lower in the TACE group than in the control group, but these data were from one trial only. The risk of death was reduced in the group treated with TACE followed by 3-DCRT, but the results on quality of life were unclear. We are also very uncertain in the results of non-serious adverse events. The rate of participants with total bilirubin elevation (a serious adverse event) without decline (normalisation) of the tumour) and the risk of adverse events (leukopenia (a condition in which the liver's white blood cells are abnormally bright), serum transaminases elevation (elevation of proteins in the blood), and serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) without normalisation were significantly lower in people treated with 3-dCRT than in those who received TACE alone. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and harms of increasing the amount of energy that infants with CLD/BPD receive. No randomised controlled trials were found. One study showed that infants who were fed protein enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters, up until the time of corrected age. The other study, however, showed that there were no differences in growth, respiratory health, oedema (swelling), and the diuretic intake. The review found no trials that compared the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD. More research is needed.
In this review, we compared the safety and quality of the Doppler ultrasound technique with an approach called "an anatomical landmark technique", which is a technique that uses the patient's own heartbeat to guide the catheter. We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures). Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias (risk of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was conducted). For the subclavian vein (nine studies, 2030 participants, 2049 procedures), two-dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of inadvertent arterial puncture (three trials, 498 participants, risk ratio (RR) 0.21, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.82; P value 0.02). However, success on the first attempt was noted. For the femoral vein (four studies, 311 participants, 311 procedures), no evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications. However, the overall success rate was noted (RR 1.11, 95%) and a small increase in the overall number of attempts until success (US) success rates or first-time (US)) success rates (US). No data on mortality or other outcomes were provided. On the basis of available data, we conclude that, when compared with anatomical landmark techniques, two-dimensionally-penciled ultrasound offers small gains in safety (safety) and quality (quality) for catheter placement. Data on insertion of catheters by inexperienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking.
In this review, 15 studies were included. Four studies used a single infusion of the drug, four studies used two different ways to give it, and one study used a skin patch. The best dose (mean 33 mg/day) was associated with improvement on the ADAS-Cog score, but with no benefit on cognition. The lower dose (5.7mg/day), a controlled release form, showed no benefit. There were higher numbers of patients from the group of patients treated with the controlled-release form (22/183 vs 2/183) withdrawing from the trial (6, 12 weeks) due to adverse events (at least one event). There was no difference between the higher and lower dose groups (higher and lower) for numbers improved (CGIC). There were also higher numbers suffering at least one adverse event (nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, nausea, or abdominal cramps). The evidence of effectiveness of physostigmine for the symptomatic treatment of patients with Alzheimer's disease is limited.
We found 13 trials, with a total of 16,112 people. Eleven trials recruited people with history of coronary heart disease, two of them with a stroke, and one trial had a mix of people with CVD. We judged overall risk of bias to be low. The trials showed evidence for a protective effect of fibrates on the primary outcome of stroke, non-fatal stroke, death from vascular causes, and stroke. There was no increase in adverse events. The evidence showed that fibrate class can be effective in the secondary prevention of the main outcome of non-stroke, stroke, or vascular death. The effect of this class of drugs on the prevention of stroke and vascular death is not consistent. Further trials are required.
In this review, we assessed the effect of TA on blood loss and PPH in women at low risk of bleeding. The evidence is current to May 2015. We included 12 trials involving 3285 healthy women at risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants) in the review. All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United States. The quality of the evidence was also as assessed using GRADE. We found that TA (in addition to uterotonic medications) decreases postpartum blood loss, prevents PPH and blood transfusions following vaginal birth and CS based on studies of mixed quality. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the use of TA. Effects on maternal mortality, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events are uncertain. Effects of TA in high-risk women should be investigated further. Overall, included studies had moderate risk of bias for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding, selective reporting and incomplete data for incomplete data.
We found 12 studies (2494 adults and children and 908 elderly) to include in the review. We found no studies in the elderly. The results of the review did not show any benefit of the two drugs in preventing, treating and shortening flu A. There was no evidence of side effects caused by treatment. The quality of the studies was low and the safety of the drug was not well established.
This review of nine trials, which included a total of 1512 women, found that there was not enough evidence to be sure whether the use of endometrial injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy in women undergoing IUI or trying to conceive via sexual intercourse. The quality of the evidence was assessed as very low due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of women included in the studies. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. We are uncertain whether endometrium injury improves the probability of pregnancy and live birth orongoing pregnancies in women having IUI and trying to become pregnant via sexual sex. We found no evidence of an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the procedure. We graded the quality of evidence as either low or very low as most included studies were at a high risk of bias and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted randomised controlled trials that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We found four studies, all of which were at high risk of bias. The studies all evaluated one comparison, which was whether or not nursing home residents were treated with oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834). We were unable to determine whether professional oral care resulted in a lower incidence rate of NHAP. We were also unable to decide whether or the number of first episodes of pneumonia. There was low-quality evidence from two studies (507 and 366 residents) that the risk of death due to pneumonia in nursing homes when compared to usual oral care may reduce. We found no evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Further trials are needed to draw reliable conclusions. Only one study measured adverse effects. The study identified no serious events (not defined) and 64 other non-serious events, the most common of which was oral cavity disturbances (defined). No studies evaluated oral care versus no oral care, and we were uncertain about this finding. Although the evidence suggests that professional oral services may reduce the risk for pneumonia, this finding must be considered with caution.
In this review, five studies were included. These studies assessed the effects of the treatment of active colitis in 149 adults. The studies were of low quality due to the very small number of patients in the studies. The study which compared the treatment to placebo was judged to be at high risk of bias. The other 3 studies were judged to have low quality evidence. There were no differences in clinical response (the ability of the disease to change) between the treatments. Budesoneide may be more effective than a placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. This benefit needs to be confirmed by large placebo-controlled studies. No adverse events were reported in the budesonide study. The evidence suggests that mesalazine (2.4 g a day) and beclometasone (5 mg/day) may be effective for the treatment with or without the addition of cholestyramine (an anti-cancer drug), however this needs to confirm by large, placebo -controlled trials. No conclusions can be made regarding bismuth (9 mg/daily) due to a very small sample size. Adverse events in the study assessing the use of the drug beclometrica were reported as nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, headache, skin rash and change of mood. In the study which assessed the treatment versus placebo, adverse events in patients treated with beclometrya were nausea, sleepiness, headache and skin rash. No differences were reported. There was no difference in clinical (P=0.10) or histological (p=1.71) in the response of patients receiving bismUTH (nine 262 mg tablets daily) versus placebo (8 weeks) and 12 months of treatment. Five patients were enrolled in the trial studying the treatment compared with placebo (five patients). There were not differences in the clinical response or in histology of patients treated either in the treatment group compared to placebo. Although patients received becl
In this review, we included 12 studies with a total of 3259 patients with type 2 diabetes who were not on insulin. The duration of the studies ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine studies compared the effects on blood glucose on the blood glucose of patients with a long-term (over one year) follow-up. There were few data on other outcomes and these effects were not consistent. None of the trials reported data on diabetes complications. Two trials reported costs. One trial compared the costs and effects of the use of a reflectance meter. The costs of self-monitoring of blood glucose were 12 times more expensive than the costs of urine glucose. At the end of the trial, costs for the intervention were £89 (104 EURO [11/2011 conversion]) for standardized usual care (control group), £181 (212 EURO or 212 EURO) for the less intensive (more intensive) group, and more expensive (£173 or 203 EURO] for the more intensive group. Higher losses to follow up in the group with the higher costs were responsible for the difference in costs. There is no evidence that self-watch-of-blood-glucocorticoid-lowering-drugs (SMBG) affects patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related well being. The overall effect of SMBG on glucose control is small up to six months after initiation. The effect on glycaemic control in patients with longer duration (one year or more) is small. Furthermore, based on a best-evidence synthesis, there is no effect on satisfaction, well being or quality of life. More research is needed.
In this review, eleven studies involving 471 adults with AsPD, with a total of 276 in the control group, were included. Eleven of these studies looked at the effects of psychological interventions for adults with AsPD. Only two studies looked solely at an AsPD sample. The results suggest that there is not enough evidence to justify using any of these interventions for the treatment of AsPD. There were no studies that addressed the outcomes of aggression, reconviction, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects, and drug misuse. However, there were three interventions that appeared to be effective, compared to the control condition, in terms of improvement in at least one outcome in each study. Each of these was originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes that related to substance misuse. No study showed any significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. Disappointingly few of the included studies addressed the primary outcomes defined in this review. Further research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
In this updated review we found 11 studies, with up to 1047 adults and children. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses for the common cold, with a total of 1047 participants. There was a moderate risk of bias because of the way the studies were done. Five studies contributed data for the acute purulent (severe) rhinitis. There is no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for persisting acute redness in children, or adults. There are significant adverse effects in adults when given for the cold, and in all ages when given in the acute stage of the disease. The use of antibiotics for these diseases should not be routine. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
We found five trials (162 randomised adults) that assessed the effects of oral antibiotics (e.g. penicillin (50 mg twice daily), erythromycin (250 mg four times per day), and rifampicin (300 mg once a day) for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis. The trials were conducted in a hospital. One study declared funding by a pharmaceutical company. We did not perform a meta-analysis, which would allow us to pool the results of the studies. We are uncertain of both the efficacy and safety of the interventions. None of the trials measured our efficacy outcome, time to resolve, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse. We rated the quality of the results as very low-quality evidence, due to high-risk of bias (i.e. there was a high risk of bias) and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events). We are very uncertain about the results presented. One trial assessed the effect of a key treatment (five doses) versus no treatment, and one trial assessed long-term treatment (500 mg daily dose) versus vitamin C. No adverse events were observed. The proportion of participants who achieved clear or almost clear skin was not measured. In the azithromycin group, 18/30 versus 0/20 participants in the vitamin C group reached clear skin at the end of 48 weeks of treatment, but there was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in the proportion of people achieving clear skin. The number of participants with adverse events and the proportion achieving clear or very clear skin were not measured, and there was very low quality evidence for the outcomes of interest. There was no evidence for any of the outcomes that were measured. Further studies are needed.
This review of trials found that vitamin D appears to have no effect on the risk of recurrence of MS symptoms, worsening of disability, and MRI lesions. Vitamin D may be safe, although the number of trials and the doses used in the included trials is limited. The quality of the evidence was very low. The review found no data on time to first treated relapse, number of people who remained relapse-free, mental or emotional symptoms, or psychological symptoms. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review.
In this update of the review, we included 62 studies, with a total of 4241 people. Most of the studies were small, often small, and were designed to show equivalence between morphine and other painkillers. The studies used a cross-over design, with the greatest number (11) for seven days) for each arm of the trial. The primary outcomes for this review were reported pain, and pain relief. In the previous update of this review, a standard of 'no worse than mild-type pain' was set, equivalent to 30/100 mm (the equivalent in other pain scales), or the equivalent to treatment success. Eighteen of these studies achieved this, and no study reported that good-quality pain relief was not achieved. Pain relief did not differ between morphine (morphine) and morphine (MIR). Morphine is an effective pain medicine for cancer pain. The review shows the wide dose range of morphine used in studies, and that a small percentage of participants are unable to use oral morphine. The quality of the evidence is poor. Studies are old, often poor, and most were carried out for registration. The results of this update have not changed from the previous one, and the review also shows that oral morphine has stood the test of time, but the evidence for morphine is small. Most trials recruited fewer than 100 participants, and did not provide adequate data for the meta-analysis. Only a few reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90%, or over 90% had no worse-type-of pain within a reasonably short time period. There is qualitative evidence that morphine has much the same efficacy as other available opioids. Daily doses in studies ranged from 25 mg to 2000 mg with an average of between 100 mg and 250 mg. It was not clear if these trials were sufficiently powered to detect any clinical differences between formulations or comparator drugs. A small number of participants did not achieve adequate analgesia with
In this review, we included 14 trials, with a total of 1260 people. The age of participants in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and most of them were women (70%). The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery (two studies); open surgery versus steroid injection (five studies); steroid injection versus steroid surgery (one study); steroid injections versus open surgery; open surgery plus steroid injection; steroid injection plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection; percutaneous surgery; endoscopic surgery); and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery. We are uncertain whether open surgery is more effective than steroid injections in improving the resolution of trigger finger symptoms. The evidence was of low quality due to study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision. We were uncertain whether the risk of recurrence of symptoms was increased with open surgery compared with steroid injection. The risk of adverse events (such as infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) was similar in the open surgery group compared with the steroid injection group. At one week, 49% more people had pain on the palm of the hand in the group receiving steroid injection, compared with 38% in the steroid group. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of events reported.
In this review, we found three studies, with 931 participants, that tested neoadjuvant treatments. The studies were of low risk of bias. One study, conducted in Europe, showed a benefit for RT plus PCV, with a mean overall survival (OS) of 3.5 years in the RT alone arm (P value = 0.018). This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with the use of biomarkers, the authors of two of the studies (RTOG) found that early PCV therapy, either before or after RT, appears to improve OS of people with AO or AOA. Use of biomarker-based therapies, including codeletion of the full-genome (complete-synthelium) and IDH-1 or -2 mutation, may identify a subset of people (1p and 19q) with increased sensitivity to combined chemotherapy with RT. The important role of the biomarkers was supported in all of the RCTs examined, and prospective evaluation should be undertaken in future studies. However, the addition of PCV to RT was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 side effects, and whether temozolomide can be substituted for this remains unclear.
We found five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with OSA. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. The children were followed for six weeks to four months. Three trials (n = 137) compared steroids against placebo; two trials (N = 103) compared oral montelukast against placebo. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (one to 30) between the two groups. We also had concerns about selective reporting in another trial. We assessed the certainty of the evidence for the other outcomes, but we are uncertain whether the differences are different between the groups. There is no evidence on the use of other kinds of drugs for OSA, and long-term efficacy and safety data on the treatment of OSA in childhood are still not available. There are currently no studies on the avoidance of surgical treatment.
In this review, we identified six studies with a total of 1291 children. Of the six included studies, five looked at the effect of systemic treatments on VTE. One study compared the effects of systemic treatment with no treatment. Three studies looked at bleeding episodes, and none found a difference between study groups. None of the studies reported on the incidence of VTE, bleeding, death as a result of the treatment, removal of CVC due to VTE or PTS among participants. In one CCT, which compared one systemic treatment (low molecular weight (LMWH) n = 134, antithrombin (AT) (n = 37, warfarin (N = 31, low-dose warparin)) with another, we found no significant effects of the systemic treatments. We found no differences in adverse events (such as major and/or minor blood bleeding, or PTS). We are not able to give recommendations on the use of systemic drugs in preventing (a)symptomatic (blood clot) VTE in children with CVCs. This could be due to the low number of included participants, which may result in low power. Future studies should aim for larger sample sizes.
Three trials with a total of 287 patients were included. In the first trial of 98 participants, the spinal cord injury occurred in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of surgery in 21 (68%), and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%). The second trial of 33 participants used CSFD and an intrathecal (through the skin) papaverine. It showed a reduction in the rate of spinal deficit (P = 0.039), compared to controls. Analysis was undertaken after only one third of the estimated sample size had entered the trial. The third trial of 145 participants, performed on 145 patients, showed an 80% reduction in spinal deficits. The deficits occurred in 9 (12.2%) in the control group versus 2 of 82 (2.7%) receiving CSFD. There are limited data supporting the role of CSFS for prevention of neurological injury. There is a need for clinical trials to assess the effects of CSDF on the risk of spinal injury. Further studies are required.
We found 13 studies, with a total of 662 people. We found that the clearance rate between oral PUVA and the use of oral NB-UVB is inconsistent. The evidence from the comparison of the two types of PUVA (bath and oral) in terms of clearance rate for CPP was also inconsistent. In three other studies, there was no difference in clearance rate. In one of these three studies, the clearance rates were similar. In people with CPP, the evidence from two studies (one with a left-right body comparison) found no significant difference between the two groups. In participants with PPP, one study (50 participants) found there were no significant differences between the NB-UVB and topical PUVA treated sides. One study with 36 participants (low quality) showed no significant clear-up rates between the groups. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of participants, and the low quality of their results.
In this review we found some evidence that adding a method of biofeedback to the treatment of faecal infraction may enhance the outcome of treatment compared to electrical stimulation alone. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any method or exercises. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training. Further conclusions are not warranted from the available data. The limited number of studies and the methodological weaknesses of many of them do not allow a definitive assessment of the role of anal sphincter exercises and biofeedb therapy in the management of people with faecaecal incontinence. Larger well-designed trials are needed to enable safe conclusions.
Thirty nine randomised trials were found for inclusion in the review. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality. The trials were of variable quality. In six trials, a greater number of people had to be recatheterised if a catheter was not used. In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggested fewer urinary tract infections when a catheter was removed earlier. In a single small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed a greater incidence of urinary tract infection. In one trial, there was a delay in return to normal voiding. Despite reviewing 39 trials, few firm conclusions could be reached. This is because of the multiple comparisons, the small size, and their low quality. Whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of morbidity and risks of catheter recathection, and the risk of infection.
Ten studies (3340 people) with a high risk of bias were included in the review. The overall quality of the studies was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20%) may have affected the estimates of how well aripiprazole compared with placebo (a pretend drug), other medicines, or no treatment (placebo) at three weeks, six weeks, and 12 weeks (moderate quality) was not clear. Evidence shows that, at the three-week time point, the effect on manic symptoms in adults (and children/adolescents) was modest. At three and four weeks, the effects of aripepazole were similar to placebo. However, at 12 weeks, more people with manic symptoms were treated with the drug, with more people requiring treatment with other medicines. Aripeptrazole caused more movement disorders, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), on the Barnes Akathisia Scale (BAS) and the Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale (AIMS), and by participant-reported akathisias. At 12 weeks of treatment, investigators reported no difference between the two drugs in terms of movement disorders except for akathsisia, which was reported in one study. Side effects of the drug included nausea (nausea), constipation, and movement disorders. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015.
We found three studies on the use of antibiotics or other lock treatments in the treatment of children with CVC-related infections. All studies were of poor quality. We found no evidence of a difference in the number of children cured, the number or days until the first negative blood culture, the need to be treated with antibiotics, and the need for an ICU admission. No adverse events occurred in the cohort studies. However, some cohort studies reported CVC malfunctions. The cohort studies found no adverse events. No studies were published on the antibiotic lock treatment alone. More studies are needed.
In this review of 15 studies, three were rated low risk of bias. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate evidence (one trial, 348 people) that a video on how to use the arms to move the head of the head is better than no treatment. There is no evidence that a whiplash pamphlet (one study, 102 people) is better or worse for pain reduction, or that advice on stress and coping skills, workplace ergonomics and self care strategies are any better. Self care strategies: One study, 58 people, showed that self-care strategies did not help relieve pain for acute to chronic neck pain. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown that TPE is effective for any other TPE. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition.
This Cochrane review aimed to determine the best way to inform people at risk of CJD or vCJD, and to find out which approach is best. No studies meeting the study design criteria were found. In the absence of studies, this review is based on the results of the Cochrane Review. The results of this review are presented in a thematic synthesis, which is presented in appendices. This synthesis of 49 studies and pieces of literature, but not from the same group, intervention, and outcome as the review, but from the broader studies, provides evidence on policy implementation, consumer experiences, and can be used to inform policy and practice decisions for communicating with individuals at risk. There is not enough rigorous evidence to determine which approach to communication is best, or to identify the best approaches to communication in these situations. More research is needed.
In this review, we included only one study with a high dropout rate. The study evaluated opioids (prolonged oxycodone/naloxone) for treating RLS. After 12 weeks of use, RSL symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. The proportion of patients who were drug responders was greater in the group. Quality of life scores also improved more for the drug groups, and sleep was improved more. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps. More adverse events were reported in the opioid group than placebo. The major adverse events in the opioids group were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. This conclusion is based on only one low quality study.
This review looked at the evidence from fifteen trials, which compared the use of external plates or screws for the treatment of these fractures. The trials involved 1022 adults with fractures of the distal radius. There was some evidence to support the use in adults with a deep-displaced radius. The results showed that external plates were better than plaster casts in terms of the number of fractures, reduced the risk of redisplacement, and reduced late collapse and malunion. There is not enough evidence to confirm a superior overall functional outcome, but there is some evidence that external fixation is better than immobilisation in plaster casts. There were problems with the methods of some trials, such as lack of concealment and inadequate outcome assessment, which could have affected the reliability of the results. The review also found that most of the complications associated with external fixation were minor, and probably could have been avoided using a different surgical technique for pin insertion.
This review of five studies (1127 patients) found that early removal of the stent may lead to fewer UTIs. It is uncertain whether there is a higher risk of MUC. This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was apparent if a BI stent was used, however, if an externalised PU (PU) stent (injectable) was used there was no discernible difference. Data on health economics (health-care costs) were lacking. BI stents are the optimum method for achieving this benefit. Generally the risk of bias was judged to be low or unclear; they addressed the research question and utilised a prospective randomised design.
We found five studies that compared three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared a type of crown with open sandwich restorations, and two compared a crown (fitted using the Hall Technique) versus fillings. In the two studies using crowns fitted with the Hall technique, all teeth had undergone pulpotomies (pulp treatment). One study compared two types of metal crowns: PMCs fitted using the stainless steel method versus those fitted with white veneers. The final study compared PMCs placed on tooth surfaces with stainless steel crowns (stainless steel with white teeth) versus aesthetic stainless steel (white teeth). We found no evidence that the different types of crowns compared to fillings were any different. One study (11 people) compared the use of the crown (fitting using the hall technique) with non-restorative treatment, and we are uncertain about the results. It is uncertain whether there is a difference in the risk of bleeding between the crowns and fillings, either in the short-term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies. There are no RCTs comparing crowns placed conventionally versus using the technique. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns, compared to other types of teeth, and for metal compared with aesthetic crowns is very low. There is no high quality evidence for the comparison of the two methods of fitting the crown. The evidence was of moderate to very low quality.
A total of 28 studies were included in the review. Most of these studies were not published in sufficient detail in most of the studies to perform any analyses. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three studies it was unclear whether a mouthpiece was used. These studies compared the effects of PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating (PEP) devices, and high-frequency chest wall oscillation. In one study, PEP was compared with a mask. The results for lung function and patient preference were mixed. There was no difference in effect between PEP and other methods of lung clearance. The number of people with CF who had a flare up of their symptoms when using a PEP mask for at least one year was lower. However, this was not reported in all studies. In the included studies which used PEP with mouthpiece, it was reported (personal communication) that there was no effect on the number of flare ups. In a study where infants performing either PEP or a PDPV experienced reflux, this was more severe in the group (26 infants). In one of the two studies (107 participants) which compared the effect of using an PEP versus a HFCWO, there was little or no difference, however, those in the Pep group had fewer adverse events related to the lower airways. Many studies had a risk of bias, as they did not report how the randomisation sequence was generated.
This review found four studies involving 1485 patients. All four studies were of moderate to severe CD. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a placebo. The other studies were judged to be at low risk of biased. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that CZP is effective for induction of clinical remission and clinical response in participants with active CD. CZPs were superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission at week 8. The results of the review suggest that CzP is superior to a dummy pill (placebo) for achieving remission and achieving clinical response at week eight. The quality of the evidence was moderate for achieving a clinical remission in 40.2% (336/835) and 30.9% (201/650) of participants in the CZp and the placebo groups, respectively. The overall quality of evidence was low for achieving complete remission in people with active Crohn's disease. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73.7%) of participants (CZP) and 6.2%, (40/650), respectively. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn’s disease, infections, and malignancy. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious side effects differs between people taking CZPS and those taking placebo as the 95% confidence interval (CI) includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. Future studies are needed to evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of CZPP in CD patients.
One hundred and twelve studies met our review criteria: 15 were of adults with CKD; 16 were of people with heart failure; and 81 studies were of individuals with chronic kidney disease, but data for this subgroup were not provided. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was frequently high or unclear. Of the 31 studies (23,762 patients), follow-up ranged from three months to five years. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported on at least one outcome of interest. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine, dopamine, or serelaxin on death, heart failure or kidney function, and on the risk of hyperkalaemia, or quality of life, were not reported. In chronic heart failure there were no data on the effects on death. Treatment with beta-blockers (4 studies, 3136 patients) may reduce the risk for death (any cause). Treatment with angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) (4) or angioten-receptor blockers (ARB) (2 studies, 34 participants) on death were uncertain. The effects of ACEi or ARB (2) were uncertain due to sparse data or were not available. Treatment of patients with heart fail with beta or angiolytic agents may decrease the risk to hospitalisation. However, we were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors (3 studies, 826 participants) affects the risk. We were uncertain of the benefits and harms of treatment for people with kidney failure, as there were few studies. The certainty of the evidence was very low due to the lack of studies. There is insufficient evidence to inform clinical practice. Future research aimed at analysing existing data in general population HF studies to explore the effect in subgroups of patients, considering stage of disease, may yield valuable insights for the management of HF and CKD. Hyperkalaemic events are not reported for the CKD subgroup
This review found no differences between the two types of tocodynamometry. The risk of a caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction was not different. No serious complications were reported. The review found that there was no evidence to support the use of one tocodynamic method over another. This review is based on three studies (N = 1945 women). The quality of the three trials was mixed.
In this review, we included two trials with 54 people with CVI. One study reported no difference in symptoms in the exercise group compared with the control group. In one study, changes in change in ejection fraction (a measure of muscle strength), half venous filling time (time taken to empty the leg) and total venous re-fill time (the amount of fluid in the legs) were observed. The second study reported a reduction in symptoms. One of the two studies did not report quality of life, ankle range of motion, and muscle strength. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms, and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either study. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness (the ability to detect bias) and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low.
In this review, we examined the effects of the HA class of products in the treatment of OA. Forty trials were included in the analyses. In general, the analyses support the use of HA products as an effective OA-modifying treatment. In some analyses, the HA products had more prolonged effects than IA corticosteroids. In other analyses, HA products seemed to be comparable to systemic forms of active treatment, such as NSAIDs, with more local reactions, but fewer systemic adverse events. Overall, there are few randomised head-to-head (head of the trial) comparisons of HA and IA products. The clinical effect for some products, against placebo, on some variables at some timepoints is in the moderate to large effect-range. The analyses performed are positive for the HA group and particularly for certain variables and timepoints. In the analyses, few adverse events were reported. The review concludes that HA is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function, and patient assessment; and at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. It is of note that the magnitude of the clinical effect, as expressed by the WMD and standardised mean difference (SMD), is different for different products, treatments, timepoints and variables. The results of the analyses should be viewed with caution, given the heterogeneity in effects across the product class and the differences observed between the RevMan (RevMan 4.2) analyses and the original published reports.
In this review, we included ten randomised trials (in a total of 4052 women) in which the use of a drug called misoprostol was combined with uterotonics and/or haemostatics. The trials were too small to be able to assess the impact on the outcomes of this review. The review suggests that among women who received oxytocin, use of the drug to treat primary PPH did not provide any additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal morbidity, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy. Misoprosto was associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. Two trials attempted to test the effectiveness of estrogen and tranexamic acid, respectively, but were small and too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. One study compared lower segment compression but was too small in size to assess impact on primary outcomes. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PHL unresponsive to uterotonic and/ or haemofiltration therapy. The role of the drugs estrogen and transdermal nitroglycerin and compression methods in the treatment of women who fail to respond to uterotonic therapy requires further evaluation. Furthermore, future studies should focus on the best way to treat women who are not responding to uterotic therapy.
In this review, six trials were included. Five small trials evaluated the use of N-acetylcysteine in preterm infants. One large trial, which was funded by a large company, evaluated routine short-term (two weeks) cysteine-containing PN in infants (≤ 1000 grams). The evidence from these trials shows that routine, low-birth weight (before birth) PN supplementation improves the amount of nitrogen in the blood. However, there is not enough evidence to assess the risks of this supplementation.
We found 77 trials with 6287 people. The trials were of very low quality. There was no evidence of difference in the number of people with serious adverse events between the two treatments. None of the trials reported on the proportion of people who had a serious adverse event. We are very uncertain about the effects of active treatments for people with NAFLD. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Due to the very low-quality of the evidence, we are very unsure about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments. More large randomised trials are needed to answer this question.
In total, 1282 people with MCI at baseline were identified in the 15 studies. The studies were of poor quality. We were not able to formally assess the effect of these CSF tests as planned, due to the small number of studies that we found. We did find that the accuracy of the CSF testing of t-tau was better than for the other tests, but the studies were few and small. These tests may have limited clinical value. We need more research to be sure of the value of these tests. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, index test methodology and aspects of study quality. According to the assessment of index test domain, eight of 15 studies were judged to have poor quality, which means that the results may not be valid. Further studies with more uniformed approaches to thresholds, analysis and study conduct may provide a more homogenous result than the one that has been available from the included studies.
In this review, we included three studies with a total of 170 adult patients. All the patients were male and were undergoing radical robotic surgery. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for AASA (a group of tests used by anesthesiologists to assess the body’s response to surgery). We found one ongoing trial. We found no differences in pain between the two methods. One study found that propofol reduces nausea and vomiting (PONV) over the short term (one to six hours). However, it is unclear whether this translates directly to clinical avoidance of eye problems. No studies looked at the outcomes of adverse effects, death, all-cause mortality, respiratory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low. All studies were small, single-centre trials, and all described methods that were unclear. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is better - TIVA or inhaled - for robotic surgery in patients with prostate, urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology. Evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing radical prostatectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes both genders, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
In this update of the review, we found 14 studies, with a total of 1,601,515 study subjects. Most studies found no evidence of a difference between the use of steroids of any potency, and pregnancy outcomes. We found that women who received steroids of mild to moderate strength, but not very potent, did not have lower birth weight, or a lower risk of low birth weight. We did not find any evidence of an effect of the steroid use on the risk of preterm delivery, or low Apgar score. The evidence was of very low quality. We rated the overall quality of the evidence from observational studies as low.
In July 2014, we found four trials that met the review criteria. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. All trials compared the treatment of keratitis with topical steroids (topical steroid) or no topical steroids. The total number of patients in the trials (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants, were included. The trials had follow-up times ranging from two months to one year. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study, and the largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All trials did not find any difference between the two treatment groups. The pilot study of the SCUT reported that time to re-enhelialization in the steroid group was 53% slower than the placebo group. However, the trial did not show any important difference in time to the re-epithelialization. For adverse events, none of the four small trials found any differences in adverse events between the groups. One trial found that there was no difference between groups for quality of life, and one trial reported on adverse events. None of the trials looked at economic outcomes. There is not enough evidence as to whether or not topical steroids are effective in the treatment and safety of people who have a history of this disease. Further, three of these trials were small and had problems with study design, which means that we cannot be certain of the results.
We found four trials with 450 participants. We found no evidence from these trials that the use of the percutaneous vein was better than the intravenous vein for treating ischaemic stroke. There was no difference in the proportion of people who died. The quality of evidence was low. New trials with adequate sample sizes are needed, because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such treatments.
This review includes one trial, which was funded by a grant from a government agency. This study involved 120 families and 143 children. No evidence was found to support the use of day care for children younger than five years of age and their families. This review did not report on long-term outcomes (high-school completion, income). This review is based on one study, and the quality of evidence for the outcomes was very low.
In total, 126 reports have been identified. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. Three of the indices have been evaluated for their content validity. Two of the included scoring indices were tested for their ability to respond. The Nancy Index, the Robarts Histopathology Index, and the Scoring Index have been tested. None of the currently available scoring indices are fully valid. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for the healing of UC, more research is required. The optimal index would need to be fully validated.
Three randomised trials with 213 people with these fractures were found. There were no trials comparing surgery with other treatments. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at risk of selection, loss of favouritism. Overall, there is either no evidence to support the use of surgery or the best non-surgical treatment for this fracture. We are very unsure about the estimates for all outcomes. Although the pooled results of the three different measures of foot and ankle function (standard mean 0.28, 95% CI -0.02 to 0.59; 172 participants, 3 trials), there was very unlikely to be a difference in favour of nailing. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to have re-operation. Similarly pooled data (173 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) did not confirm a difference between nailing and plating. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not support the possibility of a better outcome after plating in adults. The addition of the results from two ongoing trials of the two surgical techniques should inform this question in future updates. More trials are needed on other issues, but should be preceded by research to answer the key questions. The quality of available evidence was rated as very low.
We found 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 people with stroke or TIA. The risk of bias varied greatly between the studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of the studies for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI)). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for the risk of recurrent stroke, and for major vascular event, 0.58 (95%) was high. No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal blood pressure target after stroke or tIA. We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrence of stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic.
In this review, four randomized trials were found. Three trials used the B-sitosterol, 100% B- sitosterol and one trial that contained 100% of the drug, a preparation that contained B-salt. The trials were conducted in men with prostate cancer. The results show that men taking the non-glucosidic, B-Sitosterols improve urinary symptoms and flow measures. The evidence suggests that men are more likely to have urine flow in the urine, but their long-term effects, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
We found 26 trials (62,815 people) that compared salmetrol with placebo (a pretend medicine), or with a placebo (fake medicine). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious events could be obtained. There was a clear increase in risk of death from any cause in patients who were not taking inhaled steroids. We found no evidence that the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. We combined data from the two largest studies (n=25,180 and n=26,355), as all the asthma-related deaths in adults occurred in these studies. In patients not taking an inhaled steroid, we have found an increased risk of serious events. There is also an increase in the risk of asthma death in the two large surveillance studies. Although the risk was lower in the patients who did not take an asthma inhaler, there was a wide range of the confidence interval, so we cannot rule in or out an increase of the risk. The adverse effects of the use of regular salmintol in children remain uncertain.
This review of two studies found no evidence that thyroid hormone treatment reduces the risk of death from any cause in preterm infants. There is no evidence from controlled trials that postnatal thyroid hormone use reduces the severity of breathing problems, neonatal morbidity or mortality.
This review includes 38 trials with a total of 1828 adults. The analyses found evidence that the use of the products to treat liver disease may help to reduce the risk of death. The results showed a beneficial effect of the non-absorbable products on the risks of liver failure, liver damage and variceal bleeding. We found no evidence that there was a difference in the risk for the other outcomes. The review found no differences between the types of the product used. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018.
In this 2019 update, 65 studies (involving 3598 adults) were included. 45 studies contributed to our meta-an analyses (2698 adults). The evidence is current to January 2019. Bisphosphonate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, however low certainty in the evidence indicates it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (low or very low certainty evidence). It was also uncertain whether interventions for bone disease reduce all-cause or cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke, or graft loss (very low and low certainty, respectively) (low and very low evidence, respectively). It is uncertain whether vitamin D compounds have any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death, or transplant function outcomes. Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of low certainty. Evidence was sparse for children and young adolescents.
This review found no study that measured all of the identified outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Three trials studied oral (in the form of a tablet) and one trial (in a parenteral form) magnesium (injection) for 24 hours. There was no difference in adverse events. Only one trial measured the symptoms of seizure, tremors, delirium, and components of the CIWA (a scale that rates the severity of alcohol withdrawal). There was a single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), which was amenable to meta-analysis. There were no significant changes in handgrip strengths. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is helpful or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawl.
In this review, we included 15 trials with 3057 people. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 people) are from the two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. We found that antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they take antibiotics. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis, whether or not confirmed by imaging (low- to unclear) risk of bias, is marginal. The risk of adverse effects (side effects) was low. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, due to the lack of available trials.
In this review, eight studies were included. Three studies compared two types of lymph node dissection (D3 with D2) and found no difference in survival. In contrast, D2 lymphadenectomy was linked with a better disease-free survival (DSS) compared to D1 (D2) lymphadenectomies, the quality of the body of evidence being high. Five of the studies compared one type of lymphoma-specific surgery (DFS) with another. Data for DFS were available only from one trial. For no trial were DSS data available. Five studies compared D2 to the D1-type lymphomaectomy: OS (n = 5; HR 0.91, 95% CI 0.71 to 3) and DFS (n=3;HR 0.95, 95%). Data for OS were not available for all studies, and for no trial there was no evidence of a difference in DSS between these two types. In conclusion, patients with cancer of the stomach who have lymph nodes dissection can improve DSS in patients with a tumour that has spread to the stomach, although the increased incidence of death after the surgery reduces its therapeutic benefit.
In this review, we found that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo (a pretend drug), no treatment, or buprenorphine in terms of the number of people who were re-incarcerated during the study period. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low (28%). The findings of this review are not yet conclusive and maintenance therapy with naltrerexone cannot yet be considered a treatment which has been scientifically proved to be superior to other kinds of treatment.
In this review, we included two studies that looked at the effect of changing the amount of fluid in a drink. Both were part of the same large study. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects of two viscosities of liquids, which are more likely to be thickened with sugar, compared to the same grade (nectar thick) of regular liquids. The second study, an RCT, compared the effects of thickened fluids, such as honey thick liquids, with a 'chin down' (down-to-the-neck) posture. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Neither trial addressed quality of life. Risk of bias for both studies is high. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency of fluid for swallowing difficulties in the person with dementia. There may be differences in outcomes in the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in people with dementia, as too few studies have been completed. There should be awareness that while thickening fluids may have a positive effect on swallowing, the effects on the person’s health should be considered. Further studies are required.
This review found six trials with a total of 788 women. The largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. There was no evidence of a difference in live birth rates (two studies, 425 women). The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using standard IVF, the chance using natural cycle IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were not consistent and more data are awaited. The results were very low quality for the rates of OHSS (one study, 60 women), clinical pregnancy (4 studies, 351 women, low-quality evidence), ongoing pregnancy (three studies, 485 women, moderate-to-very-low quality evidence), multiple pregnancy (2 studies, 527 women), gestational abnormalities (1 study, 18 women) or cycle cancellations (1 trial, 159 women, very low- to very low) and one trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was significantly lower in the natural cycle group (MD -4.40, 95% CI -7.87 to -0.93). There were not enough data to be able to draw conclusions on rates of pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation. The evidence was limited by imprecision. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth, pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth and treatment costs and adverse effects.
We found 12 studies (23 references) in this review. All studies were conducted in people with COPD. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. no treatment) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Analysis was split into three comparisons: (1) Tai Chi versus usual care; (2) Tai Chi and breathing exercise versus breathing exercise alone; and (3), Tai Chi alone versus exercise alone. Comparison of Tai Chi with usual care revealed that Tai Chi demonstrated a longer walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres, 95% CI 10.52 to 48.) and better pulmonary function (MD 0.11 L, 95%) in the post-programme data. However, the effects of the Tai Chi interventions in reducing lung pain and in improving lung function were not clear. No adverse events were reported. When Tai Chi in addition to other treatments was compared with other interventions alone, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and mental function improvement. With the diverse style and number of forms being adopted in different studies, the most beneficial protocol of a particular Tai Chi style and type could not be commented upon. Future studies are warranted to address these topics.
We found 72 trials that involved 2470 people. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the studies that we included in this review. Study sample sizes were small. The use of virtual reality was compared to usual care (no treatment, no therapy, or a 'control' approach). We found evidence that there were no differences between groups in upper limb function. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable. However, these findings were not conclusive. There were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. We were unable to pool results for cognitive function (a measure of the ability to think, remember, and process thoughts and words), or quality of life. The quality of the evidence was mostly low. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear. Thus, while there are a large number of randomised controlled trials, the evidence remains mostly low quality when rated using the GRADE system.
We found five trials (1330 people) that met the inclusion criteria. None of the trials looked at the effect of adding a new drug to the standard first-line regimen. Three of the five trials, with 723 people, added a new treatment to standard treatment. One trial with 174 people added an extra drug (levofloxacin). No trials reported on the effect on treatment failure. For death or relapse, we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, very low quality). For death at eight weeks, or serious adverse events we do not know if there was an effect. For relapse and treatment failure, we were uncertain. For adverse events the substitution may have little or no difference (three trials, 723 participants). For the use of a drug substitute for the standard treatment, there was one trial (433 people) with a single trial that added moxifloxacidin to standard first treatment. There was not enough evidence to be clear whether the addition of a new medicine reduces death, or increases sputum culture growth. For all three outcomes, there is very low or low quality evidence. Six trials are currently in progress testing a shorter course (four months) of treatment.
