This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that following asthma education delivered to children, their parents or both, there was a significantly reduced risk of future emergency department visits and hospital admissions compared with control. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. Very few data were available for other outcomes (FEV1, PEF, rescue medication use, quality of life or symptoms) and there was no statistically significant difference between education and control.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest, pain during movement, operation type, and timing of administration. We also found evidence that ketamine reduces pain intensity and reduces opioid consumption. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-studies effects likely but testing not possible. The quality of evidence was generally low or uncertain, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of postoperative nausea and vomiting with ketamine intravenous was reduced from 27% with placebo to 23% (moderate-quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced at 24 hours, and at 48 hours, by 16% (low-quality information). Pain at rest was reduced by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and by 22% (high quality evidence) on a 5-point scale (the number of points on a 0-100 mm scale). The number of participants with nausea and/or vomiting was reduced (by 16% or more) from 26% to 19% (included in the high- and low-quality studies). The time for the first postoperative analgesic request was increased by 54 minutes (moderate quality evidence). Ketamine reduced the area of pain after the operation by 7 cm² (very low quality evidence), compared with placebo (moderate evidence). We found no difference when nitrous oxide was used. We rated the quality as moderate for pain at
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but MSP orRESA significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype of Msp2 (the variant included in the vaccine) were reduced, while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not (720 participants). The MSP andRESA (Combination B) vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. Pretreatment for malaria during a vaccine trial makes the results difficult to interpret, particularly with the relatively small sample sizes of early trials. The results show that blood- stage vaccines may play a role and merit further development.
This review identified four randomised controlled trials, involving 125 participants. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union and non-union of the long bones were included, but most of the data related to the non-unification of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). A sensitivity analysis conducted to determine the effect of multiple follow-up time-points on the heterogeneity amongst the studies showed that the effect size remained non-significant at 24 weeks. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised trials.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients having laparoscopically-performed laparopaedic laparitis. One of the trials did not provide this information. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information, and the proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the number of patients who died in the short term or in the percentage of patients with serious complications in the eight trials with 1286 participants. There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the two groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the 'drain' group than in the no drain group. The quality of life of the participants was no different between the groups (one trial; 93 participants) and there was no difference in their return to normal activity and return to work between the participants in one trial involving 100 participants. This trial did not report any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscope-per-laparoscopic-choke-ectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicine for treating peripheral nervepathy should be made with caution. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted.
This review included five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, the IAS group had a significantly lower biochemical progression score than the CAS group. Studies primarily reported on adverse events. One trial (N=43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between the two groups. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events compared to CAS. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). Data from RCTs comparing IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short duration, and there are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific or disease progression.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised women to either immediate or delayed insertion of an intrauterine device (IUD). One of them randomised to immediate versus delayed insertion showed immediate insertion of the Copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion. Another trial showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova T group. One trial randomised the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T to either an immediate or a delayed insertion compared to delayed insertion, and found that women who received the IUD immediately were more likely to use it compared to those who received a delayed IUD. The quality of evidence was moderate for the use and expulsion of IUDs immediately after abortion. The evidence for pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lippes Loop. In other work, adding copper sleeves to the Lips Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates. Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of Iud immediately after an abortion is safe and practical. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared with delayed insertion and the quality of the evidence for expulsion was moderate.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detection bias because of missing data due to abstract publication only, thus we judged the overall risk of bias as high. According to the GRADE criteria, we assessed the overall quality of the evidence for all outcomes as'very low', due to the extent of missing information on the participants and the small sample size.
We found three small trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients who developed a mild case of varicellosis, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest variceella vaccine administered within three day to children following household contact with a variceva case reduces infection rates and severity of cases. We identified no RCTs for adolescents or adults. Safety was not adequately addressed.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials compared different antibiotic regimens. There were no significant differences in the proportion of people who developed MRSA infections between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no differences in mortality between the treatment and control group in each comparison. There was no significant difference in the percentage of people developing MRSA infection in the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another. In the single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, there were significantly lower rates of MRSA-related infections in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo. In two trials, 19/478 (4.5%) people developed MRSO infections including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia in these two comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 people developed a MRSA due to MRSA. In one trial, there was no difference between the antibiotic regimen and placebo in terms of the proportion who developed a serious adverse event. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple proclylactic antibiotics or administering prophyleactic antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery in terms or reducing MRSA bacterial infections. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotic regimen are necessary on this topic. All the trials were at high risk of bias.
The review included two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. The number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria and in both studies relatively few of the women presenting with PPRom were eligible for inclusion. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20.05). There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. There was no information on serious maternal morbidity or mortality. The review found some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. However, results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome (I² = 35%). Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarian section. However, staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. Compared with absorbable sutured staples, staples are also associated with the same incidences of wound infections. Other important secondary outcomes, such as wound complications, were also similar between the groups in women with Pfannensstiel incisions. There is currently no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed after caearean section.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. No studies reported cardiovascular events. Green tea was found to produce favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. The results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD.
The review authors identified two small randomised controlled trials that recruited 23 participants. These studies did not show any benefit of azathioprine in terms of lung function, symptoms or quality of life. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in one study, and the methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of AZA in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long term studies are required.
This review identified 56 randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) of exercise on fatigue for people with cancer. The majority of these trials were carried out in people with breast cancer. We found that exercise on tiredness was more effective than no exercise in reducing cancer-related fatigue in people receiving exercise during or after cancer treatment. We also found that aerobic exercise reduced fatigue in those with solid tumours, but not in those who had other cancer types. The findings of this review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer- related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with cancer of the solid tumour. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of an exercise intervention.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) with advanced HL. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy, Belgium and the Netherlands. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as patients were not blinded to the treatment they were receiving. All trials reported results for OS and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to our first published review (2011), the addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients treated with BEACOPP escalated increased OS (3142 participants; high-quality evidence). This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the BEACOP escalated arm compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS (3143 participants; moderate-quality results). However, the observation time of the studies included in the study is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (106 participants; very low-quality information). This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalated BEACP regimens probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV ((anaemia: 2425 participants, RR 10.67 (95% CI 7.14 to 15.93); neutropenia: 519 participants; thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder: 24 25 participants; RR 18.12; MDS (a type of blood clot in the lining of the womb): 24.12); infections: 24.25
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 1835 cancer patients in this review. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients. Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual and low quality of evidence that there is no difference in the effect of psycho-educational interventions on quality of life. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. One study suggested that physical training was not more effective than care as a usual in improving RTW. We found moderate quality evidence that multidisciplinary interventions enhance the RTW of patients with cancer. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias (risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) and nine studies to be of low quality (low or moderate risk of underestimation). The quality of the evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interests. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. We found no new trials in this update. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that women should be informed that admission CTGs increase the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on how well women monitor their own health and on whether there are any differences between groups.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230) in the review. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One of these found a difference in clinical pregnancy rates between the mediums compared, suggesting that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy scores than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies found miscarriage. None of the studies reported on the health of offspring. Most studies reported funding sources. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being lack of reporting of study methods. The main limitations of the review were poor reporting of the methods of the trials and imprecision. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. However, there were no randomised controlled trials of communication methods to inform women about their diagnosis. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis.
This review included 17 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1006 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain-free days up to three months following the intervention. The quality of the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. There were problems with the design of some of the studies, which made it difficult to compare the results of the different studies. In addition, in three studies the therapists were not allowed to blind the participants to whether they were receiving the intervention or a control group. This could have affected the results. In summary, the review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first few months after treatment. However, these conclusions are limited by the wide variability in the results and the small number of participants in individual studies. Further trials of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers compared with placebo. The trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamine and mast cells stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared to placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti-histamines or mast cell stability stabilisers treatment. Overall, topical antihirsutism and anti-inflammatory drugs appear to be safe and well tolerated. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of interventions aimed at preventing tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. The review identified two studies that met the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review and a third is still ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). One study found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up between the skills-community group and the control group. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test but this was not maintained at six month follow up. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth in this area. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in the area.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) on the benefits and harms of giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) compared with giving blood from a vein (selective blood transfusion). We found one trial involving 72 women with HbSS. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfused. The evidence is current to August 2015. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfusing policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). The available evidence is insufficient to support or refute the use of blood transfuzion to prevent or treat HbSA.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion (proportion) was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central pressure group (low-quality evidence). In addition, it should be noted that the sample size was small and the risk of harm was wide, and we cannot be certain that one method of liver resection is better than another. Among the secondary outcomes, there was no difference between the two groups in the proportion of participants requiring blood transfusions, the proportion requiring a red blood cell transfusion, blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. There is no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resections is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or blood transfused requirements (very low quality evidence). The evidence for the other comparisons, the evidence for difference was either based on single small trials or there were no differences. When direct and indirect comparisons were available, network meta-analysis provided additional effect estimates for comparisons where there were not direct comparisons. However, the paucity of data decreases the confidence in the results of the network metaanalysis. Low- quality evidence suggests that liver
This review aimed to find out which treatments are the best for PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (44% improvement) and PUVA combined with other treatments (44%, CI 26 to 62%). However, a combination of PUVA and retinoid is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP, although it is unclear if it is effective. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is not clear whether or not it is an effective treatment. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with the topical steroid, hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea), is effective, and no evidence that short term treatment with another steroid, hydroxycarbamide hydroxyurea, is effective either. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP but there is no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for P PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of loop diurestics was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2) mm Hg. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. We found no clinically meaningful blood pressure lowering differences between different drugs in the group of drugs that lower blood pressure. The dose-ranging effects of the drugs could not be evaluated. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the use of these drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects. We graded the quality of evidence for both sysolic and diastolic (mean) blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There were considerable differences in the methods of local anaesthesia instillation including the location (subdiaphragmatic, gallbladder bed, or both locations) and timing (before or after the removal of gallus) between the trials. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported mortality (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthetics group versus 0/210 (0%). One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness (1/236 in the control group versus 1/210 in the anaesthetic group) in eight trials (very low quality evidence). Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported that no serious complications were experienced in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthesiologists to perform the procedure. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The length of hospital stay between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the group than the control groups at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. The duration of hospital stays was 0.04 days. Serious adverse events were rare in studies evaluating local anasteric instillation. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. Further randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic and random errors are necessary. Such trials should include important clinical outcomes such as quality of
We identified 74 studies that compared different types of RDTs with each other or with other antigens. We grouped studies according to the type of antigen (type 1 to 3) of the antigen. We found 74 studies, which included a total of 4,867 patients. We compared the sensitivity and specificity of all RDT tests with microscopy. We also compared the specificity of the tests with the antigen types. We identified 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, eight evaluations of type 2 tests and five evaluations of types 3 and 4 tests. We combined the results of these studies and found that the sensitivity of all three types of tests was higher than for the pLDH antibody-based tests, but the differences were small. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity in study results. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have P. falciparum malaria, Type 1-type tests will miss 16 cases, and type 4-type RDT will miss 26 cases. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with P. flasciata falcidum malaria would be 34 with Type 1, and nine with Type 4. The sensitivity of the RDT test is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated patients.
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by government agencies. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length of consultation on resources used. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the absence of data on participants' characteristics and small sample sizes. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
The review identified only three small trials that evaluated virologic efficacy and safety of high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none reported from developing countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. The studies were at a high risk of selection, performance/detection and selective outcome reporting biases. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride levels in two studies and body mass index in one study. In light of variation in the design and follow-up of the study results, no meta-analysis was performed and the results of single studies are presented. There was no significant difference in virologicity between the two groups. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 study; in no participants in the McComsey 2008 trial and not reported on in the Sanchez-Conde 2005 trial. The high dose trials demonstrated a reduction in bone mineral density (BMD), reduction in limb fat and an increase in triglycerides (a type of lipid) in the higher dose arms. The trials did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. Individual results from the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage in viologic efficacy or safety between low and high dose stivudine in the included studies. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained virologia suppression and so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where stavUDine is currently used in ART naive patients with high viral loads.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in the number of deaths in the intensive care unit (ICU) but no difference in 28-day or hospital deaths. Data from four studies (1313 participants) did not show a difference in in-hospital mortality. Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma. We found no differences between the groups in the risk of death from any cause at 28 days or in hospital. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions as a part of a ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome. We identified significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials. Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included an "open lung ventilation" strategy, whereby the intervention group differed from the control group in aspects of the ventilation strategy (including higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), making interpretation of the results difficult.
We found 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that compared relaxation therapy with no treatment or a control group. The studies were of poor quality and the number of patients was small. However, some of the results of the studies suggested that relaxation therapy reduced the use of asthma medications and improved quality of life. There was no significant difference in lung function or symptoms of depression following relaxation therapy. The results of other studies were conflicting. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to the absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma in adults.
This review included 35 randomised controlled trials (studies in which people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared antidepressants and benzodiazepines as monotherapy in people with panic disorder. Thirty-five studies, including 6785 participants overall, were included in this review. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference in effectiveness between the two drugs in terms of response rate. We also found low quality evidence suggesting a benefit for benzodiazapine (an anti-psychotic drug) compared to antidepressants in the number of people who dropped out of the studies due to any cause. We did not find any difference between the drugs for adverse effects. The majority of studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. Information on adverse effects was very limited. The included studies are not sufficient to comprehensively address the objectives of the present review. The vast majority of the included studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. In general, based on the results of the current review, the possible role of antidepressants and/or benzodaziazepines should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice of which antidepressant and/ or benzodazine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of antidepressant and benzoidiazepines efficacy and tolerability, including data from placebo-controlled studies, as a whole. Data on long-term tolerability issues associated with antidepressants and Benzodiazepine exposure should also be carefully considered. The present review highlights the need for further higher-quality studies comparing antidepressants with benzodiz
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. Endoscopic stenting was associated with a reduced risk of complications, but with a higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death when compared with surgery. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day mortality with plastic stent use. One published study compared metal stents with surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stent. Nine studies compared metal to plastic stenting. Metal stents were associated with less risk of biliary blockage and a lower rate of death at 30 days, but there was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or death within 30 days of surgery. When different types of plastic stented devices were compared to polyethylene stents in one trial, only perflouro alkoxy (a type of plastic) stents had superior outcomes in one study. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four trials compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and one compared ultrasound with Doppler auditory assistance. We found moderate-quality evidence that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared with other types of guidance. We also found improved success rates within two attempts with ultrasound guidance when compared with palpate or Dopplelear auditory assistance, but we could not confirm whether this benefit is present in infants and small children. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events. We identified moderate- quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guided catheters are more successful than other types. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. Similarly, our results suggest, but do not confirm, the possibility of a positive influence of expertise in the use of ultrasound on the first-time success rate. We did not find any evidence that the first time catheter placement was more difficult in infants than in children older than 18 years of age. We judged the quality to be moderate for all of the outcomes.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies conducted in Canada in the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to high-alcohol-containing movies. The results from the three ITS study were inconsistent. The evidence from the ITS studies was very low quality due to a lack of randomisation and imprecision in the results. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population and serious level of imprecise results. There is a need for high-quality research to evaluate the effects of alcohol advertising restrictions.
This review of trials found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. There was conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. There is no evidence that MCT is better than LCT in improving short- and long-term development of the infant. There are conflicting data as to whether formula tolerance is better or worse. There were insufficient data to determine whether LCT is more or less harmful than MCT. The review authors recommend that further research is needed to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on long- and neurodevelopmental outcomes, and include larger study populations to better evaluate effect on NEC incidence.
We found one small trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of the reporting and lack of information on blinding. The evidence is current to August 2016. Transcervical infusion had no clear effect on the incidence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection or caesarean section. There was no clear difference in the duration of maternal antibiotic treatment between the amnion infusion group and the control group, nor was there a clear effect in the number of women who had a caesarian section. The study did not report any information about how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. The reduction in temperature at delivery was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The majority of this review's secondary outcomes were not reported in the included study. There is insufficient evidence to fully evaluate the effectiveness of using transcervically amnuted fluid for chorioamnionitis and to assess the safety of this intervention or women’s satisfaction. We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniotropin. The overall quality of the evidence was low. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
This review aimed to assess the diagnostic test accuracy of the Mini-Cog in community settings. Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. The studies were of limited quality and had methodological limitations that could have introduced potential sources of bias. There was no pooled meta-analysis of the results of the studies. The sensitivity of the test in the individual studies was reported as 0.99, 0.76 and 0.83. The specificity of the tests varied between the studies and was reported to be 0.93, 0%. The studies used different methods to select participants for each study and the results were not combined. The limited number of studies and the methodological limitations in the current studies make it difficult to make recommendations for or against the use of the mini-COG as a cognitive screening test in community. Additional well-designed studies comparing the MiniCog to other brief cognitive screening tests are required in order to determine the accuracy and utility of theMini-Cod in community based settings.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg daily), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/daily to 70 mg/day), and mixed amphetamine salts (12.5 mg/year to 80 mg/dos). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamine has powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Amphetamines were efficacious in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by clinicians and patients. In contrast, we found no evidence to suggest that dexamphetamine reduced the severity. In addition, we did not find any evidence that amphetaminas reduced the symptoms of ADHD in comparison to other drugs. We also found no difference in effectiveness between different doses or types of drug-release formulations. We did not identify any differences between the types of medication used in the studies. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low or very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and participants, and the short duration of the included studies.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition (low quality evidence). Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence), and no consistent effect of vitaminD was found for any chronic pain condition. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of vitamins D for chronic pain is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic pain conditions needs further investigation. The evidence addressing the use of vitamins to treat chronic pain now contains more than twice as many studies and participants than were included in the original version of this review.
This review found 41 studies involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine studies they were aimed at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies they targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. Multifaceted professional interventions can enhance the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. Organisational interventions that improve regular recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management. The addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes. Nurses can play an important role in patient-focused interventions, through patient education or facilitating adherence to treatment.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared hormonal and intrauterine contraceptive methods in a total of 1503 women aged 25 years and younger. The trials compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel (LNG-IUS) 20 µg/day versus LNG- IUS 20; LNG 12 µg or LNG 16 µg compared with LNG 17; and LNG 20 versus the copper T380A intra-uterine device (IUD). In the trials comparing two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group assigned to the LNG -IUS 20 (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.85), which may have little clinic relevance. In another study, continuation of the LTP appeared at least as high as that for the COC. In the trial comparing L NG-IUs 12 versus L NG 16 showed similar efficacy over one and three years. In three trials that examined different LNGs, continuation was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review of trials found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and medication use and improves bronchial hyper-reactivity. There was no consistent effect on lung function. There were 42 trials of immunotherapy for house mite allergy; 27 pollen allergy trials; 10 animal dander allergy trials, two Cladosporium mould allergy trials and six trials looking at multiple allergens. Concealment of allocation was assessed as clearly adequate in only 16 of these trials. Significant heterogeneity was present in a number of comparisons. Overall, there was a significant reduction in asthma symptoms, use of asthma medications and improvement in bronchia hyper-activity following immunotherapy. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered. The size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled steroids.
This review found six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of systematic error. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 0.88) and hospital mortality was reduced with a RR of 0%. Overall mortality was not significantly different if a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in the control group was used. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-term outcomes. Clinical heterogeneity, such as different lengths of follow up and higher plateau pressure in control arms in two trials, makes the interpretation of the combined results difficult. The effects of lower tidal volumes are becoming a routine strategy of treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury, stopping investigators from carrying out additional trials.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients to help them to come out of anaesthesia was comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to help patients to come back to consciousness. The risk of side effects with both techniques is also comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. The results of our review should be interpreted with caution. We did not find any high-quality evidence for any of the outcomes of interest. We recommend that further research is needed to determine the benefits and harms of the two techniques. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients with a mean age of 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660) and there was considerable heterogeneity between the trials. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. There is no convincing evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive participants with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the number that received active treatment. This introduced bias. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients in this review. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in in-stent re-stenosis is unclear. Compared to angioplasty alone, P TCRA/PTCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period (RR 1.27; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.86 to 1.90). Compared to PTCA alone, patients were more likely to experience vascular spasm, perforation and transient vessel occlusion. In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions, or those with lesions that fail PTCa), PTCra may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. There is limited published evidence and no long-term data to support the routine use of the PTCR in re-stents.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants. Two of these trials were multicentre trials comprising only participants positive for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled participants clinically diagnosed with bronchiolitis from a hospital in Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as a daily or a twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebulisation of salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. Overall, nebulising rh DNase showed no benefit in clinically meaningful outcomes. Meta-analysis favoured the control group with a shorter duration of hospital stay and better clinical score improvement. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or intensive care unit (ICU) admission. In one RCT, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis (inflammation of the atelectrum). Two of the 11 patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after the use of nebronised rh DNASE. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste. The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use in children under 24 months of age hospitalised with acute lung infection. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found no significant difference in mortality between groups, with only one death occurring overall, in the totally percutaneous group. Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study we observed only one failure of aneurysis exclusion in the surgical cut-down femoral artery access group (moderate-quality evidence). No wound infections occurred in the group treated by the percutaneously inserted technique. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two groups, or in bleeding complications and haematoma (high quality evidence). There was a difference in the operating time, with moderate-quality information showing that the surgical approach was faster than the cutting-down technique. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. As the number of included studies were limited, further research into this technique would be beneficial. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponges were also more likely to cause allergic reactions than diaphrragm. Discontinuation rates at 12 months were higher with the sponge than with the diaper. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, a meta-analysis was not possible. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL. In the first study the primary cognitive outcome of memory at six months did not reach significance, but there was significant improvement in overall cognitive function compared to placebo, with similar adverse events across groups. The second study found no statistically significant difference between arms, with few adverse events. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program for the prevent of cognitive deficit but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. Three other studies investigated the use of a pharmacologic intervention for cognitive deficits, methylphenidate compared with modafinil, two different doses of modafenil, and donepezil compared with placebo. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenidine and modafanil arms; few adverse effects were reported. The other two studies combined treatment arms and found improvements across all cognitive tests, however, a number of adverse events were reported in both groups. Both studies were limited by a small number of participants. There is no strong evidence to support any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or ameloration of cognitive problems. Non-randomised studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. Further research is required.
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared laser treatment with placebo (fake) laser treatment. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. Both studies were assessed as at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the results were imprecise. The overall quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the results and the imprecision of the data. There is clearly a need for randomised clinical trials to investigate the effects of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of inferior and lingual nerve injuries. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including patient-specificised measures of altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and the effect of delayed treatment. No studies reported on quality of life or adverse events.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no statistically significant difference between using combined oestrogen and progestogen and using placebo for all our proposed primary outcomes, namely, miscarriage (risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% CI 1.32 to 2.80), perinatal death (RR 0.94, CI 0.53 to 1.69) and preterm birth (less than 34 weeks of gestation). In terms of this review's secondary outcomes, the use of combined hormone therapy was associated with an increased risk of maternal cancer in the reproductive system (RR 6.65, CI 1 to 28.29). However, for the outcome of cancer other than that of the reproductive systems in mothers, there was no difference between groups. Similarly, there were no differences between the combined oedrogen and hormone therapy group versus placebo for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the unborn baby, cancer in reproductive system in the mother, or cancer other other than of the genital tract (carcinoma) in the baby. The second study was based in the UK and involved pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF). This study showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the treatment group and the no treatment group. The study did not report on this review’s other primary outcomes (perinatal deaths or rates of preterm births), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. There is an insufficient evidence from randomised trials to assess the use combined oestedrogen and hormonal therapy for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (median NNT 9) and for SSSRIs from 7.8 to 8.8 (medians NNT 7.7 to 8). The numbers of participants who withdrew from the studies due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 for both classes of drugs.
We found nine studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo (a pretend medicine) or other active treatments for acute migraine headaches. Ibuproen 400 mg was better than placebo for pain relief in about half of the people in the studies, but it was no better than rofecoxib 25 mg for 24-hour headache relief. Soluble formulations were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not 2-hour relief. Similar numbers of people experienced side effects, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibupronfen and placebo. Ibupsrofen 400 mg did not differ from rofecaoxib in terms of effectiveness for 2- hour headache relief or 24-day headache relief, and soluble formulations provided more rapid relief. We found no new studies since the last version of this review.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye) in this review. The evidence is current to August 2016. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. We found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison. All other included artificial tears produced contradictory results or found no between-group differences. Our review also found that OTC synthetic tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias. Overall the evidence is up to date as of September 2016.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared the effects of maintaining lamivudine in second-line regimens or not. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamvudine and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamivudiudine (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to those on 3TC/FTC-sparing second-lung regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-line treatment on non-thymidine analog combinations. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimens is encouraging. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants in this review. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of these tests. We found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampatis test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance and 34 for the mouth opening test. The upper lip bite test for diagnosing difficult laryngoscopy provided the highest sensitivity compared to the other tests. For difficult face mask ventilation, we could only estimate summary sensitivity (0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.39) for the reference standard and specificity (P < 0.001) of the modified mallampatis. For tracheal intubation, we found that the modified mollampatis had the highest accuracy for diagnifying difficult trachea intubations compared to all the other tested tests. The higher sensitivity of the upper lip bites test was the most important test for identifying difficult face masks. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for the different domains; we mostly observed low risk of biases for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of biased for reference standard (standard) and index tests. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains. We concluded that the evidence is current to September 2016.
This review of trials found that probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea and reduce the frequency of stool frequency in children with acute infectious diarrhoeal illness. Probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency of acute infectious diarrhea. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants). This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium term (between six and 12 months) effects of the newly-formulated therapy. The results of the single study showed that people receiving the therapy were more likely to engage with non-inpatient services in both the short term and medium-term. However, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results concerning engagement with social functioning were also favoured by the intervention group. Results of people leaving the study early favoured the intervention in both short term (n = 52, 1 RCT, RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.06 to 12.98), with slight favour of the control group at medium term. Results for the adverse effects/events of death were measured by 12 months, but again, there was no statistical difference between the intervention and control groups. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of this newly-formed therapy. Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of these newly-formsulated therapies. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. Two studies (1492 participants) had an EERW design, in which those with good pain relief after titration were randomized, double blind, to continuing the effective dose (300 to 600 mg pregapalin) or a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. We found that people taking pregABalin had a greater reduction in pain intensity (at least 50% pain intensity reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment) than people taking placebo (high quality evidence). The number of people experiencing moderate benefit (at at least 30% pain reduction after at least 12 weeks of treatment) was about 30% more with pregalactol 300 to 600mg than with placebo (moderate quality evidence), but about 11% more people with pregarabalin 300 to 300 mg. Moderate benefit was experienced by about 28% of people with placebo, but about 10% more in the pregalactic group. A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged between 7 and 14. A small study (177 participants) compared once-daily pregalaxial with twice-daily treatment, and concluded there was no difference in effect. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. Of those randomised, about 40% had MTR with preglabalin and 20% with placebo. The NNT was 5, but normalised to the starting population tested it was 12. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the
We found only one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo. The trial did not report any of this review's primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between the two groups in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, gestational age at birth, or the rate of postpartum haemorrhage or caesarean section. There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the magnesium sulphates group than in the placebo group. However, there was no difference in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment. The included trial was at a low risk of bias and was of high methodological quality. There is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphat when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review. Two used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a statistically and clinically significant effect in favour of the intervention (risk ratio 1.43, 95%CI 1.03 to 1.98, p=0.032). However, following sensitivity analysis a statistically non-significant but clinically significant difference was observed in favour the intervention. A significant health disparity exists, whereby Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available to evaluate smoking cessation intervention, despite the known success of these interventions in non-Indigenous populations. Due to this lack of published investigations, the external validity of this review is limited, as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for meta-analysis. All 13 studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28 days, 30 days, 60 days or ICU mortality). The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality for mortality was 1.02 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96 to 1.09) and for the studies of patients with high risk surgery patients the RR was 0.98 ( 95% CI 0.74 to 1). Of the eight studies that evaluated the effectiveness of pre-operative optimization, there was no difference in mortality when these studies were examined separately. We found that PAC did not affect the mortality, general ICU or hospital LOS, or cost for adult patients in intensive care. Four studies, conducted in the United States (US), reported costs based on hospital charges billed, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Two of these studies qualified for analysis and did not show a statistically significant hospital cost difference. The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. The use of a PAC is a diagnostic and haemodynamic monitoring tool but not a therapeutic intervention. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias. We judged blinding of participants and personnel and blinding of outcome assessment to be at high risk in about half of the included studies and at low risk in 25% to 30% of them.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution reduces the pain experienced by the babies during the procedure. Further well designed randomised controlled trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedures.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at the point of entry. One study reported on wound healing at less than four weeks, but no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia (a secondary outcome measure for this review) at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between both groups; two months, (RR 0.44; 95% CI 0.18 to 1.11, one trial, 26 women) and six-month, respectively. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months (RR 1.78; 95%, CI 1.10 to 2.89) and by six months there was no difference between the two groups. Neither of the trials included data in relation to the following prespecified secondary outcome measures: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineal wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or refute secondary suturing for the management of broken down perineum wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants in this review. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included studies separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, preventing any pooling of results. Only three studies indicated that compared with antiviral drug, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing influenza and alleviating influenza symptoms. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study. There were no significant differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. Most Chinese medical herbs in the included studies showed similar effects to antiviral agents in preventing or treating influenza. Few were shown to be superior to antivirals. No obvious adverse events were reported in the studies. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. More high-quality RCTs with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
The evidence is current to May 2015. We included 8 studies with a total of 558 participants in this review. The studies compared the following interventions: thrombolytic therapy versus placebo (1 study); low versus high dose thrombotic agents (1); alteplase versus urokinase (1; short versus long thrombosporin-based agent treatment (one); fibrin sheath stripping versus over-the-wire catheter exchange (1) and exchange with and without angioplasty sheath disruption (1). No two studies looked at the same interventions. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Most of the studies included in this study were judged to have a high-risk of bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement and were therefore judged to be at high risk for bias. Based on low certainty evidence, thrombin sheath replacement therapy may restore catheter function when compared to placebo but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits, high risks of bias in the estimates of adverse events and imprecision in the estimate of adverse event rates. There is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse effects. There was no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis-related adverse events. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015 and further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment comparisons), published time-to-event data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no significant heterogeneity. We found no difference in time to progression between these regimens, with the overall HR (95%) and no difference (CI 0.93). The addition of one or more drugs to the treatment regimen shows a statistically significant advantage for overall response to treatment in women with metastatic breast cancer, but the results suggest no difference on survival time or time to the progression. The positive effect on tumour growth was also associated with increased side effects. Where measured, acute side effects were more common with the addition a drug.
This review of 10 randomised controlled trials, involving a total of 1896 critically ill patients, found that a non-invasive neonatal intensive care unit (NLU) is better than ICU care for the chronically critically ill. There was no significant difference in the number of deaths or in the length of stay in the ICU. Patients discharged from a NLU were better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of inpatient stay. No statistically significant adverse effects were noted but the possibility of increased early mortality cannot be discounted. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence that one therapeutic ultrasound regimen is more efficacious than another. Only two studies reported the primary outcome of interest, short-term overall improvement (any measure in which patients indicate the intensity of their complaints compared with baseline, for example, global rating of improvement, satisfaction with treatment, within three months post-treatment). One low quality trial with 68 participants found that when compared with placebo (pretend treatment), therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of overall improvement at the end of seven weeks treatment, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between the two wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low quality study found that at three months after treatment, therapeutic ultrasound plus splint increased the chance that patients were satisfied with treatment compared with splint alone. However, this result was not statistically significant for symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters. No studies reported any adverse effects of therapeutic ultrasound, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. More adverse effects data are required before any firm conclusions on the safety of therapeutic ultrasonography for CTS can be made. There is only poor quality evidence from very limited data to suggest that therapeutic ultrasound is more effective than placebo for either short- or long-term symptom improvement in people with CTS. More method rigorous studies are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of ultrasound for people with chronic wrist pain.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants in this review. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a statin), simvastatine, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. There is evidence that statin therapy in patients with a history of ischaemic stroke or TIA significantly reduces subsequent major coronary events but only marginally reduces the risk of stroke recurrence. There was no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later.
This review of 11 studies found evidence that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include mass media campaigns can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. Among seven campaigns reporting smoking prevalence, significant decreases were observed in the California and Massachusetts statewide tobacco control campaigns compared with the rest of the USA. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found statistically significant decreases. Among the eight studies presenting abstinence or quit rates, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the start of the campaign. Another (California) showed results during the period of adequate funding and implementation and in final evaluation since the beginning of the programme. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed positive effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence (Sydney). The intensity and duration of the mass media campaign may influence effectiveness, but length of the follow up and concurrent secular trends and events can make this difficult to quantify. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants in this review. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances when compared with no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared to psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, sleep disturbances or anxiety in the short term. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercise. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate for yoga versus no therapy and very low for yoga compared with psychosognitive/educative interventions. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that the results were not consistent across studies.
We included one study that compared early post-operative brain imaging (within 48 hours of surgery) with no early brain imaging among 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early postoperative imaging with respect to overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM and little or any difference in overall survival at two years after diagnosis. No other review outcomes were reported. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we identified no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in glioma seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based. The limited evidence suggesting that early postoperatively-relevant brain imaging may make little or little difference to survival among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment needs to be further researched, particularly as early postpostoperative imaging also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. Mathematical modelling of a large glooma patient database could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of gliomatosis, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other prognostic factors. Future research of paediatric gliomas could be used to inform future research of imaging strategies among adults with brain tumours.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine groups (2 RCTs, n = 120, RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.47, very low quality evidence) and numbers of participants with parkinsonism at eight weeks were similar. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of the key review, readmission due to relapse, mental state, readmissions to the hospital due to symptoms of schizophrenia, or cost of care. The evidence is current to September 2014. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiAPine fails to provide high-quality trial based data. However, the need to determine whether metiabine is more or less effective than chlorpromamide seems to be lacking in clinical relevance and future research on this comparison seems unlikely.
This review of trials found that nitro-imidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious side effects. There was no significant difference between mesalamines and azathiprine/sixMP for any other outcome. There were insufficient trials of inflixIMab, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 to draw conclusions. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post-operatively prophylaxis.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one trial), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of psychosfunctional interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions can be made because of the paucity of data and the low quality of the retrieved studies.
We found 23 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described randomisation and allocation concealment adequately. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found low quality evidence from 20 trials that quinines given at doses between 200 mg and 500 mg reduced cramps by 28% over two weeks, cramps days by 20%, and the number of cramps per cramp by 20%. The most common side effects were gastrointestinal symptoms, mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. There was no significant difference in the number or severity of major side effects. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in the blood vessels) on quinsine. A quinaine-vitamin E combination, vitamin E alone, and xylocaine injections into the stomach muscle were not significantly different to quinne across all outcomes, including side effects, including adverse effects. Based on a single trial comparison, quinidine alone was less effective than a quininine-theophylline combination but with no significant differences in side effects (side effects). There was low quality of evidence that quinsines given up to 60 days reduced the number and intensity of muscle cramps and cramp days. There is moderate quality evidence that with use up to one week, the incidence of serious side effects was not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials, but because serious adverse events can be rarely fatal, in some countries prescription of quinney is severely restricted. There were no serious side-effects reported in the included trials. Because serious side events are
We found seven randomised controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals amongst whom 118 cross-over participants additionally served as their own controls. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps (N = 202) and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers (N= 322 including cross-overs). Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. For idiopathy (where muscle cramps occur during the night) cramps were small, not statistically significant, and without heterogeneity (I2 = 0%). This includes the primary outcome, percentage change from baseline in the number of cramps per week at four weeks and the difference in the average number of a week per person (0.01 cramps/week). The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group (95% CI -28% to 12%, moderate quality evidence). Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found in measures of cramp intensity or cramp duration (low quality evidence) for trials of pregnancy-related leg cramp. Meta-analysis was not possible for trials evaluating the effects of magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramp or disease state-associated cramps. The single study comparing magnesium to placebo failed to find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials comparing magnesium versus placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the number or severity of minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramping. In contrast, for those experiencing pregnant-associated rest cramps the
We included one randomised controlled trial (a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with spinal cord injury. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was conducted in the USA. The participants were followed up for six months. The results of the study showed that people who performed strength training as prescribed did not walk as far as those who did not perform aerobic exercise training. The training group showed a slight improvement in walking distance on the six-minute walk test, but this improvement was not clinically meaningful. Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity, measured by the change in peak oxygen uptake (VO2max), was similar in the training group and the usual care group. The trial assessed function on the Hammersmith Functional Motor Scale - Expanded (HFMSE), which has a range of possible scores from 0 to 66, with an increase of 3 or more points indicating clinically meaningful improvement. The HFMSE score in the intervention group increased by 2 points from baseline to six months' follow-up, but there was no change in usual care. The strength of the muscle strength test was 6.8 points in the exercise training group compared to 5.14 points for the control group. No serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people with SMA type 3 and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
We found two small randomised controlled trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization in patients with cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. Both trials were of low quality and had significant risks of bias. One trial (81 patients) found that surgical decompression was superior to physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilized in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. The other trial (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelitis) found no significant differences in pain relief between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. A substantial proportion of cases were lost to follow-up. Both small trials were at significant risk of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spontaneous spondyleosis. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it. There is low quality evidence that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy and immobilization, but there is little or no difference in the long-term.
This review of nine studies found that telephone consultation by different types of health care workers may reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition bias and at high risk of bias associated with blinding. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. Most included studies did not report important improvement in clinical outcomes. For both adults and children, how and when inhaler technique was assessed appeared to affect whether inhaler techniques improved and by how much. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique were generally more useful than checklist scores. Adult studies of enhanced education showed benefit when this metric was used at 2 to 25 weeks' follow- up. Three studies showed benefit for adults with asthma control and quality of life. However, the benefit of multi- media training for adults even immediately after the intervention was uncertain. Confidence intervals included no difference or did not reach a threshold that could be considered clinically important. Responder analyses sometimes showed improvement among more people in the intervention groups, even though the mean difference between groups was small. Evidence tended to be less clear for children, usually because results were based on fewer and smaller studies. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for asthma control but generally did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits for adults or children. We found no evidence about harms. Guidelines consistently recommend that clinicians check regularly the inhaler skills of their patients; what is not clear is how clinicians can most effectively intervene if they find a patient's technique to be inadequate, and whether such interventions will have a discernible impact on clinical outcomes, or whether they will have an effect on harms
This review of three small trials, involving 226 participants, found that there is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannitol in acute stroke patients. There is a need for further trials to confirm or refute the beneficial or harmful effects of mananitol in patients with acute stroke.
This review identified six trials with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was observed for the three-dose range and for most outcome measures including tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. The difference for ESR was 10.6 mm/hr for the higher dose group. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, the fourth study compared the decoctions of Huangqi compound with two other Chinese herbal interventions. None of the studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoications of Huangchi compounds were given in addition to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count) (low blood cell counts <3 x 10^9 per L). Huangqi decoactions were also associated with increases in the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3, CD4 and CD8. There were no significant effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs. We need high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects of decoakings of Chinese medicinal herbs, particularly Astragalus spp.(as in Huangqi), upon chemotherapy-related side effects.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated vitamin A and vitamin A versus vitamin A only. None of the RCTs had a protocol for randomizing participants to receive vitamin A or DHA, so it was not possible to assess the risk of bias of the trials. The trials did not report the primary outcome, mean change of visual field from baseline at one year, so we could not combine the results of these three trials. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in any of the studies. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of vision loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in the other trials. Based on the results from three RCTS, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A/DHA for people with RP, in terms of the average change in visual field and ERG amplitude at one-year follow-up and the mean change in vision at five years. In future trials, since some of the included studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician (one). The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months (one RCT), to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada and Australia. We found very low quality evidence that job loss prevention interventions have an effect on job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low-quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the two RCTs investigating job loss the larger one (n = 242 participants) reported a large statistically significant reduction in job loss (relative risk (RR) = 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.18 to 0.68) and the other RCT reported similar effects in both groups, although the CI was very wide. The latter one probably suffered from performance bias and we judged it to have a high risk of bias. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up (MD = -2.42 days). Finally, in the same small trial, there was a moderate improvement of intermediate term work functioning using the Rheumatoid Arthritis-Work Instability Scale (RA-
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine) from three countries. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. We noted a reduction in risk of development of NEC (any stage) among preterm neonates in the group receiving arginines compared with the placebo group and rated the quality of evidence as moderate. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of a NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of developing NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%) and NEC stage 2 (RD -0.13, 95%) in the ARGINine group compared with control or no treatment groups. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the arkinine group and the control group (RR 1.41 to 1.45; I 2 = 42%) at 36 months. Results showed clinical heterogeneity in mortality rates. Investigators noted no significant side effects directly attributable to arginin, including hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36-month follow-up. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed.
We found four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg. No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses of inseminations. Current evidence is limited for the acute sinuitis confirmed by radiology or nasal endoscopy, but supports the use of INCs as a monotherapy or as an adjuvant therapy to antibiotics. Clinicians should weigh the modest but clinically important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy.
This review of trials found that prophylactic use of vancomycin in low doses reduces the incidence of nosocomial sepsis in the neonate. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials. The methodologies of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of sepsise in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines may have failed to grow due to the lack of vancombine in the infusate.
We found 14 reports of 13 randomised controlled trials on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by secondary intention. The evidence is current to September 2013. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds by second-wound healing. There was one trial of aloe vera supplementation vs gauze, which suggests delayed healing with aloe vinca, but the results of this trial are un interpretable since there was a large differential loss to follow up. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression. There were no statistically significant differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze or foam, alginate). Pain was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings. Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied compared with those receiving alternative dressings (3 trials). Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam (2 trials). Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied to a stump. We concluded that foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials of birth control pills, implants, and intrauterine devices. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterne system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. Exceptions were seen mainly in older studies with limited information. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. One trial did not quantify results. For breastfeeding duration two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not measure it. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG-iUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group (reported P < 0.05) but no significant difference at one year. One study showed lower volume of breast milk at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks. Another four studies did not show any significant difference between groups in milk volume or composition with two POPs, a COC, or an etonogenol implant. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater weight gain in the EtonogESTil implant group versus no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medication for 12 weeks (MD 426.00, 95% CI 58.94 to 793.06). The others studied POPs or no method. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. The results were limited for the evidence. The overall quality was moderate for the four trials that examined COC and POPs and for the other four trials of
We found 10 controlled trials from Australia, Singapore and the USA that evaluated the effectiveness of red-light cameras in reducing total casualty crashes. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. The evidence is current to January 2013. The only study that adjusted for both reported a rate ratio of 0.71 (95% CI to 0.55, 0.93). For three studies that partially adjusted for RTM but failed to consider spillover, the rate ratio was 0.87 (95%) (95%, 95% CI 0.77, 0). For one study that made no adjustments, the combined rate ratio for two studies that reported RTM was 076 (95%), and for three studies, the pooled rate ratio from the five studies with no adjustments was 074 (95%). Red-light violations were reported in one study. The red-camera system is effective in reducing the total number of crashes, but the evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific types of collision and red-litter violations. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
This review identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram for the percentage of outpatients with VTE who had reached therapeutic INRs by day five. Another study showed a significant benefit with a 5-mg (10 mg) warfarinsomnogram in patients with acute venous thromboembolism aged 18 years or older. No difference was observed in the number of patients who experienced major bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in the length of hospital stay. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of therapeutic INr and major bleeding, and low for minor bleeding and length of stay in the hospital. The evidence was of moderate quality for the outcome of recurrent venous blood clots at 90 days, and was of low quality for other outcomes.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with conventional treatment. One trial compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the trials were designed specifically for people with dementia, therefore the data included in the review were from subgroups of people with either dementia or cognitive impairment participating in randomised controlled trials investigating models of care for all older people following hip fracture. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one domain. As they were all conducted in larger trials, the analyses lacked power to detect differences between the intervention groups. Furthermore, there were some important differences in baseline characteristics of participants between the experimental and control groups. We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for all outcomes to low or very low. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise, and the overall certainty for most results was very low, so we were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was only very low certainty for our other primary outcome, activities of daily living and functional performance, therefore we were not able to draw conclusions with any confidence. Data were available from only a small number of trials, and all other results were very low-certainty. We found limited evidence that some of the models of rehabilitation and care used in the included trials may show benefits over usual care for preventing delirium and reducing length of stay for people who have been treated for hip fracture, but the certainty for these results is low. Data for all other outcomes was limited and of low certainty. Determining the optimal
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; two studies reported a reduction in hospital stay with no difference in the hospital readmission rate. Three studies reported improved parental anxiety and improved child behaviours. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported in one study. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for the families. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home-based care. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
We found 40 studies that compared ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies included 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. We found data relevant to two comparisons. 1. Intensive case management compared to standard care: ICM may make little or no difference in reducing the average number of days spent in hospital per month (low-quality evidence). Similarly, for the outcome global state, ICM reduced the number of people leaving the trial early (13 studies, 1798 participants). For the outcome adverse events, the evidence showed that ICM probably makes little to no difference (low quality evidence). It also improved social functioning, although ICM's effect on mental state and quality of life remains valuable to people with severe mental illness. 2. ICM when compared with non- ICM: We found moderate- to very low- to moderate-quality data that ICm probably makes no or no differences in the average time spent in the hospital (moderate quality evidence) or in the total number of admissions to hospital (very low quality evidence), or in reducing death by suicide (low to moderate quality evidence); however, ICm may reduce social functioning and may reduce the number leaving the intervention early (7 studies, 1970 participants). Finally, for social functioning there was uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment (very poor quality evidence): there was very low to low quality data for unemployment as compared to no ICM (1 study, 73 participants). 3. Fidelity to ACT model: The more ICM is adherent to the ACT model, the better it is at decreasing time in hospital ('organisation fidelity' variable -0.36, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.0 to 0.7); and ii.)
This review looked at the effects of box model training compared with no additional training. The review included 16 trials with a total of 446 participants. The trials compared box models with no extra training. All but one trial were at high risk of bias (risk of overestimating the benefits and underestimating the harms of the intervention). The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). The review found that box models improved technical skills compared with not having previous laparoscopic experience. The time taken for a laparoscopically performed task to complete was shorter in the box model group than in the control group. The training also improved the ability of the trainee to perform the task correctly and to perform it correctly in the short and the long term. The impact of this decreased time on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs are unknown. None of the remaining secondary outcomes such as mortality and morbidity were reported in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee satisfaction. There was no significant difference in the time taken to complete the task in the remaining three comparisons (reverse alignment versus forward alignment box training; box trainer suturing versus box trainer drills; and single incision versus multiport box models). The only trial that reported accuracy score found significantly higher accuracy score with Z-maze box training than U-mazes box training. One trial (36 participants) found significantly shorter time taken in the task when box training was performed using a simple cardboard box trainer compared with the standard pelvic trainer. There were no significant differences in the error score between the two groups in any of the comparisons (box trainer suture versus box training drills; single incisions versus multiports; and Z-Maze versus U-Mazes). None of these secondary outcomes were adequately reported. The quality of the trials was low or very low
This review of two randomised clinical trials found no evidence to support or refute the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients. This trial found no significant differences between the two treatments. The other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. Patients had significantly higher serum bilirubin concentration after treatment with prednison compared with budesonides. No other statistically significant effects on clinical or biochemical outcomes were reported on any of the evaluated interventions. The intrabiliary application of corticosteroid via nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. This review also found that parenteral nutrition (feeding through a vein) may be more effective than enteral nutrition. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on disability.
We included 57 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 34,390 participants. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% confidence interval (CI) 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that participants who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls, 15 studies showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) intervention participants drank one unit per occasion less than control participants. There was no evidence of a difference in alcohol consumption at the end of the study period. The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital interventions to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. Reporting of theory use was very limited and often unclear when present. There were no studies that used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. Limited reporting of theory was unrelated to heterogeneity in intervention effectiveness. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. A median of nine studies were used in experimental arms (range = 1 to 22). The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (6% of 20). Over half of the interventions (n = 21, 51%) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used theory in selecting participants or using theory to choose participants. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low.
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 participants were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomly assigned to other active treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. We rated all studies as at unclear risk of bias in at least three domains. In addition, 20 of the 24 included studies were at a high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were conducted). The results of the review suggest that benzodiazapine may be superior to placebo in the short-term treatment of panic disorders. The dropout rate was lower among participants treated with benzodizapine than with placebo. However, the number of dropouts due to side effects was higher with benzidiazepines than with a placebo. Furthermore, our analyses of side effects showed that a higher proportion of participants experienced at least one side effect when treated with a benzodazapine compared to placebo, but the quality of evidence was low. The quality of this evidence was downgraded due to the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies did not examine the long-term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzoduzapine versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. The clinician's choice of treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-time perspective.
We found 13 small randomised controlled trials (1520 participants randomised) that compared tai chi with no treatment. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney deficiency syndrome. All studies were short term (one year or less) and all studies had follow-up of one year. There was some suggestion of beneficial effects of tai Chi on CVD risk factors but this was not consistent across all studies. Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai-chi improved quality of life at three months. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There are currently no long-term trials examining taichi for the primary prevention of CVD. Due to the limited evidence available currently no conclusions can be drawn as to the effectiveness of ta chi for the prevention of cardiovascular disease.
We found 27 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared family-based interventions with no intervention or usual care, or school-based programmes. Twenty-three interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Two studies were tested by two studies, one was tested by three studies and the remaining 20 distinct interventions were only tested by one study. We were unable to extract data from all studies in a format that allowed inclusion in a meta-analysis. There was moderate quality evidence to suggest that family interventions can have a positive effect on preventing children and adolescents from starting to smoke. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to a control group receiving no intervention, than there were for other compairsons. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. Based on this moderate-quality evidence a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because effect estimates could not include data from the studies. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (which is usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. The evidence is therefore strongest for high-intensity programmes used independently of school interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old.
We included three studies with a total of 451 participants in this review. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional corticosteroids in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexamethylamine. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We included two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days in the meta-analysis for nausea intensity; no data were available that incorporated the same outcome measures for the third trial. Corticosteroid therapy with dexamETHASone resulted in less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10, with a lower score indicating less nausea) compared to placebo at eight day, although this result was not statistically significant (P = 0.37). Frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups, and both treatments were well tolerated. The quality of this evidence was downgraded from high to very low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies. Factors limiting statistical analysis included the lack of standardised measurements of nausea, and differences in the doses, dosages, and comparisons between the studies. Subgroup analysis according to type of cancer was not possible due to insufficient data. There are few studies assessing the effects of corticostoids on nausea and vomiting not related to chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or surgery in adult cancer patients. This review found very low-quality evidence which neither supported nor refuted the use of steroids in this setting. Further high-quality studies are needed to determine if cortics are efficacious in this population.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) of high-risk children with HIV-infected, cystic fibrosis or cancer who were randomly assigned to receive antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. Three studies included HIV- infected children (n = 1345) and four cystic cystitis, four sickle cell disease and one each heart disease, cancer and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders. The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with the following conditions: HIV infection, cancer, heart disease and sickle cells. There was no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events with the use of antibiotics. In children with lung disease, there was a significant reduction in the number of children who died. There were no significant differences between children who received antibiotics and those who did not. In the one study of children with cancer, there were a significant reductions in Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazine (a drug used to treat cancer) and a significant decrease in the rates of hospital admission per child-year of follow-up. There is no evidence of increased antibiotic resistance in two studies. In two studies of children, there is no significant difference in the occurrence of Pseudomonas infections. The effect of antibiotic prophylaxis on growth in children with cystic lung disease was inconsistent across the studies. The evidence is current to September 2014.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), randomising 519 participants, comparing different gases (i.e. nitrous oxide, helium, argon, nitrogen, and room air) for establishing pneumoperitoneum. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous or carbon dioxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants; very low quality of evidence), or surgical morbidity (two trials; 143 participants; both very low). There were no serious adverse events related to either of these gases. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low quality evidence. The evidence of lower hospital costs and reduced pain during the first day with room air or room water (70 participants) compared with carbon dioxide was rated by the review authors as very low. There were three serious adverse effects (subcutaneous emphysema) related to helium (three studies; 128 participants). One trial (76 participants) randomly assigned participants to room air and carbon air (70 and 76 participants) or room saline (70 people) and room water or room salt water (76 people). The trial did not state the number of participants in each group. There did not report on complications, serious adverse event, quality of life, and pain. The quality of the current evidence is very low, and further trials are needed to establish the safety of different gases. The effects of the use of different types of gases ( nitrous, helium or room gas) for the formation of pneumoperiton
This review identified 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) investigating the effects of different doses of corticosteroids given to preterm infants. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies compared a high versus a moderate dose of cortics; and five studies a moderate versus a low cumulative dose. Analysis of the studies investigating a moderate dexamethasone dose versus a high-dosage regimen showed an increased risk of BPD (typical risk ratio (RR) 1.50, 95% CI 1.01 to 2.22; typical risk difference (RD) 0.26, 95%) and an increased number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 4.4; I² = 0%, 2 studies, 55 infants) as well as an increased neurodevelopmental outcome (typically RR 8.33, 95-CI 1.63 to 42.48; NNTH 4, 95/CI 2.2 to 7.3; I¬² = 68%, two studies, 74 infants) when using a moderate cumulative dose of steroids. There were no differences in outcomes between a moderate- and a low-dose regimen. Four other studies enrolleding 762 infants investigated early initiation of steroids versus a moderately early or delayed initiation and showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. The two RCTs investigating a continuous versus a pulse dexametasone regimen showed a higher risk of the combined outcome death or BPD when using the pulse therapy. Finally, two trials investigating a standard regimen versus a participant-individualized course of dexamets showed no difference in the main outcome and long-term outcomes. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher doses of steroids, recommendations on the optimal type of steroid, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation for the
This review of trials found that there was little evidence that steroids reduced the risk of heart disease in patients with acute rheumatic fever. However, the trials were old and the results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. New trials are warranted to assess the effects of corticosteroids such as oral prednisone and intravenous methylprednisolone and to assess other new anti-inflammatory agents. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticide use to be effective in reducing trachomiasis. One study found that another fly-controlling measure, latrine provision, reduced trachomas by 29.5% compared with no intervention; this was, however, not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed by a more recent study. Another study revealed that health education reduced the incidence of the disease. These findings were not confirmed by the second study, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce the incidence. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of trachome.
This review of 15 studies (1043 participants) found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies in reducing fatigue symptoms. However, the evidence base at follow-up is limited to a small number of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with chronic fatigue syndrome.
We found one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) which included 46 people with sickle cell disease (HbSS, HbSC, HSBA, HSBS, HSBC and HSBA). Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven participants withdrew before randomisation leaving 39 participants who were randomised. Participants were given either vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) (n = 20) or a placebo (19) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Two participants from the treatment group have missing values of baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, therefore the number of samples analysed was 37 (vitaminD n = 18, placebo n = 19). The included study had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data (high dropout rate in the placebo group), but a low risk of biases for other domains such as random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of participants, personnel and outcome assessors, selective outcome reporting, and an unclear risk of other biases. Compared to the placebo groups, the vitamin D group had significantly higher serum vitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, but again the quality of the evidence was low. Furthermore, the review included physical functioning PedsQL scores which was reported as absolute change from baseline. The vitamin D groups had a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than the placebo (quality of life) group but this was not significant at eight or 16 weeks. The frequency of pain days were significantly lower in the vitamin group but again, again the evidence for this outcome was of low quality. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin and placebo
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) in a university clinic in Australia. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions four days a week for three weeks. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and language pathologist between one month or four months after the end of treatment. There is limited evidence that, when delivered intensiveately, both NDP-3 and ReST may effect improvement in word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency, and the ability to connect speech of at least three word combinations. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP--3 for accuracy of speech production on non-treatment words, and accuracy of connected speech, assessed by imitated word accuracy. The study did not assess the outcome of functional communication. No formal analyses were conducted to compare the two interventions by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one RCT was identified. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence base. Similarly, further RCTS are needed of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-
This review included four trials that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to poor reporting. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. We judged these three studies to have a mixture of low or unclear quality due to lack of reporting. In the last study, all participants had active retinochoroiditis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomisation to trimethopsuramethoxazole versus placebo. In all four studies antibiotic was administered orally. Only the study in Brazil reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. People treated with antibiotic treatment may have a similar change in vision at one year compared with people treated with placebo. There is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of recurrent toxoplasma-related eye infection compared with placebo, but there is no evidence of better vision outcomes. Further trials of people with acute and chronic toxoplasm retinoachoroids affecting any part of the retina are required to determine the effects of antibiotic treatment on vision outcomes for people with this condition. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia.
We included 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus implant comparisons provided insufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test. Two trials (65 participants) found intrameducary nails were associated with fewer fracture fixation complications than fixed nail plates for unstable fractures at the level of the lesser trochanters. Two other trials (124 participants) showed a tendency to less fracture healing complications with the intrameudullary nails compared with fixed nail plate for subtrochanteral fractures. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) comparing nail versus external bone plate comparisons for non-rotarct fractures provided sufficient evidence to show definite differences. Further studies are required to confirm whether more recently developed designs of intramesyllary nail avoid the complications of previous nails.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed retrospective data for 47 women who received either palliative surgery (n = 27) or medical management with Octreotide (20) and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Although six (22%) women who had surgery had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, multivariable analysis found that women who were given surgery had significantly (p < 0.001) better survival after adjustment for important prognostic factors. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not recorded and adverse events were incompletely documented. We found only low quality evidence comparing palliation surgery and medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. There is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
This review found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that studied the effects of statins in 244 women with PCOS. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effect of simvastatin, and two trials (60 women) studied atorvastatine. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (nmol/L) when used alone or with the OCP. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides but had no significant effect on total blood lipids (HDL), fasting insulin or homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) insulin resistance. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTs to assess clinical outcomes.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) of women with cervical cancer who were randomly assigned to receive any of the following treatments: formalin-soaked packs, radiotherapy or radiotherapy techniques for controlling vaginal bleeding. We found no trials that compared any of these treatments with radiotherapy. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin, formalin and radiotherapy packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapeutic techniques for palliative control of vaginal bleeding in women with cancer. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of those treatments. Radiotherapy techniques are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources. Thus, this systematic review identified the need for a randomised trial assessing the benefits and risks of treatments for vaginal bleeding for women with advanced cervical cancer.
This review of trials found that when given in combination with radiotherapy, temozolomide improves survival and delays progression without affecting quality of life in patients with glioblastoma multiforme. However, these benefits only appear to emerge when therapy is given in both concomitant and adjuvant phases of treatment. In patients with recurrent head and brain tumour, it appears comparable to radiotherapy in terms of survival and progression-free survival (PFS) but with a higher instance of adverse events. In the elderly, temozolomides alone appears comparable with radiotherapies but with an increased risk of early side effects.
We found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of contracting-in and intermittent training courses for district health system managers. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for district Health systems management ('contracting-in') may improve health care access and utilization. However, contracting in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. The other study provides low quality data from three countries in Latin America that intermittent training of district health systems managers over 18 months may improve their performance. In three countries, managers who did not receive the intermittent training course had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions for retaining district Health Systems managers met our study selection criteria for inclusion in this review. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs) as well as training district health workers have not been adequately investigated. More evidence is required before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness and safety of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. There was no description of concealment of the randomization sequence in two studies. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two of the studies. There were no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of intensive care unit stay. The length of time spent in the intensive care department, length of stay in the ICU, and hospital stay were measured in the three studies. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. There is some evidence from three small studies that showed that surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia and chest deformities, and the length of the time spent on a breathing machine. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
Cerivastatin is an anti-cholesterolemia drug that is used to lower blood cholesterol. This review of 50 trials (19 randomised controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) found that cerivastin was about 250-fold more potent than fluvastatin, 20-fold stronger than atorvastin and 5.5-fold better than rosuvastat at reducing LDL cholesterol, and 233-fold greater than atarvastarin at reducing total cholesterol. There was no evidence that the drug had an effect on HDL cholesterol, but overall, cerivastsatin increased HDL cholesterol by 5%. There was a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse effects, but a low risk of biases for the lipid measurements. The quality of the evidence was high.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. Most of the studies were of high quality. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation did not reduce the need for dialysis, need for hospital stay, length of hospital stay or death compared to control. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients who received remote iliac clamping. It is uncertain whether remote ischemic preconditionsing leads to increased adverse effects compared to controls because the certainty of the evidence is low. The available data does not confirm the effectiveness of remote ischchaemic pre-surgical intervention in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in patients undergoing cardiac and vascular surgical surgery in which renal damage to the kidneys may occur.
This review included 12 trials with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-drug interventions: a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). The fatigue severity was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups (244 participants, pooled SMD -1.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) -193 to -0.21), with significant heterogeneity between trials (I2 = 87%, degrees of freedom (df) = 6, P value < 0.00001). The beneficial effect was not seen in trials that had used adequate allocation concealment (two trials, 89 participants, SMD 0.38, CI 0.80 to 0.04) or trials that used adequate blinding of outcome assessors (four trials, 198 participants). Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF. Other interventions described were tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after stroke, and some have had a high risk of bias. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous. Some of the interventions described described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We found three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) that evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. The trials were very small with a total of 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials. One study (Hu 1991) showed that the combination of insulin and glucose compared to cation-exchange resin reduced the risk of death from all causes. In the other two trials (Hu 2000 and Malone 1991) the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage was significantly reduced. In one trial (Hu 1998) the combination insulin and saline inhalation was found to be superior to saline inhalations. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination or saline inhalate. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. No firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm conclusions can be drawn.
This review found 12 trials that compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected participants. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias compared intravenous immunoglobulin with PE. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not significantly different between the two treatments. There were also no significant differences in the other measures considered. Three studies including a total of 75 children suggested that IVIG significantly hastens recovery compared with supportive care. The primary outcome for this review, available for only one trial with 21 mildly affected children, showed significantly more improvement in disability grade after four week with IVIIg than supportive treatment alone. In one trial involving 249 participants comparing PE followed by IVI g with PE alone, the average grade improvement was 0.2 (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.14 to 0.54) more in the combined treatment group than in the PE alone group; not clinically significantly different, but not excluding the possibility of significant extra benefit. Another trial with 34 participants comparing immunoabsorption followed by intravenous infusion with immuno absorption alone did not show significant extra improvement. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment but IVIGs are significantly more likely to be completed than PE. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. A previous Cochrane review has shown that PE hastens the recovery of people with severe disease compared to supportive treatment only. In children, according to low quality evidence, IVIgl probably hastens this recovery as much as supportive care alone. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) in this review. In 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high percentage of inspired air was not associated with death from any cause within the longest follow-up and within 30 days of treatment. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. Similarly, when all trials were included, a higher fraction ofinspired oxygen did not reduce the risk of death due to any cause. In nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, high percentage inspired oxygen was associated with a decrease in surgical site infections. In five trials adequately blinded for the outcome assessment, a similar effect was noted. We did not observe an effect of a high percent of inspired blood oxygen on surgical site infection in any other subgroup analyses. As the risk for adverse events, including death, may be increased by a fraction of 60% or higher, and as robust evidence is lacking for a beneficial effect of 60%, we conclude that evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of high fraction oxygen levels during anaesthesia and surgery. Given the risks of attrition and outcome reporting bias, as well as other weaknesses in the available evidence, further randomized trials with a large number of participants and long-term follow up are warranted.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (involving 3258 children) comparing oral antibiotics with placebo or no treatment in children up to 16 years of age with OME. Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion in this review. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the control treatment. However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, 742 children) indicating that these children are more than twice as likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. In terms of other secondary outcomes, only two trials (849 children) reported on hearing levels at two weeks and found conflicting results. None of the trials reported data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion (two trials, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one trial, 103 children), while low quality evidence indicated that children were less likely to be treated with antibiotics within four to eight weeks (five trials, 1086 children) and within six months (199 children) after randomisation. It should be noted that the beneficial effect of oral antibiotics on acute otitis media episodes within four or eight weeks was no longer significant when we excluded studies with high risk of bias. This review presents evidence of both benefits and harms associated with the use of oral antibiotic to treat children with otococcal disease. Although evidence indicates that oral antibiotic treatment is associated with an increased chance of complete resolution at various time points, we also found evidence that children with oral OME are likely to
We found 12 studies that compared a low protein diet with no protein intake in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs. Because of the variability amongst patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. Within the subgroup of predominantly mild brain injury,'strong evidence' suggested that most individuals made a good recovery when appropriate information was provided, without the need for additional specific interventions. For moderate to severe injury, there was strong evidence that people who received formal intervention made a better recovery when they were already in rehabilitation, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. For people with moderate to moderate brain injury already in recovery, there is evidence that more intensive programmes are associated with earlier functional gains, and that continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. The context of multi-disciplinary rehabilitation appears to influence outcomes. 'Strong evidence' supports the use of a milieu-oriented model for patients with severe brain injury in which comprehensive cognitive rehabilitation takes place in a therapeutic environment and involves a peer group of patients. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapy-oriented milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment in which they share the challenges of a similar group of individuals with similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychology rehabilitation following severe brain injuries. Patients discharged from in-patient rehabilitation benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. Patients who present acutely to hospital with mild brain injuries benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate-to-severe brain injury benefit from routine follow up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Intensive intervention appears to lead to earlier gains in functional recovery, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has yet to be determined. Not all questions can be answered by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. This trial compared full mother-infant rooming-in versus partial mother-child separation. The trial compared four groups with a factorial design (i.e. four groups of women were allocated to each of the four groups in a random fashion). The evidence is current to September 2015. The evidence was of low quality. The study reported that the duration of any breastfeeding was not different between the two groups. The average duration of breastfeeding was four months in the rooming in group and four months for the separate care group. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was slightly higher in the group of women who received rooming (8.3 times per day) compared with the separate control group (7.3). The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was significantly higher among women receiving rooming care (86% versus 45%). The study did not report on exclusive breastfeeding at six months of age. The quality of the evidence was low. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming the mother-baby together. Further well-designed randomised trials are needed to investigate full mother and baby rooming and separate care including all important outcomes.
This review of trials found that sanchi may be beneficial and safe for acute ischaemic stroke, but the small sample and inferior quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are required.
This review of trials found that there is not enough reliable evidence to determine whether there are any advantages or disadvantages of immediate, immediate-delayed or delayed implant placement. There is a suggestion that implant placement timing may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants but on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction.
We found two trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared cliocinol (PB1) with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for us to analyse. There was no significant difference in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognition (ADAS-Cog)) between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. The difference in mean change from baseline ADAS-cog score was 7.37 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.51 to 13.24) and 6.36 (CI -0.50 to 13). The second trial compared PBT2, a successor to PBT1, with a placebo in 78 participants with mild dementia. There were no significant differences in cognition between the two groups at week 12. However, two executive function component tests of the NTB showed significant improvement over placebo in the PBT-2 250 mg group from baseline to week 12: category fluency test (2.8 words, 95% CI 0.1 to 5.4; P = 0.041) and trail making part B (-48.0 s) (-83.0 to -13.0). In the executive factor Z score, the difference in least squares mean change (0.27 (0·01 to 0·53; p=0·042) was 0·27 for PBT 2 250 mg compared with placebo. There is no significant effect on cognition on Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or ADAS -Cog scales. PBT has a favourable safety profile. The planned phase III trial of PBBT1 has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development. The second study showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe and well tolerated in mild Alzheimer’s dementia. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants, and two trials specifically included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in PAH. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and muscle pain. There were limited trials comparing PDE inhibitors directly with other PAH-specific therapy (endothelin receptor antagonists (ERAs)). Those on PDE- inhibitors walked 49 metres further in six minutes compared to ERAs, and those using ERAs walked 34 metres further compared to placebo. There is no evidence of a difference in the number of deaths between the two groups. Five trials compared the use of a PDE inhibitor to placebo in PH secondary to left-heart disease (PH-LHD). The quality of data was low due to imprecision and inconsistency across trials. In those with PH-L HD there were reduced odds of an improvement in WHO functional class using PDE 5 inhibitors, and there was no difference in death between the groups. There are no data on the effects of PDE agents on lung disease. There may be some benefit for the use PDE1 inhibitors in PH-left-heart patients, but it is not clear based on the current evidence. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this clinical setting, and clinicians should consider the side-effect profile for each individual when choosing which PDEa to prescribe. Further consideration should be given to the long-term effects of these agents.
We included 22 randomised controlled trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injections of local anaesthesia. The quality of the evidence was high for most of the outcomes. The review found that nerve stimulation techniques using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. Compared with multiple injections, the time for block performance was shorter for single injection and double injections, however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injection compared with double injections. Otherwise there were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. The included trials were generally well designed and conducted, although the most common areas of weakness were in blinding and allocation concealment.
We found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. All three studies lasted between 7-12 months. In all three studies, the growth of the children was significantly reduced. The average decrease in growth was 1.54 cm per year (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.15 to -1). The average growth rate of children treated with the inhaled steroid was -2.05 cm (CI -2% CI -2%, -2%). In children with moderate asthma, the average decrease was -3.05 centimetres per year. The mean age of children in the studies ranged from 12 months to 15 years. The studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in the growth rate is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on the growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. If inhaled corticosteroids are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child’s asthma and closely following growth.
This review found that APD has not been shown to have significant advantages over CAPD in terms of important clinical outcomes. APD may however be considered advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education due to its psychosocial advantages.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival in patients with early stage (I-II) HD. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) separately. The risk of SM was higher with CRT, but not significant for early stages alone. For advanced stages, CRT better prevents progression/relapse but CT alone seems to cause less SM.  Data were insufficient to compare RT to CT.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy. Reduced SM risk after IF-RT instead of EF-RT could not be demonstrated. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
This review included 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty-five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k"] = 12, n = 3040), transdermally (k = 5, 1628), or intrathecally (n = 10). Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI): 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [ 95% CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%]; or insufficient pain relief (oral 10.3%, [95%) to 13.9%), or transdermatic 8.9%. Many participants stopped taking opioids because of side effects, including nausea and headache, but serious side effects (iatrogenic opioid addiction) were rare. Many patients discontinue taking opioids due to side effects or lack of pain relief. However, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids long term experience clinically significant pain relief, but the amount of pain reduction varied among studies. Findings regarding quality of life and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermic and intrathecal administration studies. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of participants in the studies that reported that outcome. All three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but there was not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effects of opioids on quality of functioning.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 (standard range 11.6 to 58.6) years) in the placebo group. This trial compared oxandrogolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. The trial stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) showed no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing. The certainty of the evidence was very low for the outcomes of complete ulcer and side effects. We are uncertain whether oxandolone increases or decreases the risk of serious side effects, pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. The evidence was of very low quality. The included trial was of short duration and the number of participants in the trial was too small to detect a difference between the anabolic steroids and placebo. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email to usual care. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail. For both comparisons (email versus standard mail, email versus usual care and email versus care) there was a lack of evidence for patient or caregiver understanding and support. Results were inconclusive for patient and caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus other forms of communication, there were no significant differences between groups for patient health status and well-being. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included trials were generally of poor quality. The results of this review are therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
This review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. Pooled data identified a significant difference from the addition of postural restriction in the frequency of Dix-Hallpike test conversion when compared to the use of the manoeuvre alone. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients versus 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a positive to a negative Dix Hallpike Test (risk ratio (RR) 1.13, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.22, P = 0.002). No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. No evidence of benefit was found for mastoid oscillation applied during the Eley manoeuvres, or of additional steps in the manoeuvres. No side effects of the treatment were reported. There is evidence supporting a statistically significant effect of post-postural restrictions in comparison to the Eoney manoeuvr alone. However, it important to note that this statistically significant difference only highlights a small improvement in treatment efficacy. An EpleY manoeuvre with postural restrictors alone is effective in just under 80% of patients with typical BPPPV. The additional intervention of postoral restrictions has a number needed to treat (NNT) of 10. This is an important number as it does not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised. Specific patients who experience discomfort due to wearing a cervical collar and inconvenience in sleeping upright may be treated with the E pley manoeuve alone and
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics for adults with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. These studies included a total of 231 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies compared different surgical treatments versus various different types and dosages of steroids, antibiotics and other treatments. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, 109 participants); (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87 participants); and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid). All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. Although there were important differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies, these results were similar. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain. As the overall evidence is of very low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem, which has significant implications for quality of life and healthcare service usage, is justified. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. No differences were found for any objective measurements or
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 709 participants. Seven trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared zinc-Fortified foods in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. We found that foods fortified with zinc increased the levels of zinc in the blood compared to foods without added zinc. However, participants consuming foods with zinc compared with participants consuming the same food without zinc had similar risk of underweight and stunting. A single trial of adding zinc to iron in wheat flour did not find a reduction in the proportion of people with zinc deficiency. No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting, and there was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with iron or copper status. There was no difference in serum or plasma zinc levels between people consuming foods fortified with zinc plus other micronutrients compared with people consuming the foods with micronuts but no added zinc (low-quality evidence). No trial reported adverse effects of adding iron to iron to wheat flour. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of September 2018.
We included 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that men with advanced prostate cancer treated with non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy were less likely to live for longer than those who received medical or surgical castration alone, and were more likely to experience side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes. The risk of treatment discontinuation due to side effects was higher in men treated with antiandrogens compared with castration. The quality of the evidence was moderate for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure. The effect of the use of antiandrogens on cancer-specific survival and biochemical progression was unclear. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as the quality of evidence is hampered by risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared screening with no screening. We found eight eligible trials. We excluded a trial because the randomisation had failed to produce comparable groups. The trials included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years; four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction. The overall quality of the trials was poor. The evidence is up to date as of September 2013. The review found that breast cancer deaths was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The four trials that showed a reduction in total cancer mortality after 10 years did not find an effect of screening on total cancer deaths, including breast cancer, or on all-cause mortality after 13 years. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy (data available in only two trials). If we assume that screening reduces the risk of death from breast cancer by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk. Because of substantial advances in treatment and greater breast cancer awareness since the trials were carried out, it is likely that screening today is smaller than in the trials.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units hCG priming compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 unit hCG compared to 10, thousand units of priming, and one study compared 20, thousand unit priming with 10, 1000 units priming alone. Three of the four studies only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (n = 400). We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. We found no conclusive evidence that priming had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCG may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. As no data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions, we could not adequately assess the safety of hCG Priming. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of primed hCG, and the optimal dose and timing.
This review found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. There is not enough evidence to determine whether sub groups of women using specific type of hormone therapy could benefit from treatment. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these uncertainties by the year 2010. In the meantime, based on the available evidence, ERT cannot be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or maintenance in women without cognitive impairment.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 participants. We found that both studies used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. Included studies enrolled participants with both partially reversible and non-reversible COPD and baseline mean per cent predicted forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV₁) of 43.4 to 49.6. We are uncertain whether once-daily ICS or LAMA inhalers, combined in one inhaler, have a different efficacy or adverse effect profile compared to LAMA for treatment of people with COPD. The short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty. Further trials of longer duration are needed.
This review of four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found that antidepressants (such as fluoxetine and clomipramine) and psychotherapy (including cognitive-behaviour therapy (CBT) such as cognitive behavioural therapy) may be effective in the treatment of patients with BDD. Symptom severity was also significantly reduced in the RCTs of the antidepressants, as well as in the two CBT trials. A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one trial of CBT. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as a range of psychological therapy approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis in adults with HIV/AIDS. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. The three trials included 268 adults with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to cotricles. In the small trials included in this review, when compared to a rechallenge protocol, cotracoside desensitization resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV-infected patients with a history of moderate or mild hypersensitivity. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Paediatric data and trials in resource-poor settings are urgently required. Further randomised trials are also needed for the treatment of opportunistic infections, treating-through, adjunctive medications, and different desensitiization-dosing schedules.
We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns in this review. We found no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality. The trials were conducted in the United States and involved 148 newborn infants. All three trials compared midazolam with placebo (a dummy drug) or another sedative (placebo). The duration of hospital stay was longer in the midazolateam group than in the placebo group. One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores during midazoledam infusion than during dextrose (placebos) infusion. Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in the Midazolamic analgesia group compared with the morphine group. We could not determine whether midazoleam is effective in preterm infants because no validated sedation scales have been used to assess the effectiveness of midazolanam in this population. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of NICU stay, adequacy of analgesia according to PIPP scores and poor neurological outcomes by 28 days of age. We rated the quality of evidence as moderate for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
This review of 12 trials involving 767 participants found no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. There was a higher risk of adverse events in people who received antibiotic treatment for NTS. There is no evidence that antibiotics are beneficial in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in this review. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. Prevalence of the infection varied greatly across studies, ranging from 12% to 78%. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. The SROC curve showed a great dispersion in individual studies accuracy estimates (21 studies, 3650 adult patients), therefore the considerable heterogeneity in the collected data prevented us from calculating formal accuracy estimates. Using a fixed prevalence of sepsi of 50% and a fixed specificity of 74%, we found a sensitivity of 66% (95% confidence interval 60 to 72%). If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of septic shock with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have sepsitis. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of the review once they are fully published and evaluated. The conclusions of this review will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully included and included.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in this review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver-containing dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification, five trials that involved people undergoing what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery, and the remaining studies including people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures. The review contains 11 comparisons in total. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention with wound dressing reduces the risk of SSI, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk, improving scarring, reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. Most studies in this study were small and at a high or unclear risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSIs and were often not clearly reported. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and acceptability of dressing, and uncertainty whether wound dressers influenced these outcomes. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference.
We found two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid supplements with placebo. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Sixty-one women completed the placebo arm, 44 of whom completed an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) and 41 completed an EPDS. This included study (n = 85) found selenum had an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.07). There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPD. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the presence of major depressive disorder at six to eight weeks postpartum, the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of neonates to the neonatal intensive care unit. The primary outcome measure was the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) score at the fifth visit (six to eight week postpartu). No benefit was found for EPA-rich fish oil or DHA-rich Fish oil supplementation in preventing postpartup depression. No difference was found on postnatal depression comparing EPA with DHA. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postnatal depressive.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) addressing different anthracycline infusion durations (803 participants) and different peak doses (5280 participants). Seven studies were RCTs addressing different durations of infusion and four evaluated different peak dose. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumours. We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of clinical heart failure, and it seems to reduce the risks of subclinical cardiac damage. We did not find any difference in the occurrence of heart failure in participants treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or 60 mg or more, and we found no evidence of cardiotoxicity. We identified no evidence for the other identified peak doses, so we can make no definitive conclusions about the incidence of adverse effects. We cannot make any conclusions about whether different peak durations are beneficial or harmful for patients with solid tumour or leukaemias. We need more high-quality research in this area.
We included 37 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3110 participants in this review. Nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included during the 2017 update. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported data for mortality, 31 studies reported unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 studies reported pneumonia. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform a meta-analysis. We judged the quality of the evidence for each outcome to be very low. The studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. Heterogeneity was evident both in the trial designs and participant inclusion. Inconsistencies in results may be explained by heterogeneity among study participants or by bias introduced by individual study methodology but we could not explore this in detail in subgroup or sensitivity analyses. Despite a large number of studies, there remains no high-quality evidence that hypothermic treatment is beneficial in the treatment of people with traumatic brain injury.
This review identified three studies, involving a total of 519 people with depression. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments used to measure depression. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, the overall quality of the evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence (based on the non-combined findings from three studies) indicating that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. The current evidence base is too heterogeneous and sparse to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness of the family therapy approach in the treatment of depression. At this point, use of psychological interventions for the prevention of depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy. Further high quality trials examining the effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of explicitly defined forms of therapy are required.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials involving a total of 206 participants with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE. No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the included trials. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL. Of the three included trials, all described the adverse events in detail, there were no differences across the trials (OR 4.84, 95% CI 0.55 to 42.67). Due to the low methodological quality, small number of trials, and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of the DuxIL for the treatment of patients with dementia.
This review found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 960 participants. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which therefore reduces the reliability of the evidence. The OR for seroma formation was 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23 to 0.91, P = 0.03) in favour of a reduced incidence of seroma in participants with drains inserted. The mean difference in length of hospital stay, reported in four trials consisting of 600 participants, was 1.47 days greater in the drained population. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative seroma aspirations were found in the drains population (95.4% CI 1.25 to 1.35 fewer) in two trials including 212 participants. No significant difference in infection rates was observed between the drainage and no drainage groups. The average difference in the length of time spent in hospital was reported in three trials including 519 participants, and there was no significant difference between the two groups in the incidence of lymphoedema (inflammation of the lymph nodes). There was no difference in haematoma (a blood clot in the blood vessels) between the groups, nor was there any significant difference observed in the number of post-operative haemorrhage aspirations. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduces the odds of developing a seroma and reduces the number post-operatively. These benefits should be balanced against an increased length of stay in hospital.
This review of eight studies with 390,769 participants found conflicting evidence regarding the association between flavonoid intake and colorectal neoplasms. There was no evidence that total flavonoids, Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones reduced the risk of colorctal cancer and adenomas. However, there was some evidence that increased intake of procyanidin and phytoestrogen could reduce the incidence of colon cancer. The evidence for Flavan-3-ols was also conflicting. The results from two studies suggested that increased consumption of Flavan 3-ols reduced both the risk for colon cancer and the risk from colon cancer adenoma. A statistically significant reduced risk of colon cancers was found with high intake of epicatechin. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high anthocyanin intake for the prevention of colon neoplomas.
We included seven trials with a total of 1369 participants in this review. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, we found that extending the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the number of patients who had a sustained virological response (i.e. a reduction in the level of HCV RNA in the blood) compared with 48 weeks of treatment. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions. The length of treatment did not significantly affect the adherence to treatment. In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups. The observed effects can be due to both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance). There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the policy of extending treatment for slow responders.
We found two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the accuracy of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer found to have resectable disease on CT scan. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy in assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic cancers. There was low concerns about applicability for most domains in both studies. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study. The mean probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectables cancer after CT scans had unresectables disease on laparotomy). The summary estimate of sensitivity of EUs for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97) and the summary estimate for specificity for unrectability was 1.80 (95%). The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 and 0.2 respectively. At the mean pre-test probability of 60.0% for people with a positive EUS, the post-test percentage of people with potentially resesectable cancer was 86.9% and the post test percentage of patients with a negative EUS was 20.0%. This means that 13% of people (95/CI 3% to 39%) with positive EUs have potentially resectably cancer and 20% (5% to 53%) of patients (95-CI 5% to 5%) with negative EUs (EUS indicating a negative cancer) have unresectably cancer. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of EUPS in the assessment of the diagnostic accuracy in people who have pancreatic or periampullary cancer. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in people.
This review identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared medical interventions and commercial products with each other or with no treatment. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that topical antibiotics, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, may provide symptomatic relief for blepharyngitis. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic reduction and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blephARitis. Lid hygiene may provide symptomomatic relief in both anterior and posterior blephareitis. The effectiveness of other treatments for blehyngitis, such a topical steroids or oral antibiotics were inconclusive. Despite identifying 34 trials related to treatments for chronic blephritis, there is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blehyningitis. Medical interventions and products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures, such in warm compresses and eyelid washing, to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly.
We found only one study with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP. There is not enough high-quality randomised controlled trials to determine whether photodynamic therapy alters the course of disease or provides an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis. Multicentre randomised trials with appropriate sample sizes and long-term follow-up are required to evaluate if photodynamic therapies are of benefit. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be measured in future trials.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided data on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the reference test was not clear. Eleven studies evaluated accuracy of CE-CDUS. This review demonstrates that both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity. In an endoleak surveillance programme CE- CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive to establish the type of endoleAK and the subsequent therapeutic management. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
We included seven studies, with 766 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. All seven studies reported on low back pain in labour only. Four studies used injections of sterile water, two used subcutaneous injections, and one both. The studies were of good methodological quality, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported treatment group mean or median scores, finding greater reduction in pain for sterile water. However, failure to demonstrate a normal distribution for pain intensity or relief, and use of different scales, meant meta-analysis was inappropriate. No study reported primary dichotomous efficacy outcomes. One reported the number self-scoring 4/10 cm or more of pain; significantly more had this outcome with sterile water (50% to 60%) than with placebo (20% to 25%). There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. Two studies reported that more women treated with saline water would request the same analgesia in future. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with saline. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterilised water to relieve pain in childbirth.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1932 participants in this review. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies compared glue versus sutures for mesh fixation in people with Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain and reduce the risk of recurrence of the hernia in the short-term. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the glue group compared with the suture group. The length of time taken to recover from the operation was similar in the two groups. We also looked at adverse events. We did not find any significant differences between the two types of glue. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all outcomes. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of evidence for the outcomes is moderate. Based on the short term results, glue appears to be a sensible alternative to suture for mesh repair in people having their hernia repaired. Larger trials with longer follow-up and high quality are warranted. The difference between synthetic glue and biological glue should also be assessed in the future.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Providing instructions to authors was associated in one study with improved reporting of ethics requirements and fewer errors on references, but no difference was seen in the quality of abstracts in one randomised trial. Structuring generally improved the overall quality of the abstracts, but increased their length. The reference accuracy studies showed a median citation error rate of 38% and a median quotation error rate (error in quotation) of 20%. Surprisingly few studies have evaluated the effects of technical editing rigorously. However there is some evidence that the 'package of technical edits used by biomedical journals does improve papers. A substantial number of references in biomedical articles are cited or quoted inaccurately.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported results for treatment periods separately. Twelve studies used codeine as a single agent and three combined it with paracetamol. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. There were insufficient data for any pooled analysis. Only two studies reported our preferred responder outcome of 'participants with at least 50% reduction in pain' and two reported 'participant with no worse than mild pain'. Eleven studies reported treatment group mean measures of pain intensity or pain relief; overall for these outcome measures, codeine or codeine plus paracetamic acid was numerically superior to placebo and equivalent to the active comparators. Adverse event reporting was poor: only two studies were able to report the number of participants with any adverse event specified by treatment group and only one was able to describe any serious adverse events. In multiple-dose studies nausea, vomiting and constipation were common, with somnolence and dizziness frequent in the 21-day study. Withdrawal from the studies, where reported, was less than 10% except in two studies. There was no data for children. We identified only a small amount of data in studies that were both randomised and double-blind. Studies were small, of short duration, and most
This review identified 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, who were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression, but the effect on knowledge was small and whether it offers any clinical benefit is uncertain. Caregiver knowledge also showed an improvement, but this improvement was sustained for longer than for caregivers. There were no differences between educational programs on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related morbidity. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs or symptoms leading to self-management. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. The overall risk of bias in the included trials was low, but there were problems with the way the trials were conducted and reported. In addition, there were differences between the trials in terms of setting, inclusion and exclusion criteria, interventional method and time of assessment, which might have affected the results. In summary, this review identified important positive effects of educational interventions on improving patient knowledge and depression in people with sickled cell disease. However, the quality of the evidence was moderate for patient knowledge, moderate for caregiver knowledge and low for depression. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. Significant factors limiting these effects could be trials being under powered as well as attrition rates. Effects were not statistically significant in assessments of secondary outcomes, possibly due to the paucity
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures, and the other five trials included people with focal onset seizures only. All studies were of short duration, and all studies were conducted in adults. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that people taking brivaracetam with other drugs were more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those taking placebo. People taking briaracetam were also more likely than those on placebo to achieve seizure freedom. However, people taking add-on brivar acetam were more than twice as likely to withdraw from treatment because of side effects compared with those taking a placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of seizure frequency, seizure freedom, and side effects. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of participants experiencing one or more side effects, which was not significantly different following treatment with briaractam compared to placebo. It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included people who had generalised epilepsy. None of the studies included children under the age of 16. Consequently, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Future research should focus on investigating the tolerability and efficacy of briaracetam during longer-term follow-up, and should also assess the efficacy and tolerability of brivaractam in managing other types of seizures and its use in other age groups. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias, and four to have unclear risk. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents. Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms (high confidence), presented clearly and simply (moderate confidence) and tailored to their situation (low confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment (moderate certainty). Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them (high certainty). Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions (moderate reliability). Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high reliability). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. Further research, especially in rural and low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen evidence for the findings where we had low or very low confidence. Planners should consider the timing for making vaccination information available to parents, the settings where information is available, and parents' perceptions and experiences of health workers and the information provided.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). Individual psychological therapies were not consistently superior to any other specific approach. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. There was a suggestion in one study that focal psychodynamics might be superior to TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Owing to the risk of bias and limitations of studies, notably small sample sizes, we can draw no specific conclusions about the effects of specific individual psychological therapies for anorexia nervosa in adults or older adolescents. Larger RCTs of longer treatment duration and follow-up are needed.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One trial was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades, and the second trial randomized 271 adults to either siliconeOil or perfluropropane gas. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. In participants with RD associated with PVR, outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy and infusion of silicone oil, perfluoropropane gas, and sulfur hexaurea gas appeared comparable for a broad variety of cases. There were no significant differences between silicone oil and perfluohexyl octane gas in terms of the proportion of participants achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. Although there were no major differences in outcomes between the two agents at two years, there were significantly more favourable outcomes for participants who received silicone oil at both one year and two years. The first two trials did not perform any sample size calculation or power detection. In the third trial, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, heavy silicone oils were not shown to be superior to standard silicone oils. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. All three trials appear to be free of reporting bias. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third study masked outcome assessors. All trials employed adequate methods for random sequence generation and allocation concealment. The trial had a large portion of participants excluded from the final analyses, while the
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The trials compared planned early delivery versus planned late delivery for women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy after 34 weeks' gestation. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. There was a lower risk of composite maternal mortality and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early birth compared with women who received planned late birth. There were no clear differences between groups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. Planned early delivery was associated with a lower rate of HELLP syndrome and severe renal impairment. However, there was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on composite infant mortality or severe illness. There is no clear difference between groups for caesarean section or in the duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby or for the baby. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal deaths and morbidity), moderate (caesareans, duration of stay in hospital after delivery for mother, and duration of time spent in hospital for baby) or low (composed infant mortality and illness). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. Two fairly large, well-designed trials contributed the majority of the evidence. Other studies were at low or unclear risk of bias.
This review included six randomised controlled trials (including 142 participants) comparing prophylactic clotting factor concentrates with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. Two trials compared three-times-a-week treatment with on demand treatment and two trials compared two different prophylectal regimens. The evidence is current to September 2014. The results from these two trials showed that prophelactic administration decreases bleeding and joint bleeds in patients with existing joint damage. Results on the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up were not pooled due to significant heterogeneity. Three of the remaining four studies evaluated hemophiliac A; one showed a statistically significant decrease in frequency of joint bleed with prophilaxis compared to placebo, with a rate difference of 10.73 (95% confidence interval -16.55 to -4.91) bleeds per year. Two studies compared two prophlyactic regimens, failing to demonstrate an advantage of one regimen over the other in terms of bleeding frequency. The fourth study evaluated hemogenilia B and showed fewer joint bleings with weekly (15 IU/kg) versus bi-weekly (7.5 IU/ kg) prophyllaxis, rate difference -3.30 (95- confidence interval 5.50 to -1.10) bleed per year, and non-significant increases in both inhibitor and infectious complications were observed, which occurred more often when using long-term venous access. There is strong evidence from randomised trials and observational trials to confirm the observational evidence that preventive treatment with clotting factors reduces bleeding and related complications in patients who have already had joint damage caused by bleeding.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. In total, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies attempted to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between the intervention groups. This review highlights a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions.
The review authors identified two studies involving 447 RhD negative women. The studies compared the use of either intramuscularly (IM) or intravenously (IV) administration of anti-D to prevent RhD alloimmunization. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There were no women who developed RhD antibodies in either of the studies. The number of included studies and the number of participants were not enough to assess whether there were any differences between the two methods of administration of the drug. One study found that the mean IgG concentrations after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV on day seven) and 19.8 (8.8 ng/ mL IM on day eight). However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. It appears that IM and IV administration of antidiuretic drugs are equally effective. The choice of IM or IV route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences. This review found insufficient information upon which to guide practice due to the limited number of studies, small sample sizes and methodological limitations.
This review included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. Five included studies looked at clopidogrel compared to either aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole or aspirin and aspirin alone. One study compared ticlosporin to placebo and did not show any difference in the risk of death from any cause, vascular mortality or myocardial infarction. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular deaths and myocardia infarct were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticslopazine to placebo. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes participants). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke for ADP receptor antagonists versus other antiplatelet drugs. There were no data available from any of the trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for patients with diabetics, or costs. The available evidence for ADPs in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients separately. Therefore, recommendations for the use of ADP-receptor antagonists for the prevention of CVD in patients are based on available evidence from trials including patients with and without diabetes. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup analyses of patients with both diabetes and no diabetes in trials with combined populations are needed to provide a more robust evidence base to guide clinical management.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, one assessed a six-week treatment and one a three-month treatment. Six trials (151 participants) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's primary outcome measures (quality of life). Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that airways clearance may be easier with non- invasive ventilation and people with cystic fibrosis may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that non-inspective ventilation increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. One trial, evaluating non invasive support for overnight support, reported that one participant could not tolerate an increase in inspiratory positive airway pressure. Two trials (27 participants) compared non-intvasive ventilation with oxygen or room air for overnight ventilatory support. Results for these two trials showed that they measured lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference, and nocturnal transcutaneous carbon dioxide. Due to the small numbers of participants and statistical issues, there were discrepancies in the results between the RevMan and the original trial analyses. No clear differences were found between non in invasive ventilation compared with oxygen and room air except for exercise performance, which significantly improved with non inpatient ventilation compared to room air over six weeks. The effect of NIV on exercise is unclear, and the impact of this therapy on pulmonary exacerbations and disease progression remains unclear. These benefits of non-Invasive ventilation have largely been demonstrated in single treatment session with small number of participants. There is a need for long-term
We searched for studies that compared nocturnal-NIPPV with conventional ventilation in people with COPD. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. These studies involved 245 people with stable COPD who were followed up for at least three months. The evidence is current to September 2014. The mean age of the people in the studies ranged from 65 to 77 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the Netherlands. The average age of people in these studies was between 65 and 77 years and the average duration of the studies was from three months to one year. The results of the review showed that NIPPV at home for at at least at least one month in people who had stable COPC had no consistent effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, lung function, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The included studies did not show significant improvements in blood gases, quality of living or lung function after 12 months of NIPPD. However, the small number of people included in the included studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NIPV in COPD on these outcomes.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women, comparing induction of labour for suspected macrosomia to expectant management. The evidence is current to September 2014. Induction of labour did not appear to alter the rate of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of the labour on the risk of caeesareans or instrumental deliveries. There were no clear differences between groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was also no clear difference between groups in measures of neonatal asphyxia (low blood oxygen levels in the lungs), low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven), low arterial cord blood pH (low-quality information), or low birthweight babies. The induction group had lower mean birthweight, and fewer birth fractures and shoulder dystocia (breach of the shoulder wall). Induction did not seem to increase the risk for bracheal plexis injury, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the induction group. The results of this review suggest that to prevent one fracture it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 women. Inducing labour does not seem safe for women with suspected fetal macroscomia, and many women may be worried unnecessarily. Nevertheless, induction results in a lower birthweight (mean birthweight) and fewer births fractures and fewer babies with a lower shoulder dysts. The unexpected observation in one study of increased perineeal damage, and the plausible, but of uncertain significance, observation of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages
We found 159 randomised clinical trials that randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants to receive either vitamin D or placebo or no treatment. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in 19 trials had vitamin D adequacy (at or above 20 ng/mL). Participants in the remaining 26 trials had insufficient vitamin D to prevent vitamin D insufficiency (less than or equal to the recommended level). Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together (5,920/47,472 (12.5%) vs 6,077/47-814 (12%). Vitamin D2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. A subgroup analysis of trials at high risk of bias suggested that vitamin D2 may even increase mortality, but this finding could be due to random errors. The risk of dying from any cause was reduced by vitamin D3 alone or in four trials (4,153/37,817 (11.0%) compared with 4,340/38,110 (11%). The number of deaths from any causes was reduced in four studies (44,492 participants) and one study (44.927 participants) comparing vitamin D with placebo (4.0% versus 4.1% in the control group). Vitamin 3 combined with calcium increased the risk of nephrolithiasis (a type of kidney disease) in 38 trials (
This review found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can achieve statistically significant weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common with fluoxetsine, tremor, somnolence and sweating with sibutsramine, and palpitations with orlistats. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, were available on other drugs and a significant decrease in weight was noted in three studies of mazindol, one of phenmetrazine, two of phentermine, and one of sertraline. No studies were identified that fit inclusion criteria for pseudoephedrine, ephedra, sertrals, yohimbine, amphetamine or its derivatives, bupropion, topiramate, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, serraline, sestraline and bromocriptine. There is a paucity of data on other medications for weight loss or control in persons with type 2 diabetes.
This review aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of VGB with CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. Five studies involving a total of 734 participants were eligible for inclusion in this review. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extracting aggregate data to synthesise the results as originally planned, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those chosen for this review, and not all participants were included in the analyses. No significant differences were observed between VGB and CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. Compared to CBZ, VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. We concluded that VGB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy and should not be considered a first-line choice. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Future research should focus on investigating the reasons for visual field problems and exploring potential prevention strategies. Moreover, future monotherapy studies of epilepsy should report results according to the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and methodological quality should be improved.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the addition of plerixafor to a G-CSF mobilisation regimen. Two of these trials were completed but did not report any results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both studies the experimental group received G-Cochrane GCSF plus plerizafor and the control group received a GCSI plus placebo. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found no evidence for differences between plerIXafor plus G-CsF and placebo group in terms of survival at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection. The results of the analysed data suggest that additional plerxafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether additional pleixa for affects survival or adverse events. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival. Due to the unpublished RCTs, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. Cones were better than no active treatment, but the confidence intervals were wide. There was little evidence of difference for a subjective cure between cones and PFMT, or between cones plus electrostimulation and electrostimation, but there was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure, and no study looked at costs. Seven of the included trials were of poor quality, and some were of unclear quality. This review shows that weighted vaginal cones are better than either no active treatments, or no treatment, and may be of similar effect to PFMT and electro stimulation. This is not yet clear, as the evidence is from small trials, and the results must be interpreted with caution until larger, high-quality trials that use comparable and relevant outcomes are completed.
This review identified 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that evaluated the effects of interventions to improve anticoagulant control in AF patients. The interventions included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of interventions on TTR in AF participants receiving OAT. More trials are needed to examine the impact on anticoaemia control in patients and the mechanisms by which they are successful. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
The review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, but does not seem to reduce caesarean section rates. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart rate changes is increased, but these may be due to chance. PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries (including sustained release preparations) appear to be as effective as each other, small differences are detected between some outcomes but these differences may be just chance. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain. The majority of trials were at unclear risk of bias for most domains.
This review of five trials, involving 247 infants, found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has similar effects to incubator care with regard to temperature control and weight gain. However, the trials did not show any statistically significant differences in mean body temperature (four trials), though the one trial that reported on episodes of hyperthermia found this to be statistically more common in the cotnurist group. There were no significant differences between the two groups in terms of weight gain during the first week of life. In addition, there was no difference in the number of infants who died prior to hospital discharge. The comparison of the two methods of cot nursing with a heated mattress, which included five trials and a total of 231 infants, produced similar results. Cot-nurists using a heating pad to warm the nursery resulted in significantly smaller weight gain in the newborn nursery during week one compared to the incubator group in one trial involving 38 infants but no significant difference was found for weeks two and three. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further using randomised controlled trials. This is especially the case in developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine teeth as the tooth became stuck in the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time. Individual studies did not find any differences between the techniques. The evidence in this review suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing the displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in the review; however, we considered the evidence to be of low quality, with two of the three included studies being of high risk. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three trials, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The trials were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates. The evidence is current to September 2014. The use of prostaglandsins did not reduce the need for manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion or the time from injection to placental removal. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglanins. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were of low quality and the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation), lower overall mortality and lower mortality in infants with birth weight above 1500 g and lower overall deaths in infants who were born weighing more than 1500 g. Use of CDP was associated with increased risk of pneumothorax (pneumothoracic obstruction). We found no difference in bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as oxygen dependency at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants), as well as no difference at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). In preterm infants with respiratory distress, the application of continuous CDP is associated to reduced respiratory failure and mortality and an increased rate of pneumotherapies. Four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. Two studies compared foam dressings with basic wound contact dressings and found no difference in ulcer healing between the two types of dressings. There was no statistically significant difference in the number of diabetic foot ulcers that healed when foam wound dressings were compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings, and there was no difference when foam dressers were compared to other types of dressing. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. Currently there is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressing is more effective in healing foot ulcer in people with diabetes than any other type of dressing, however all trials in this field are very small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as dressing cost and the wound management properties offered by each dressing type e.g. exudate management.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. The trials showed that surgery is superior to endoscopy in terms of pain relief. Surgical intervention resulted in improved quality of life and improved preservation of exocrine pancreatic function at middle/long-term follow-up (two to five years), but not at long-term (≥ 5 years). No differences were found between the two intervention modalities for major post-interventional complications or mortality. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgery group and 15 in the conservative treatment group. This trial showed that surgical intervention was superior to conservative treatment in terms pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic functions. The trial had methodological limitations, and the number of participants was relatively small. For patients with obstructive chronic pancreatitis and dilated pancreatic duct, this review shows that surgical treatment is better than endoscopic treatment for relieving pain and preserving pancreatic functioning. Morbidity and mortality seem not to differ between these two interventionmodalities, but the small trials identified do not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome.
This review identified only one randomised controlled trial that compared early versus delayed post-operative showering or bathing. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The trial was at a high risk of bias. The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection (SSI). There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of patients who developed SSIs between the two groups (857 patients; RR 0.96; 95% CI 0.62 to 1.48). The proportions of patients with SSIs were 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8% in both groups (n = 442). There is currently no conclusive evidence available from trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus late (delayed) or delayed (early) showering and bathing for the prevention of wound complications, as the results of this trial were imprecise. We recommend that further randomised trials be run.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The trial did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. The evidence is current to September 2015. The RCT did not report side effects in detail, but one prednisoner-treated participant died. The quality of evidence was very low. The study did not show any difference between the two treatments in the number of people who achieved remission, or in the change in disability or impairment after one year. The results of the trial were inconclusive. A second RCT comparing daily standard-dose oral dexamethasone with a high-dose monthly oral dose of the drug in 40 people reported none of the outcomes that we had planned for this review. This trial had a low risk of bias, but the quality of the evidence was limited as it came from a single small study. There was little or no difference in number of participants achieving remission or in disability improvement after 12 weeks of treatment, or change in function after a year. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with high-dose monthly dexametasone, and moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) was probably less common. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral dexnisone compared with no medication, because the only RCT that exists is very low quality. Nevertheless, corticosteroids are commonly used in practice, supported by very low-quality evidence from observational studies. We also know from large non-randomised studies that long-term use causes serious side effects. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote check-up with face-to-face check-ups, and one study compared the two types of check up for oral steroid tapering in severe refractory asthma. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up needed oral corticosteroids for an asthma exacerbation than those who were seen face to-face because the confidence intervals (CIs) were very wide (OR 1.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 7.44; 278 participants; one study; low quality evidence). In one study, 21 people out of 1000 had an asthma flare-up that required oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 out of 100 for the remote checkup group. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the asthma flare up outcomes. There was no difference in asthma control or quality of life between the two groups of people. The larger implementation study that compared two general practice populations demonstrated that offering telephone check -ups and proactively phoning participants increased the number of people with asthma who received a review. However, we do not know whether the additional participants who had the telephone check up subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results. There is insufficient information to rule out differences in efficacy, or to say whether or not remote asthma check-aps are a safe alternative to being seen in person.
This review aimed to assess the effects of exercise therapy on functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity and pain in patients with JIA. The review identified three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 212 participants. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 methodological criteria. The results suggest that the outcome measures all favoured the exercise therapy but none were statistically significant. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the adverse effects of exercising. None of the studies reported negative effects of the exercise therapies. Overall, based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) there was no clinically important or statistically significant evidence that exercise therapy can improve functional ability or quality oflife, exercise capacity or pain. The low number of available RCTs limits the generalisability of the results. The large heterogeneity in outcome measures, as seen in this review, emphasises the need for a standardised assessment or a core set of functional and physical outcome measurements suited for health research to generate evidence about the possible benefits of exercising therapy for patients with arthritis. Although the short-term effects look promising, the long-term effect of exercise therapies remains unclear.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpat patients (i.e. people admitted to the ICU) and outpatient patients, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure) and absent for other outcomes (mortality, length of hospital stay). Analyses show a strong beneficial effect of antibiotics among ICU (inpatients admitted to hospital) patients. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to an ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failure. Results of this trial show a statistically significant difference on mortality and on length of stay in hospital. Evidence of moderate quality does not show that currently used antibiotics significantly reduce the risk of treatment failure among inpatient with severe exacerbations (e.g. for inpatient patients). Few data are available on the effects of antibiotics on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms, and data show no statistically significant increase in the number of adverse events with antibiotics compared to placebo. These inconsistent effects call for research into clinical signs and biomarkers that can help identify patients who would benefit from antibiotics, while sparing antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit and for whom downsides of antibiotics (side effects, costs, and multi-resistance) should be avoided.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) that compared whole grain diets to lower whole grain or refined grain diets. We found no studies that reported on total cardiovascular deaths or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. Overall, we found no difference between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors such as cholesterol. The overall quality of the evidence was low. The included studies were at unclear risk of systematic error (bias) and small sample sizes (random errors) and relatively short-term interventions. There was a need for well-designed, adequately powered trials with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review included 28 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Thirty studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. Three small studies investigated interventions after conservative orthopaedic management. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. There is little evidence for rehabilitation interventions after surgery for ankle fixation and no evidence for stretching, manual therapy or exercise compared to usual care. There were no differences between the types of support or immobilisation used in the different studies. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal treatment compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short term. Five studies investigated different rehabilitation interventions following the immobilation period after either conservative or surgical orthopointed ankle fixation. One found no immobilisation improved ankle dorsiflexion and plantarflexion range of motion compared with cast immobilisation, but another showed using a backslab improved ankle tendon reflexes compared with using a bandage. Five of the studies reported on adverse events, mainly minor, and found a higher rate of minor adverse events in the group receiving a removable type of immobilisation to allow exercise. Because of the potential increased risk of adverse events associated with the use of removable types of immobilisations, the patient's ability to comply with the routine use of a removable device to enable controlled exercise is essential. More clinical trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are required to strengthen current evidence.
This review identified four studies that evaluated interventions to improve adherence to ART. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. Two were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were non-randomised trials. Two interventions, an LPV/r regimen and peer support group therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, yet demonstrated greater viral load suppression compared to control groups, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. A home-based nursing intervention has the potential to improve ART adherence, but more evidence is needed. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes.
This review of five studies (696 participants) found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative pain, based on limited data for at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. There was no difference in numbers of people experiencing any side effects between fenopa-200 mg and placebo. No serious side effects or people withdrawing from the studies due to side effects were reported in these studies.
This review included six randomised controlled trials. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias (risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857 women); two trials included women having surgery for prolapses and two trials used PFMT in addition to surgery versus surgery alone. The largest trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Two out of three trials (involving urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups in favour of PFMT; one trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency of symptoms and less bother with symptoms in the group of women who received PFMT compared to control. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the group in terms stronger muscles. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no change in symptom score change between groups, whilst another found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the pelvic floor muscles of the group receiving PFMT, compared to that of the control. There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of pelvic floor exercises for symptoms and severity. There are no data on prolapse-specific outcomes. Further evidence relating to effectiveness and cost-effectiveness, of different intensities, for
This review of 14 trials (1,724 analysed participants or ears) found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear aural discharge better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics, and non-quinolone antibiotic effects (without steroids) compared to no drug or antiseptic treatment are less clear. Studies were also inconclusive regarding any differences between quinsolone and nonquinolones, although indirect comparisons suggest a benefit of topical quinsolinone antibiotics cannot be ruled out. Further trials should clarify non-equivalent antibiotic effects, assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include further safety assessments, particularly to clarify the risks of ototoxicity and to clarify whether quinolinones may result in fewer adverse events than other topical treatments. Evidence regarding safety was generally weak.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS differentiated schizophrenia from all other diagnoses with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%) and a specificity of 81.4%. In seven studies, the test differentiated people with schizophrenia from non-psychotic mental health disorders with a specificity score of 61.8% (51.7% to 71%) and in sixteen studies, it differentiated people who had schizophrenia from other types of psychosis with a score of 58% (52.3% to 65.3%). The synthesis of old studies of limited quality in this review indicates that FRS correctly identifies 75% to 95% of people with a diagnosis of schizophrenia 75 to 95%. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia, and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Again, with the sensitivity of 60%, reliance on FRS for triage of people who will not be considered to have schizophrenia will not correctly diagnose around 40% of those that specialists will consider to be having schizophrenia. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others may be prematurely discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of the FRS. Empathetic, considerate use of a diagnostic aid - with known limitations - should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. However, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this review, of which 5 were new to this update. All studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 participants in one psychological study. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were of good quality, but some had methodological weaknesses. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. Improvements in objective severity using the SCORAD clinical tool were recorded for all intervention groups when compared with controls. Improvements were seen in objective SCORad scores by age group by age: age 3 months to 7 years, age 8 to 12 years, and age 13 to 18 years. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objective SCORSAD score was better in the intervention group compared with the usual care groups. However, in all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2 for objective SCOSORAD. The results of this review are based on a small number of studies, and the results of these studies are not consistent. The educational studies in both the original review and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and each intervention component of each intervention is not sufficiently well described to allow replication. A relative lack of rigorously designed trials provides limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational and psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic eczema in children. However there is some evidence from included paediatric studies using different educational intervention delivery models (multiprofessional eczEMA interventions and nurse-led clinics) that these may lead to improvements in disease
This review included 14 trials with a total of 7753 participants. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that HBOT was associated with an increased chance of achieving mucosal coverage with osteoradionecrosis (ORN) and reduced the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance that ORN will occur following tooth extractions in an area where radiation is present. There was no evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. There were no data on the use of HBOT to treat other manifestations of LRTI. The trials did not report adverse events. These small trials suggest that for people with LRTIs affecting tissues of the head, neck, anus and rectum, HBOT is associated with improved outcome. HBOTS may be justified for selected participants and tissues. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy. An economic evaluation should be undertaken.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to the use sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two studies on caesarean section, two on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. The use of the blunt needles reduced the risk of glove pneumatic perforations by 46% compared to sharp needles in every six operations. In four studies, surgeons using blunt needles reported fewer self-reported needle stick injuries. Because the force needed for the blunt needle is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was rated by the review authors to be high. There is high quality evidence that the use blunt needles appreciably reduces exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review currently includes seven randomised controlled trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between triffluoperazine and low-head antipsychotics in terms of response to treatment. There was also no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. The quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of the evidence for outcome measures ranged from low to moderate quality, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of trifflunopride versus low-heads.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants in total. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from intragastric tube feeding to oral feeding. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain (MD −1.36, 95% CI −2.44 to −0.29 g/kg/day), and provide some evidence that responsive feeds reduce the time taken for infants to transition from enteral tube to oral feeds (MD 5.53, 95%, CI −6.80 to −4.25 days). The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong evidence that responsiveness feeding affects important outcomes for infants or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists that preterm babies fed in response to feeding and feeding cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included studies. A large, well-designed RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding affects other important outcomes.
This review identified two randomised controlled trials with a total of 161 participants. One randomised trial showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) compared with placebo. However, the second trial showed no significant difference in ABI in participants receiving a multivitamin B supplement (mean ± SEM: 0.7 ± 01) and a multivariable vitamin B supplement compared with a placebo. No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with data from 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study compared the impact of capitation payments with fee-for-service payments. The other study compared capitation with a parallel group design. Both studies were conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The authors reported a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm that was incentivised with a fee- for-service payment. However, the study was conducted in four deprived areas and so the findings may not apply to other countries. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The second study used a parallel-group design undertaken over a three-year period to compare the impact on primary care dentists’ clinical activity. The results showed that capitation paid to dentists resulted in an increase in the number of patients who had their teeth filled and had one or more teeth extracted, but also in a decrease in the amount of time that patients spent in hospital and healthcare costs. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall quality of the evidence to be low/very low for all outcomes.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. We found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (16 trials of 7637 women). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight (14 trials of 5643 women). No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were found in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment and Evaluation) quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweights, and was low for stillbirth or neonate death and birthweight. The evidence for a 14% relative reduction in the number of babies born preterm for zinc compared with placebo was primarily represented by trials involving women of low income and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality. Since the preterm association could well reflect poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in impoverished areas rather than focusing on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation in isolation, should be an urgent priority.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared probiotics with antifungal drugs (drugs that kill bacteria in the gut) or no treatment. We found 10 trials with a total of 1656 participants. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. We did not find any trials that compared the use of probiotics to conventional treatment with other treatments. There is a need for well-designed randomised trials with longer follow-up and larger sample sizes.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries, while four trials were in upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey; and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a lower-middle-income country. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met the criteria for inclusion. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Downgrading of evidence was based on the high risk of bias in six of the seven included trials and a small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes. Treatment of miscarriage with progestogens compared to placebo or no treatment probably reduces the risk of miscarriage, but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if treatment of threatened miscarriage compared to no treatment has any effect on congenital abnormalities, because the evidence for this outcome is very low quality. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogenic drugs are probably effective in the treatment of women with threatened miscarriage but there may have been little to no effect in reducing the number of women having preterm births. The quality of evidence is very-low because of the low number of included trials.
We found five randomised controlled trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic retenopathy; one trial recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinitis pigmentosa. Four of the studies evaluated panretinal photocoage with argon laser, and one study investigated selective photocompression of non-perfusion areas. All studies were at risk of bias because the treatment and control were different and no study attempted to produce a sham treatment. Three of the five studies were considered to be at high risk of attrition bias. At 12 months, there was little difference between eyes that received laser treatment and those allocated to no treatment in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity. Longer term follow-up did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% reduction in loss of vision at five years with laser treatment. Treatment with laser reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic eye disease with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction of progression of disease and a similar reduction in risk of vitreous haemorrhage. None of the included studies reported near vision acuity or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. We judged the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is partly related to reporting of trials conducted many years ago, after which laser phototherapy has become the mainstay of treatment of proliferative diabetes. Future Cochrane Reviews on variations in the laser treatment protocol are planned.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%). The average age of the participants was 65 years. Both trials compared CPAP or NPPV with oxygen therapy. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that CPAP and NPPVs may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation. There was very low quality evidence that the intervention may also reduce ICU length of stay (mean difference (MD) -1.84 days; 95% confidence interval (CI) -3.53 to -0.15). We found no differences for mortality (low quality evidence) and hospital length of stays. There were insufficient data to be certain whether CPAP had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that bilevel NTPV, compared to oxygen therapy, may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The findings of this review indicate that CPap or bilevvel NPPv is an effective and safe intervention for the treatment of adults with respiratory failure. However, based on the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) methodology, we judged the quality of evidence to be low or low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analysis. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). With regard to the primary outcomes, women receiving diazepamate for forceps delivery in one small trial were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective compared with women receiving vinyana-ether. In a further small trial, no significant difference was seen in the number of women judging their pain reduction as effective when diazepram was compared with ketamine. In the trial that compared spinal pain relief to pUDendal (pudendus) nerve block, women were more satisfied with their pain control and were less likely to report severe pain during forceps birth. No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity. In terms of secondary outcomes, diazepapine compared with vinyan-ether, was found to be effective in reducing vomiting. No significant differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). There is not enough evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for the pain relief of forceps deliveries. Neonatal outcomes have largely not been evaluated.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in quality-of-life scores, but the results were not statistically significant. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication use. No serious adverse events were reported, but data on this outcome was limited. We need more RCTs with a large sample size and high methodological and reporting quality to confirm the effects of the practice of yoga for asthma.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data for the reporting of the primary outcome of the review, which was the percentage change in muscle strength score at six months. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as providing very low-quality evidence in relation to our primary outcome measure. None of the trials were adequately powered to detect a treatment effect. Three trials (n = 78) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo, but we were unable to perform meta-analysis because of variations in study analysis and presentation of trial data, with no access to the primary data for re-analysis. Other comparisons were also reported in single trials. Trials of interferon beta-1a and methotrexate provided moderate quality evidence of having no effect on the progression of IBM. A single trial of methotroxate (44 participants) provided moderate- quality evidence that MTX did not arrest or slow disease progression, based on reported percentage changes in manual muscle strength sum scores at 12 months. An open trial of ATG combined with MTX versus MTX provided very low quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy based on percentage change data given. We were not able to draw conclusions from trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, azathioprine (AZA) combined withMTX versusMTX, and arimoclomol (a drug used to treat muscle weakness) because the trials did not allow us to report either normalised or percentage change scores. A complete analysis of the effects of arimoccomol is pending data publication. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab are ongoing. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants in this review. The trials compared linezolid with vancomycin in people with SSTIs caused by MRSA. The evidence is current to August 2014. We found that people treated with linezolol were more likely to be cured of SSTI-related infections than those treated with the older drug, vancoma. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two drugs. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the linezolanol group compared with the vancomaycin group, however, more people reported thrombocytopenia, nausea and nausea when treated by linezolisolid. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those treated by the line zololol group than with the old drug. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral treatment than with intravenous treatment. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezoli. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in China, Japan, and the United States. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The review found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. The authors noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly reduced in the PPw group. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence. The included trials were of poor methodological quality and the results were imprecise.
This review identified six randomised controlled trials of calcium channel blockers in acute traumatic head injury patients. Five of the six trials reported the risk of death, and the other three trials reported death and severe disability as an outcome in this subgroup of patients. Two of the trials reported that the risk was reduced in a sub group of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage, and one trial reported that it was increased in a group of patients with a subaracheal bleed. However, the increased adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be at a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (11%.54%) in the immediate defibrillation group. When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year, we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment, and we have been unable to determine conclusively whether immediate defirinillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrilation have similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. We have also been unable of concluding whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials that met the inclusion criteria. Ten trials involving eight different comparison groups have been included. The review found that there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF. More robust data from good quality RCTs with relevant outcomes are needed.
This review of 53 randomised controlled trials found that family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations in people with schizophrenia. Family intervention also seems to improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. We did not find data to suggest that the family intervention either prevents or promotes suicide. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
We included three randomized controlled trials with 263 participants in this review. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. Most participants were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. We found no clear difference in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty. DEBs showed better outcomes for up-to-24 months for target lesion revascularization and binary restenoticosis. Participants treated with DEBs also showed improvement of one or more Rutherford categories at six and 12 months. Data were insufficient for subgroup or sensitivity analyses to be conducted. The certainty of evidence presented was very low for all outcomes. The included trials were small and of poor quality. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. The evidence is current to August 2014. The trials showed that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities and the time taken for laboratory tests to normalise. Corticosteroid treatment also reduced the duration of fever, time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP)) to return to normal and length of hospital stay. Evidence showed reduced inflammatory marker levels. Evidence was considered high quality for the incidence of serious adverse events, mortality and time for the laboratory parameters to return normal. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the occurrence of heart problems and duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash) due to potential subjectivity in measurement. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. We are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment, may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of coronary heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants, of which four studies involved comparisons of PIP with control groups only. Four studies compared PIP versus another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). Two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. We assessed potential bias (random sequence generation, allocation concealment, incomplete outcome data, selective reporting, blinding of participants and personnel to the outcome assessment, and other bias). Four studies were at low risk of bias in four or more domains (i.e. four studies were conducted in a way that reduced the risk of systematic error). Four of the included studies were funded by a pharmaceutical company. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that PIP is effective in improving parent-child relationship, but there is no evidence that it improves other outcomes (e.g. parental depression, parent-reported levels of depression, and infant attachment change). There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants securely attached at post-intervention; a reduction in the number of infants with an avoidant attachment style; fewer infants with disorganised attachment; and an increase in the percentage of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment. There were no differences between PIP and control in any of the remaining outcomes, or in any other outcomes, for the remaining primary outcomes, i.e., adverse effects, or any adverse changes. The results favoured neither PIP nor control for incidence of parental depression. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This was because of the small number of participants in the studies, and because the studies were not well designed or executed. The included studies also involved relatively few participants and wide confidence intervals (imprecision).
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (with 753 participants) comparing giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, United Kingdom and United States of America. We found one new included study in this updated version. The low quality of evidence showed no significant differences in Apgar scores at one minute and at five minutes between the intervention groups. None of the 11 trials reported maternal desaturation. The very low quality evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation, maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), maternal UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) and UvPO2, a measure of oxygenation of the baby's blood vessels. There was high heterogeneity among these outcomes. The results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results of this review should be treated with caution. Overall, we found no convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to pregnant women in the first stage of labour during an elective cephalic section under anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar score.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six intervention groups in four trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. Reminder packaging resulted in an 11% increase in the percentage pills taken (mean difference (MD) 11% (95% confidence interval (CI) 6% to 17%). Notable heterogeneity occurred among these trials (I2 = 96.3%). Two trials provided information on the proportion of self-reported adherent patients, reporting a reduction in the intervention group which was not statistically significant (odds ratio = 0.89 (CI 0.56 to 1.40)). We conducted meta-analysis on data from two trials assessing the effect of reminder packaging on blood pressure measurements. We found that reminder packaging significantly decreased diastolic blood pressure (MD = 5.89 mmHg (CI -6.70 to -5.09; P < 0.00001) and no change was seen on the blood pressure of patients with systolic (MD -1.02 (CI 2.22 to 0.20; P = 0). We also conducted the same analysis for the change in glycated haemoglobin levels (MD 0.72 (CI 92% CI 0.83 to -0.60). We found no effect on blood sugar, although there was considerable heterogeneity. No data were available for the remaining outcomes, which were vitamin C and E levels, and self- reported symptoms (one trial each). We reported remaining data in the same way in one study. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy. We concluded that reminder packing may represent a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected conditions. Further research is warranted.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative complications. The trimetrazidine group had a significantly shorter hospital stay than control. There was no significant difference in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. Methylprednisolate, methylprednisoleone, and dextrexate may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high risk-bias. However, there is a high risk for type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of systematic errors. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We included 61 studies in this review. The studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The evidence is current to January 2015. The 52 studies evaluating the prevalence of renal dysfunction included 13 different risk factors. The majority of studies reported the occurrence of kidney disease in participants with chronic kidney disease, but some studies also reported the incidence of kidney problems after kidney transplantation. The risk of kidney damage ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of these 52 studies, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) blood pressure, including at least 432 participants, and found it was present in 0% to 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after kidney transplants in participants receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS, found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased blood pressure. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer follow-up period with glomerulular dysfunction. Twenty-two out of 52 studies studied proteinuria, which was present among participants in 3.5% to 84% of those who received treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total TBI. Four non eligible studies found that a higher body mass index increased the risk of hypertension. Three non-qualified studies found a higher risk of high blood pressure after treatment with cisplatin, but did not find any association between the risk factors and the risk factor. One non-valid study investigated risk factors of hypophosphataemia, but found no association. One study investigated low blood phosphate reabsorption, but could not find a link between the two risk factors in this study. The remaining risk factors reported by one eligible study were older age at screening and abdominal radiotherapy. A non-relevant study also
The review of trials found that Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) was effective in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cell disease crisis over a six-month period (low-quality evidence). It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia. No serious adverse effects were reported. The single trial of Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level in the blood. Currently no conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of Ciklavits®. Based on the published results for Nipnisan® and in view of the limitations in data collection and analysis of both trials, phytomedicines may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle blood disease. This needs to be further validated in future trials. More trials are required on the safety and efficacy of phytopharmacological interventions used in managing sickle cells.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1999 participants with HL and a negative PET scan that compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (treatment with radiotherapy only) in individuals with early-stage HL and negative PET scans. The studies were reported as RCTs; blinding was not reported, but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. One study was published in abstract form only; hence, detailed assessment of the risk of bias was not possible. Two trials compared standard therapy with PET adapted therapy. The study design of the third trial was more complex. Participants were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based or standard treatment. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. To date, data have been published for the PET- negative arms only, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials only 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET- positive, or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. One trial reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET- adapteded therapy and two in participants who received standard therapy. Progression-free survival was shorter in participants with treatment with PET (without radiotherapy), and in those receiving standard treatment with chemotherapy. This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy (PET-adaptive therapy) versus radiotherapy, and in people receiving chemotherapy but no radiotherapy versus standard radiotherapy. Short-term adverse events only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. Todate, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM,
We found 31 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different types of birth control pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injections, and vaginal rings. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences from levonorgestrel COC were inconsistent. A meta-analysis of two studies showed the desoggestrel group had a higher mean fasting glucose (MD 0.20; 95% CI 0.00 to 0.41). Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower fasting glucose and higher means for two-hour glucose response and insulin area under the curve (AUC). Three trials examined the etonogestre vaginal ring and one examined an etonoglobulin implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the levonorol-COC group. Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five compared oral contraceptives and three compared injectables. In a COC trial, a group using a depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had higher mean change in glucose two- hour response than a levonORCOC-containing group. In an injectable study, women using nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol had lower means for incremental AUC glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and fasting insulin. Two trials compared extended versus conventional (cyclic) regimens. With a dienogest COC, an extended-use group had greater AUC sugar change in a group with greater mean changes in AUC and fasting glucose.
We included 10 studies in this review. Nine studies (549 participants) showed that exercise can reduce pain and improve physical function in people with symptomatic hip OA. Five of the 10 studies (419 participants) exclusively recruited people with hip or knee OA, and five studies (130 participants) only recruited participants with hip and knee pain. The results of these 10 studies demonstrated that land-based therapeutic exercise programmes can reduce the intensity of pain and increase physical function. The reduction in pain was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment. Pain and physical function were estimated to be 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) in the control group; exercise reduced pain by an equivalent of 8 points (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 11 points; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 6) and improved physical function by a mean of 7 points. Only three small studies (183 participants) evaluated quality of life, with overall low quality evidence, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. Quality of life was estimated as 50 points in the general population in the comparison group. Moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 participants) indicated an increased likelihood of withdrawal from the exercise allocation (event rate 6%) compared with the control groups, but this difference was not significant (risk difference 1%; 95% CI -1% to 4%). Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. None of the studies reported on side effects. The evidence is current to January 2018.
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapies can help to improve activities and participation in daily life activities. No evidence of deleterious effects of exercise therapy was described in included studies. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups.
We found only one randomised clinical trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic) with delayed laparoscopy (four months after diagnosis) for people with biliary cancer. The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants). The trial was at a high risk of bias. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed laparboscopic cholemectomy group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. The proportion of people who developed serious adverse events was 68 participants (28 people in the earlier group and 40 people in delayed group). The other outcomes were available for 28 participants in the laparoscope group and 35 participants in a delayed group. During the waiting period, complications developed in 28 participants (0% of people) in the waiting group and in 35 participants (22.5%). The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema of the gallbladder (a condition in which the gallstones are exposed to the stomach), gallbladders perforation (a hole in the stomach wall), acute cholecyscystitis (inflammation of the liver), cholangitis (a disease of the chorionic gonadotrophins), obstructive jaundice (yellowing of the skin), and recurrent biliary bowel colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred during the delayed group as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours in the late group. This trial did not report quality of life or return to work. There was a statistically significant shorter hospital stay in the later group than in the first
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with a single dose of antibiotics before surgery for people undergoing orthognathic surgery. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that people receiving long term antibiotics probably have less chance of having a stroke compared with those receiving short-term antibiotics. There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short- and long-duration antibiotics compared with a one-time dose. No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate for all outcomes except for SSI, which was assessed as low quality evidence. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of evidence for our outcomes.
We found only one small trial, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important outcome differences between the two policies. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis. The review found that there were no differences in birthweight, ventilation requirements, necrotising enterocolitis (inflammation of the stomach lining) and requirement for repeat surgery between the groups. None of our prepecified maternal secondary outcomes were reported in the included study. We also examined gestational age at birth as a non-prespecified outcome. There was a small mean difference between the intervention group and the spontaneous group (35.8 weeks (SD 0.7) in the elective group and 36.7 (SD 1.5) in spontaneous group. Possible reasons for this may be a trend towards spontaneous preterm births in pregnancies complicated by fetal gastroschaemia. This review is unable to draw any firm conclusions regarding pretermbirth for babies born with stomach problems. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Only one study is included. Further research is needed in this area. The included study was small and the number of women included in the trial was small.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week, in which paracetamol was used to treat cancer pain. All three studies were conducted in the USA. The studies were small and of poor quality, with a total of 122 participants randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. All studies used par acetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). Other drugs used to relieve pain included non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics. We found no studies in children. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with no worse than mild pain at the end of the treatment period; or participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference between paracetamic acid and placebo when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetamyol being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other adverse events and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. Our GRADE assessment of evidence quality was very low for all outcomes, because studies were at high risk of bias from several sources. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of paractamol alone or in combination with opioids for the first two steps of the three-step World Health Organization cancer pain ladder. It is not clear whether any additional analgesic benefit could be detected in the
This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there were not enough data to confidently inform clinical practice. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. All results are vulnerable to considerable bias. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) were the most commonly evaluated drugs. For the outcome of 'no clinically important improvement' astemizole and diphen hydramine were more effective than placebo (asteizole: n=97, 2 RCTs, RR 0.61 CI 0.47 to 0.81 NNT 3 CI 2 to 5; diphenHydramine:n=131, 2RCTs). However, the doses of astemizeole used were those that can cause side effects. Data involving propanheline were heterogeneous (I2= 86.6%), but both studies showed benefit over placebo. Of the other interventions, oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract) showed a benefit over the antimuscarinic doxepin (n=104, 1 RCT). The Chinese medicine suo quo wan (comprises spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) showed benefit compared to doxapin (1 RCT, 70, RR 1.5 to 3.7). There are currently insufficient data to reliably inform clinical care. Well conducted randomised trials are possible. Some may be underway. The limitations of these studies are plentiful and the risk of bias is high. These trials, however, are invaluable guides for current and future study design. Current practice outside of well designed randomised clinical trials should be clearly justified.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 195 participants with MS. Two trials investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three trials investigated expiratory muscle-training with threshold devices; and one trial investigated regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. We pooled and analyzed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expirate muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. Compared to no active control, inspiratory muscles training resulted in no significant difference in maximal inspiratory pressure (mean difference (MD) 6.50 cmH2O, 95% confidence interval (CI) −7.39 to 20.38, P = 0.36, I2 = 0%) or maximal expiratories pressure (MD −8.22 cmH 2O). However, there was a significant benefit on the predicted maximum inspiratory pressures (MD 20.92 cm2O). The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. Due to the low number of studies included, we could not perform cumulative meta-analysis or subgroup analyses. It was not possible to perform a combined analysis for side effects, no serious side effects were mentioned in any of the included trials. Three trials (n=129) compared expirated muscle training versus no active controls or sham training. Under a fixed effect model, meta-analyses failed to show a significant difference between groups with regard to maximal expiral pressure or maximal inspiratories pressure. One trial assessed quality of life, finding no differences between groups. For all predetermined secondary outcomes, such as forced expairatory volume, forced vital capacity and peak flow pooling, we were unable to perform cumulative analyses. However, two trials on inspiratory
This review identified one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication for treating ITP during pregnancy. This trial included 38 women (41 pregnancies) and 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. The trial did not provide any evidence about other medical treatments for ITP. This review found that compared to no medication, there was insufficient evidence to support the use of betametasone for treating intrauterine thrombocytopenia in pregnant women. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal intracranial bleeding were not studied by this RCT. This systematic review also identified the need for well-designed, adequately powered randomised clinical trials for this medical condition during pregnancy, which should test a variety of important maternal, neonatal or both outcome measures. Unless randomised trials provide evidence of a treatment effect and the trade off between potential benefits and harms are established, policy-makers, clinicians, and academics should not use betametsone for treatment of ITP in pregnancy.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus before the operation and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so the results from this study had no impact on the overall results of the review. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. A single case of graft failure in a penetrating keratinoplasty was reported. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. Instances of graft rejection were reported by both groups, in both studies. The majority of these cases were successfully treated with steroids. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK (odds ratio (OR): 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE rating: moderate). Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% CI, suggesting an
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women, in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control. Women had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the time of intervention, and had a reduced risk of iron deficiency compared to control. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Women taking iron had a lower risk of anaemia compared to those receiving control, but this result is based on only one study. Women who took iron were less likely than women who did not to have iron in their blood. Women were also less likely of having a low iron concentration at their end of the intervention. Women on iron were more likely to have abdominal pain, loose stools/diarrhoea and hard stools. Five studies recruiting 521 women identified an increased prevalence of gastrointestinal side effects in women taking iron. Seven studies recruiting 901 women reported on 'any side effect' and did not identify an overall increased prevalence. Five of the studies found an increased risk of abdominal pain among women randomised to iron. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of an increased rate of nausea. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. Daily iron supplementation effectively reduces the prevalence of anaemic and iron deficiency
This review identified five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine over irinotspecine alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment setting study. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 and 4 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed as low to moderate quality. There was no reduction in all-cause mortality in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-free survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy (HR: 0). However, the quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression- free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment.
This review of trials found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests a transversal incision is less painful. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operatively complications and recovery times were similar although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. The analgesia use and the pulmonary compromise may be reduced with a surgical technique but this does not seem to be clinically significant clinically as pulmonary complication rates and recovery time were the same. The likelihood of wound de-healing and rupture appears to be reduced and a transversely incision appears to look better. The methodological and clinical diversity and the potential for bias of the trials mean that the results in favour of a transvertebral incision (particularly with regard to analgesic use) should be treated with caution. The optimal incision for abdominal surgery still remains the preference of the surgeon.
We included a total of nine randomised controlled trials (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. The evidence is current to September 2016. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute LBP, individuals receiving MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days at 12-month follow-up. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms of clinical meaningfulness, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms pain, functional disability, and time away from work. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The included studies were judged as having high risk of bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. Bisphosphoates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression. Bisplatin-like drugs probably reduce the number and severity of bone metastatic disease progression and probably reduce mortality. Bisphalosphonates probably increase the number (and severity) of kidney problems. Bisphasophosphonics probably increase nausea and renal problems. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response between bisphatin-type drugs and control drugs. Bisosphonatin-based drugs probably decrease bone metastasis and disease growth. Bispalosphonatide drugs probably increase kidney problems and increase the risk of nausea. Bispanate drugs probably have no effect on quality of life. Bishanosphonas probably decrease mortality. We observed no clear differences in the number or severity of osteonecrosis of the jaw between groups. Bisplanates probably reduce bone metastasia and disease development. Bisbanates probably have little or no effect in the incidence of bone fractures. We were unable to extract any quantitative data for meta-analysis. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for pain response, mortality, and quality-of-life. We rated the quality as moderate for all other outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in patients with FL. We found five trials with 1093 patients, four trials in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapsed patients. All trials were randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias is uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials and for overall survival (OS) for the remaining two trials. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to a statistically significant PFS advantage in the HDT+ASCT arm. However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage. In the four trials (in previously untreated) there are no statistically significant differences between HDT and control-arm in terms of OS, TRM, secondary acute myeloid leukaemia/myelodysplastic syndromes or solid cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT plus ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). For patients with relapsed FL, there is some evidence (one study, in 70 patients) that HDT is advantageous in terms both PFS and OS. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM or adverse events or secondary cancers. In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT - ASCT compared with chemotherapy and immunotherapy in patients previously untreated with FL,
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of bias within the trials but overall, risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear. Data showed WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments (2 RCTs 0/70 versus 47/70, moderate-quality evidence). WDD is often used as an add-on intervention alongside antipsychotics. However when WDD + antipsychotic was compared to antipsychoid alone, the combination group had better global state (short-term results, 6 RCTS, 684 participants) and mental state and the combination caused fewer adverse effects (short term total endpoint PANSS: 5 RCT, 522 participants). However, there was no effect on weight gain (1 RCT n = 108). When WDD plus low-dose antipsychiotic was compared with normal-dose (5 mg/day) antipsychosis alone, positive effects were found for global and mental health and the combined treatment caused fewer side effects. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of W DD for people with schizophrenia.
We included 12 studies with 799 participants in this review. We found three new studies (228 participants) for this update. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (moderate-quality results). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain between the two types of wire. 3. Conventional NiTi versus conventional NiTi. There are three studies in these groups, but there was not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about whether there was any difference between these two types. 4. Single-strand versus coaxial (single strand) supelerelastic (single strand) NiTi arches. There was only one study (24 participants). There is moderate-quality information from this study that suggests that single-stranded (single-strander) su pelerelactic NiTi can produce greater tooth movement over 12 weeks than arch wires made of single strand (single incandescent). Pain was not measured. 5. Superelastics versus conventional and thermolyelastic (two studies). There were three studies, but we could not combine the results of these two studies. There may be no difference in the rate of tooth alignment or pain between these types of wires. 6. Conventions
This review includes just one study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25- item scale). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items), Verbally Non- Aggressive Beh behaviour (nine items), and Verbally Aggressive Behavior, suchas swearing (three items). Four of the five CMAIs improved in the intervention group. There was no difference in change scores on the Physressive scale (MD −0.08 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −0 to 0.21). Using GRADE guidelines, we rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. We also identified one ongoing study. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research on the effectiveness and safety of this intervention is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared different frequencies of application of topical skin products. The evidence in this review is current up to 28 September 2016. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD (primary outcomes of this review). The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use (low quality evidence). The second trial indicated a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties, might be better than soap (moderate quality evidence) in preventing and treating IAD. Findings from the other trials, all of low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be effective in preventing IAD, and avoiding soap (low to moderate quality evidence), seems to be effective than withholding these products. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for the outcomes of prevention and IAD in adults.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 333 participants in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The type of antiviral, administration route, and treatment duration varied between the trials. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Future studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. There is no evidence of benefit from antiviral treatment in terms of viral shedding, but this effect was not sustained when treatment was stopped. For all other outcomes there was no statistically significant differences between antiviral therapy and control treatment. The majority of included studies had some risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine for the treatment of hyperglycaemia. Insulin glargines were dosed once-daily in the evening. The results showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia between treatment groups. Of randomised patients, 13.6% to 57.2% were injecting insulin detenir twice-daily at the end of trial. Glycaemic control, measured by glycosylated haemoglobin A1c and HbA1c equal to or less than 7% with or without hypoglycemia, did not differ statistically significantly between treatment group. The review found that insulin detamir was associated with less weight gain. Treatment with insulin glargate resulted in a lower daily basal insulin dose and a lower number of injection site reactions. There was no significant difference in the variability of blood glucose values in 24-hour profiles between the two treatment groups and it was not possible to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or mortality. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality oflife and showed no differences between treatment types. Our analyses suggest that there is no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between insulindetemir and insulin gl argine for targeting hyperglycemia. However, to achieve the same glycaemic controls insulin deteemir was often injected twice daily in a higher dose but with less loss of weight gain, while insulinglargine was injected once daily, with somewhat fewer injection sites reactions.
This review of trials found that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of patients with faecal incontinence. However, SNS did not improve symptoms in patients with constipation. Side effects were reported in a percentage of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe incontinent bowel disease in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of faecaecal infraction compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy (mean difference (MD) −5.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.30 (CI −10.34 to −2.26 at 12 months). In addition, adverse events occurred in some patients where these were reported. In the trial by Thin, 15 participants with abdominal pain in the percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) group experienced less episodes of abdominal pain compared with the group of 15 participants in the Tjandro group (MD −3.20 (CI -7.14 to 0.74) at 12-month). Adverse events were reported by three participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain during temporary testing (n = 1); and stimulator-site pain following insertion of neurostimulator (2). In the crossover trial by Leroi, 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to complications or immediate device failure. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the period of stimulation they had preferred. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 participants who preferred the 'on' and five who preferred 'off' period. For the group 19, the median (range) episodes of episodes of incontipation per week fell from 1.7 (0 to 9) during the 'off’ period
The review of trials found that molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or a light-coloured adhesive were more likely to fail than molar bands cemented with glass ionomer cement. However, there were limited data for this outcome and further research is needed to draw more robust conclusions.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible according to the inclusion criteria. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall the quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of bias in the way that the results were interpreted. For primary tumor (T) stage, results were stratified according to depth of invasion of the gastric wall. The meta-analysis of 50 studies (n = 4397) showed that the summary sensitivity and specificity of EUS in discriminating T1 to T2 (superficial) versus T3 to T4 (advanced) gastric carcinomas were 0.86 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 0.90) and 0.89 (CI 0.87 to 093) respectively. For the diagnostic capacity of EU to distinguish T1 (early gastric cancers) versus the T2 stage (muscle-infiltrating) tumors, the meta-analyses of 46 studies (2742) showed the summary accuracy of EUs to be 0.85 (CI 95% CI 0.78 to 1.91) and 1.90 (CI 90% CI 95%CI 95%) respectively. When we addressed the capacity of the EUS to distinguish between T1a (mucosal) and T1b (submucosa) cancers, the Meta-analysis showed that it was 0.83 (CI 83% CI 79% CI 65% CI 67% CI 68% CI 73% CI 70% CI 64% CI 66% CI 44% CI 35% CI 34% CI 36% CI 45% CI 37% CI 41% CI 42% CI 40% CI 46% CI 43% CI 39% CI 38% CI 33% CI 31% CI 28% CI 26% CI 25% CI 24% CI 27% CI 22
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay laparoscopy (n= 253) for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age in the studies varied between 40 and 47 years. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that day-surgical laparoplasties are safe and effective in terms of patient-oriented outcomes such as return to normal activity or earlier return to work. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups. There were no significant differences in quality of life between the groups. No significant difference was seen in the percentage of people requiring hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 (weighted rate 0.5%) versus 5/239 (2.1%) in the overnight stay surgery group) or in the proportion of people who had to be readmitted to hospital (3 trials; 290 participants; 5/136 (3/5%) in each group). No significant differences were seen between the day- and overnight-stay surgery groups regarding pain, time to return to activity, and time to go back to work (1 trial; 74 participants; 2 trials; 2/74 participants). The quality of the evidence for all outcomes except pain was very low. The included trials were at high risk of bias (risk of play of chance) and there were risks of systematic errors (bias) (play of chance). Therefore, we cannot be certain that the results of the trials are reliable. More randomised trials are needed to assess the impact of day- surgical lap
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. We found four studies (1272 participants) that compared high-concentration capsaicins to placebo (a pretend treatment) for chronic pain in adults with postherpetic neuralgia, painful diabetic neuropathy, and painful diabetic nervepathy. The evidence is current to September 2016. High-concourative capsaicine applied to the skin provided moderate or substantial levels of pain relief in more participants with chronic pain than control treatment. The additional proportion of participants who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did obtain high-quality pain relief, there were usually additional improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than with placebo (2.2%). Side effects did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common in the active treatment group than in the control group. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for efficacy outcomes by one to three levels due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to publication bias. The quality of evidence was moderate or very low for all outcomes.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We combined data from 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up), after reassessing the carotids angiograms and outcomes from all three trials using the primary electronic data files, and redefined outcome events where necessary, to achieve comparability. On re-analysis, there were no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis (N = 1746, risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 2.01), had no significant effect in participants (1429, RR 0.93, CI 0.62 to 1.38), was of benefit in people with 50% to 69%, and was highly beneficial in participants 70% to 99%, without the need for a near-occlusion (n = 1095). However, there was no evidence of benefit (N=271, RR 1). We found no benefit in participants without near-OCclusion (high-quality evidence). The evidence was of moderate to high quality.
We included 10 studies, with a total of 864 participants, comparing two different surgical techniques for stoma formation. The participants were adults with a wide range of diseases. The evidence is current to August 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The results of the studies were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or stoma related mortality. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. We found inconsistent results between the two surgical techniques in the included studies. The available evidence does not support or refute the superiority of one of the studied stoma form techniques over the other. The included studies did not report on the incidence or occurrence of other complications related to the stoma, such as stoma prolapse or death. None of the included trials measured quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. In conclusion, there is still a lack of high-quality evidence to support the ideal surgical technique of stoma forming.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) on the effects of supportive therapy compared with standard care for people with schizophrenia. We found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. The evidence is current to May 2014. We did not find any evidence that supportive therapy is better than standard care in terms of reducing relapse, hospitalisation, mental state or improving general functioning. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse, leaving the study early and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no significant differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our primary outcomes of interest. Overall, the evidence was of very low quality. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation and general mental state, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapies but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 participants with cancer pain of moderate or severe severity. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blind and one open-label. None had a placebo only control; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid or opioid combination, and one both. None compared an NSAIDs plus opioid with the same dose of opioid alone. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or one NSAID compared with another NSAID. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised cohort. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). With NSAID, initially moderate or severely pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks in four studies (415 participants in total), with a range of estimates between 26% and 51% in individual studies. Adverse events were not well-defined. Common side effects were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the WHO cancer pain ladder. There is very low to very low evidence that some people with moderate or very severe cancer pain can obtain substantial levels of benefit within one or more weeks.
We found two studies, involving 287 participants, that compared low-molecular-weight heparins with placebo. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group, and additionally at day 4. Thus tinzAParin resulted in more rapid resolution of pain, as measured with a numerical pain scale. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days in favour of the tizaparin treatment group. Participants treated with tinzabarin had statistically significantly fewer hospitalisation days than participants in the group treated with placebo, with a mean difference of -4.98 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tizzaparin groups, and none were reported in the control group. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dalteparin group, with the mean difference at 1.30 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.60 to 1.00). The quality of this study, however, is very low due to serious risk of systematic errors and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Based on the results of two studies comprising 287 participants we conclude that evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-metabolite heparin in people with sickle cell disease. Vaso-occlusive crises are extremely debilitating for sufferers. Therefore well-designed placebo-controlled studies with other types of heparan, and in participants with different genotypes of sickle
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs for the treatment of internal carotid artery dissection. We did not find any completed randomised trials. There were also no randomised studies that directly compared antiplatelets with anticoagenic drugs and the reported non-randomised studies did not show any evidence of a significant difference between the two treatment modalities. There is no evidence to support their routine use for the routine treatment of extracranial carotids.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared silver-containing dressings or topical agents with non-silver dressings. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. Thirteen trials compared topical silver (in a variety of formulations - including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) with other dressings; one trial showed fewer infections with silver nitrate when compared with a non- silver dressing, but three trials showed significantly more infection with SSD than with the non-standard dressing. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver-based dressings (nine dressings in total). Most comparisons (seven) found no significant differences in infection rates. One trial showed significantly fewer infections when silver sulphide cream was compared with non silver dressing. One showed significantly less infections with the silver-coated dressing (Hydron AgSD) compared with SSD, but the remaining five found no evidence of a difference. One study compared two silver- containing dressings, and showed a significantly lower infection rate with silver coated gauze (Acticoat®) than with silver oxide gauze. Six of the trials (nine in total) compared SSD/silver-containing dressing (nine) with nonsilver dressing. Most trials (seven trials) found that there was no significant difference in infection between the two groups, but one trial in a number of wounds found significantly more infections with SSD/hydrocolloid, but another, in acute wounds, found more infections. Only one comparison showed a significant reduction in healing time associated with a silver-coloured hydrofibre dressing in diabetic foot ulcers. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-controlling dressings and topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy (N = 4; odds ratio (OR) monotherapy versus combination 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 1.30), clinical cure, length of stay in intensive care unit (ICU) or adverse events. We downgraded the quality of evidence for death, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin for clinical cure in the clinically evaluable population and there was a statistically significant increase in clinical cure for tigECyclines-cilastsatin. Of importance, this effect was due to one study. We did not find a difference between carbapenems and non-carbapenem therapies for all outcomes, but we found that carbapsenems are associated with a better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. Due to lack of studies, we could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP. We could not identify the best antimicrobial treatment of VAP because there were not enough studies. We assessed the overall quality of the evidence for adverse events to be low. Since studies did not identify patients with increased risk for multidrug-resistant bacteria, these data may not be generalisable to all patient groups.
We found 29 studies investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. The policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased treatment discontinuity and the use on other services without reducing overall drug expenditures (2 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug usage (6 and 2 studies, respectively). Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Implementing restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of selected medications can decrease third-party drug spending without increasing the use other health service use (6). Relaxed reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to publically financed drug benefits for seniors and low income populations, for example), also require explicit measurement.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of one-to-one OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement. Nineteen studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review with data available for a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one to-one oral hygiene with no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. One small study had contradictory results at 3 months and 6 months, the other study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points. The same two studies reported on plaque. There were no differences between the two studies in plaque reduction at any time point. Two of the studies reported dental caries at 6 months and 12 months respectively. One study reported the outcomes of dental car decay at 12 months. None of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes gingvitis, plaque or dental decay (very low quality evidence). Five studies compared some form of self-management with some type of professional oral hygiene. There is little evidence available that any of the interventions demonstrated any difference in the outcomes for gingIVitis or plaque (very, very low quality). None of the other studies measured dental decay. The review concludes that there was not enough evidence to recommend any specific method as being effective in the maintenance of oral health or being more effective than any other. Further high quality trials are required to determine the most effective, most efficient method of OHA in oral health. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
This review of five small trials found that oral steroids provided short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. There were minimal adverse effects reported. The trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial and three trials used different comparators.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between the use of re-TMS and sham r-tMS using the ALSFRS-r scores and manual muscle testing (MMT). Additionally, none of the studies reported any adverse events. There is currently not enough evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of the treatment of ALS. Further studies may be helpful, but their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised trial on people with ALS. The review concludes that, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations and incomplete outcome data, treatment with re-traction muscle stimulators cannot be judged as completely safe.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. No differences in disease control were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisolone (one trial each), for azathioprine plus prednisone compared with prednison alone (one study), for prednisorone plus azithioprine compared with the same dose plus plasma exchange (one) and for tetracycline plus nicotinamide (one), and for mycophenolate mofetil plus prednnisone (two studies) compared with a combination of prednosolone plus tetraciclovir (one). Chinese traditional medicine (traditional Chinese medicine) plus a steroid (clobetasol) was not effective in one trial. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids with a milder regimen in one study. In another trial, clobetsol showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisolate in people with extensive and moderate disease, with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events (RR 1.06, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.12). Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP. Starting doses of steroid tablets greater than 0.75 mg/kg/day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of adverse reactions.
This review of 75 randomised trials, involving 7957 participants, found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, the methodological quality of three trials was high, but the quality of the remaining trials was generally low. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. No serious adverse events from the herbal medicines were reported. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of LNG and other hormonal drugs in preventing pregnancy among women with infrequent intercourse. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 studies), and hormones other than LNG (7 studies). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation rates, side effects, and acceptability. The pooled Pearl Index (a statistical tool used to measure pregnancy rates) for the LNG dose of 5.4 per 100 women-years was 5% (95% confidence interval (CI) 4.1 to 7.0). For the other drugs, 5.0 per 100 woman-years were 5% CI 4.4 to 5.6. The combined Pearl Index for all doses of Lng was 5.2 per 100. Most women liked the pericoital method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety as a primary means of contraception among women who have infrequent sex. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
This review included 15 studies with 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. There was strong evidence of an effect of surgery on this outcome. There is moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is more effective with surgical anchachment than conventional anchachment, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. There were no differences in the length of treatment between surgical and conventional methods for this outcome, and there was no evidence of a difference in overall duration of treatment. Information on patient-reported outcomes such as pain and acceptability was limited and inconclusive. None of the included studies reported harms of surgical or conventional methods of anchoring. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of mesodistal molar movement and reinforcement of the teeth. The overall quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants) comparing statins with placebo or no treatment in people with CKD who did not have CVD at baseline. We were able to combine the results of 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Seven studies (39,820 participants) compared statins to placebo (a pretend treatment) or no intervention. Three studies (5547 participants) looked at two different statin regimens in people who were not yet on dialysis. Statins clearly reduced the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and heart attack in people not requiring dialysis by 20% compared with placebo. Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood. Data for the relative effects of intensive cholesterol lowering in early stages of kidney disease were sparse.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 379 participants. Nine trials evaluated the use of medicines to treat pain in children with cystic fibrosis. The trials included children with cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies were parallel designed RCTs. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) and all of the OI trials evaluated bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five trials. For the two ITB studies for pain in CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo) (mean difference (MD) 4.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.15 to 6.25, respectively). In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing, seizures, and a seizure. The trial investigating pamidine in the CP group did not find evidence of a difference in pain between the intervention group and the control. At follow up in both the ITB and the BoNT trials there was no evidence of any difference between the treatment arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the ITBs studies mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who were given alendroneate. The one study investigating
We searched the medical literature for clinical trials comparing latrepirdine with placebo (a pretend drug) in people with mild to moderate Alzheimer’s disease. We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were involved in analysis of safety and tolerability outcomes. No data were available from the seventh trial. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to selective outcome reporting, three to be of high quality, and three to have high rates of attrition bias. There was low quality evidence showing no effect of the drug on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. However, there was some high quality evidence of a very small benefit of latrepiritine on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoint (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that the drug and placebo were comparable in adverse events, serious adverse events and dropouts due to adverse events. The evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there is no effect on cognition or behaviour in mild or moderate AD patients. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes as of overall low quality. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of this drug on neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD.
We included seven randomised controlled trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke respectively. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stenting, but it may increase death or dependence in participants who have had a stroke who are undergoing intravenous thrombolysis. However, there is considerable uncertainty about these conclusions because of the small number of studies and low quality of the evidence. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment. We included three trials (involving 371 participants) in the analysis of the effects on preventing ischaemia. In people with symptomatic arterial stenosis, recurrent stroke was significantly reduced by RIC. In participants with carotids who had a stent, there was no significant difference in the incidence of ischaecemic stroke between participants treated with RIC and non-RIC. However the stroke severity (assessed by infarct volume) was significantly lower in participants receiving RIC (mean difference (MD) -0.17 mL, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.23 to -0.11; 1 trial, 189 participants). Adverse events were significantly higher in people treated with the RIC compared with non-IC, but no severe adverse events were attributable to RIC treatment. In acute ischaememic stroke, for people receiving intravenous blood clotting treatment, the rate of death or dependency was significantly increased by the rate (MD 10.91; 95% CI 2.01 to 59.28; 3 trials, 371 participants). In people who had acute stroke, there were no significant differences in stroke severity as assessed by the
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found low-quality evidence that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. The use of protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays, higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations, and higher blood albumin concentrations. There is no evidence that the use of extra protein in human milk increases the risk of feeding intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. No data were available about the effects of protein supplements on long-term weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings.
We searched scientific databases for studies that compared PEMs to no intervention. We found 45 relevant studies. The results of this review suggest that when used alone or as part of a multi-faceted intervention, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect of PEM on patient outcomes, and clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known. The effectiveness of the PEM compared to other interventions, or of using a PEM as a component of a multifaceted approach, is uncertain. From the data gathered, we could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness.
This review of 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found that behavioural interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of STI transmission can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. There were no statistically significant effects on abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills (e.g. communication), occasionally supplemented with provision of resources (eg. free sexual health services). They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A total of 5271 references were screened and of these 23 RCTs met the inclusion criteria. Most were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychodynamic therapy with cognitive behavior therapy. Participants receiving brief psycho education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term and medium term, and were also more likely to comply with medication in the long term. Relapse rates were significantly lower amongst participants receiving short-term psychoeducation than in the medium term (n = 406, moderate quality evidence), but not in the longer term. Compliance with follow-up was similar between the two groups in the shortest term (1 study) and medium and long term (4 studies). Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved in the brief psychoeducational group. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in the shorter term (one study) nor in the death rate in either group (2 studies). Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, brief psychoanalysis of any form appears to reduce relapse rates in people with schizophrenia, and to promote medication compliance in people receiving short term psychoeducation. Data from a few individual studies supported that brief psychooperation can improve the long-term global state (n=59, 1 study); i) can improve improved mental state in short term (low quality evidence); ii) can lower the incidence and severity of anxiety and depression; and iii) can reduce the incidence of anxiety or depression. Social function and social disabilities were also better in people who received brief psychooperative interventions compared to those receiving standard care. A brief psychoeducated approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent flare-ups was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk for bias, as it was at risk of selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. The evidence is current to August 2016. Compared to the LABA+LABA arm, the results for the primary outcomes for the LAMA+LAB arm were as follows: exacerbations, serious adverse events (SAE), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the baseline, and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change from baseline. Compared with the LAPA+LABC arm, we found that LAMA has fewer exacerbations and a larger improvement in FEV1, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 units or more of the SGRQ. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. The main limitation of the included studies was the small number of studies and participants, which means that we cannot be certain of the results.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). All studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. All children were discharged from the emergency department, but information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments was not reported. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared the use of heliox to 30% of normal airway pressure (30% of the normal amount of oxygen) with 30%, and found no difference in croup scores at 20 minutes postintervention. There may be no difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate at 60 minutes. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen given one or two doses of adrenaline. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean respiratory rates and mean blood pressure scores at 90 minutes after the intervention, but may have little or no difference overall using repeated measures analysis. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not pool the available data because each comparison included data from only one study. Due to very limited evidence, uncertainty remains about the effectiveness and safety of heloxy.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of many red flags to specifically screen for vertebral fracture in patients presenting for LBP. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. When combinations of red flags were used the performance appeared to improve. It should also be noted that many red flag have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with LBP and further research should focus on appropriate red flag combinations and adequate reporting of both index and reference tests. Overall, the risk of bias of studies was moderate with high risk of selection and verification bias the predominant flaws.
The review of trials found that there were insufficient data to determine which treatment is best for urethral stricture disease in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs. There were also too few data to draw any conclusions about the safety and effectiveness of urethrotomy and urethroplasty.
This review of trials found that daily inhaled corticosteroids (budesonide and beclomethasone) were superior to intermittent ICS in lung function, airway inflammation, asthma control and reliever use in children and adults with persistent asthma. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily, inhaled budesonide (532 children) compared to daily treatment. In children with asthma, there was low quality evidence that intermittent and daily ICS strategies were similarly effective in the use of rescue oral corticostoids and the rate of severe adverse health events. The strength of the evidence means that we cannot currently assume equivalence between the two options. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harms of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term impact of intermittent therapy on lung growth and lung function decline.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with chronic kidney disease stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) that increased fruit and vegetable intake, and two studies of a Mediterranean diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In very-low quality evidence, dietary interventions had uncertain effects on death from any cause or heart attack or stroke. In absolute terms dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding heart attack, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Across all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Adverse events were generally not reported. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels, and dietary interventions lowered systolic and diastolic blood pressure compared to a control diet. The certainty in the evidence for the effects of dietary interventions on death, cardiovascular events and heart attack was low or very low, as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research in the setting of CKD and preliminary evidence of beneficial effects on risks factors for clinical outcomes, large-scale pragmatic RCTs to test the effects on patient outcomes are required.
We found only one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Participants were randomised into three groups: nebulised salbutamol (a steroid medicine), nebused saline and mist in a tent. The results showed a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score in the nebulisation group but not in the mist in the tent or nebusing saline groups. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy for acute bronchioitis in children up to three years old.
We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's disease according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from the baseline. There were no significant benefits from statins in MMSE when we pooled the data (mean benefit -0.32 and 95% CI -0%CI 0.71 to 1.06). Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. There was no difference between statins and placebo (odds ratio 1.09 and 95%, CI 0.58 to 2.06) in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. Analyses from the studies available, including two large randomised controlled trials, indicate that statins have no benefit on the primary outcome measures of ADAS-cog or MMSE. We found no studies assessing role of statin in treatment of VaD.
This review identified four studies involving 149 participants. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no significant differences between wearing a night splander and not wearing one. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of prednosone at 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo, there was no significant difference in ankle range of motion between groups. Increasing the dose to 1.5 mg a day had no effect on ankle range or function. There is no evidence of significant benefit from any of these treatments for increasing the range of range of movement in children with muscular dystomy. Further research is required.
This review of 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and did not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There is clear and important evidence that upright and mobile positions are better than recumbent positions for women in low-risk labour, and women should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any treatment with no treatment or with an active treatment. We found three RCTs, but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required for inclusion in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial that assessed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection, had a low risk of biased results. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow- up. There are no adverse events of the treatment above saline injection. This review was complicated by a lack of generally accepted diagnostic criteria for TOS. There is a need for an agreed definition for the diagnosis, and high quality trials that compare the outcome of treatments with each other.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included in this review. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference (WMD) -1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.29 to -0.85) and function after four week of treatment compared with no treatment. In two trials (63 participants) ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not significantly beneficial. However one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound which was maintained at six months. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Compared to placebo, pooled data for two-week oral steroid treatment demonstrated a significant improvement in symptoms. One trial also showed improvement in function. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In another trial involving 21 people carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved symptom after three weeks compared to no treatment in one trial. In a third trial involving 50 people with diabetes, steroid and insulin injections significantly improved pain over eight weeks. In the fourth trial involving 105 people, ergonomic keyboards were compared with control. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. One trial compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (n = 165) with observation, and the other trial compared dexamethasone intrav itreal implants (n= 290) with sham injections. The two trials enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion, but did not present subgroup data for the CRVO. The evidence is current to August 2018. The results of the two trials were inconclusive. The corticosteroid treatment was not associated with improvement in visual acuity after six months of follow-up in the SCORE trial. However, participants treated with 1 mg or 4 mg intraviton injections were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in vision compared with participants in the observation group. The trial also reported that eyes treated with 3 mg or 5 mg intravenous steroids lost fewer letters than participants in observation at 8 months. The quality of the evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting. We graded the quality of evidence as low because of limitations in the study design and imprecise treatment estimates.
This review identified six randomised controlled trials involving 394 children with moderate to severe nasal obstruction. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The first trial showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo and a larger reduction in mean adenoids/choana ratio than placebo. The second trial demonstrated that the Nasal Obstruction Index decreased by at least 50% from baseline in 38% of patients treated with a single dose (400 mcg daily) of beclometric corticostimulone, whereas none of the other patients had such improvement. The third parallel-group trial showed 77.7% of children treated with mometasone (100 mcg a day) for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in nasal obstruction symptom scores and a decrease in the size of the nasal obstruction, such as a reduction in the adenoidal adenaoid, and this improvement may be associated with a reduction of the size (adenoidectomy) in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of the children treated in the placebo group. The fourth parallel- group trial showed a larger improvement in adenodialysis size than isotonic saline solution (a saline solution that contains no active medication). The fifth parallel-grip trial demonstrated a reduction (in 8 weeks) in nasal obstructive symptoms and adenotic size in 76 children treated by fluticasone compared with normal saline. In contrast, the sixth trial did not find a significant improvement in the symptoms nor in the number of children with nasal obstruction after eight weeks of treatment with a one-week dose of be clomipramine (200 mcg per day). Current evidence suggests that intran asal cortics may significantly improve nasal obstruction in children with mild to moderate nasal obstruction and may reduce the
We found one small randomised controlled trial (involving 24 women). The study was conducted in Mexico and compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of the anti-hypertensives, as well as all the other four drugs. Lumbar epidural blocks were given using 0.25% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour on continuous epidural infusion for six hours. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy), development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious complications (defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema). For the baby, these outcomes were: death: stillbirths (death in utero at or after 20 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (baby deaths plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths within the first 28 days after birth, deaths after the first month of life, preterm birth (birth before 37 completed weeks of pregnancy), preterm births (births before 37 to 37 weeks of gestation); and side effects of the intervention. Reported outcomes The included trial only reported on a single outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. The study also reported a reduction in maternal diastolic arterial pressure. However, the change in maternal mean arterial pressures and syst
We included 16 randomised clinical trials with a total of 927 participants. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. Glucocortics were administered orally or parenterally for a median 28 days (range 3 days to 12 weeks). The trials were at overall high risk of bias. The certainty of evidence was very low for all-cause mortality and health-related quality of life. There was no evidence of effect on the occurrence of serious adverse events during treatment, liver-related mortality up to three months following randomisation, number of participants with any complications up to one month, and non-serious adverse events up to at least three months' follow-up after end of treatment. We are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference between glucococortiosteroids compared with placebo and no intervention on death from any cause, serious side effects, and health quality of the participants' quality-of-life. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events. As the CIs were wide, we could not rule out significant benefits or harms of glucocorts. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled clinical trials, designed according to the SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to CONSORT guidelines. Future trials ought to report depersonalised individual participant data, so that proper individual person-level meta-analyses of the effects of the drugs in subgroups can be conducted.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool studies. Included studies were at a low risk of bias for the majority of domains, with a high/unclear bias identified in the areas of: performance (participants not blinded to allocation), and attrition (incomplete outcome data due to withdrawal) bias. Intervention approaches included the contextual approach of driving simulation and underlying skill development approach, including the retraining of speed of vision, visual processing and visual motor skills. Key results: there was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months (mean difference 15 points on the Test Ride for Investigating Practical Fitness to Drive - Belgian version, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 4.56 to 34.56, P value = 0.15, one study, 83 participants). Secondary outcomes: road sign recognition was better in people who underwent training compared with control. Significant findings were in favour of a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme (based on one study with 73 participants) but these results should be interpreted with caution as they were based on a single study. Adverse effects were not reported. There was insufficient evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. There is not enough evidence to reach conclusions about the use of rehabilitation to improve on- road driving skills after stroke. We found limited evidence that the use a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road signrecognition, that are related to driving. However, we were unable to find any RCTs that evaluated on road driving lessons as an intervention. At present, it is unclear which impair
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). The average age of study participants was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration (10 to 14 days) treatment. Five of the studies used oral corticosteroids (30 mg in four studies, tapered in one), and two studies used intravenous cortics. The studies were at low risk of bias. In four studies we did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure between short- duration and longer duration (three to seven day) corticostimol treatment, which was equivalent to 22 fewer per 1000 for short duration treatment (95% confidence interval (CI) 51 fewer to 34 more). No difference in risk of relapse (a new event) was observed between short duration and long duration (10 days or more) of systemic cortics (9% CI 44 fewer to 51 more). Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferiority and compared five days versus 14 days of long duration of systemic steroid treatment. Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment (measured at the time of treatment) at the start of the study did not change between short and longer courses of systemic steroids. In five studies no difference was found in the likelihood of an adverse event between the short and long courses of steroids. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days of oral
We found one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) and identified three ongoing trials that assess RBC transfusion strategies in people with MDS. The one trial included in this review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality (1 RCT; 13 participants; RR 0.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 2.32; very low quality evidence). The study did not report on: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. There were no anaemia-related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels (no statistics provided). The one RCT included in the review was of low quality. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effectiveness of educational games for health professionals. One study evaluated a game based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The other study compared game-based learning with a traditional case-based approach to stroke prevention and management. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games as a teaching strategy for health professional education. There is a need for high-quality research to explore the impact of educational game-play on patient and performance outcomes.
This review of trials found that there was some evidence that lithium or antidepressants might prevent relapse in people with unipolar affective disorder. However, the evidence was not conclusive. There was not enough evidence to determine whether lithium or antidepressant long-term therapy is better than placebo or no treatment for preventing relapse.
This review of two randomised controlled clinical trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) found that the amifostine has no significant effects on salivary glands in differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Moreover, no health-related quality of life and other patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials. None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health- related quality-of-life or costs.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician’s intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home visits lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics plus once-weekly home-brief sessions for 12 weeks. Because of the different study designs and outcome measures used, we were unable to combine the results from the different studies. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the three studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. One of the third studies found gains for the intervention groups on total-language measures immediately posttreatment. No study reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills, including improvements in social interaction and social interaction with other children, in the group receiving the intervention. In one study, mothers attended seven out of nine group and were present for four home visits. No studies measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children after intervention, and in one study most strategies were maintained in most strategies at 12 months after intervention. None of the studies reported parental stress
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), people who received exercise training may have had a greater exercise capacity. We could not assess the impact of exercise training on health-related quality of life, and the other outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. Due to limited information, trial sequential analysis could not be performed as planned. Our findings suggest that people who receive exercise training compared with no exercise may have a better exercise capacity, but there was a lack of evidence to determine the impact on patient-relevant outcomes, including mortality and quality oflife. We were unable to assess other outcomes. Further high-quality randomised clinical trials are needed in order to assess the effects of exercise programmes on the patient's health and to determine whether exercise-related outcomes are important to patients.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1130 participants) that evaluated the effects of interventions with spiritual or religious components for adults in the terminal phase of a disease. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality oflife. In the multi-disciplinary palliatives care intervention studies there was no significant difference in the quality of the studies between the trial arms. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies. The quality of these studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies. Such interventions are under-evaluated.
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). There was very low quality evidence that tDCS had no effect on change in global UPDRS score (mean difference (MD) -7.10 %, 95% confidence interval (CI -19.18 to 4.97; P = 0.25, I² = 21%, random-effects model). However, there was evidence of an effect on UPDR motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase (MD -14.43%, 95% CI -24.68 to -4.18, P < 0.001, very low-quality evidence). One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesia (time that symptoms are controlled but the person still experiences involuntary muscle movements) but there was no evidence of any effect (MD 0.10 hours; 95% certainty interval -0.12 to 0.12; P < 1.12, very-low quality evidence). We found one study with a combined total of 16 participants examining tDCS plus movement therapy compared to sham tDCS on our secondary outcome, gait speed. There was insufficient evidence that there was any difference in dropouts, adverse effects, or deaths occurring during the intervention period (RD 0.05 m/s; 95 % confidence interval -1.15 to -0.25; P= 0.06, very uncertain). Two trials with 41 participants measured gait using measures of timed gait. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS reduces off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) or on time (time when the person’s symptoms are under control but they are still involuntary) and for improving health-
We included 12 studies (N = 461) in this update of a previous review. We excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. We included four studies from the previous review in this review. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (n = 32). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for LAsB for pain intensity (moderate quality evidence). One small study (n=36) at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one-year follow-up but not at short term follow up (very low quality evidence) of two studies that investigated the addition of local anaesthesia to rehabilitation treatment. Of the two studies reporting pain outcomes, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from local anaesthetics. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatment. One small trial compared ultrasound-guided local anaesthesiography with non-guided LASBs and found no clinically important difference. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. This update's results are similar to the previous versions of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anesthetic sympathetic blockade for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that LASBP is effective for reducing pain in CRPS (low quality evidence), but the
We included 14 trials, including 2488 participants, in this review. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. A combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with Bell’s palsy compared to Corticosteroid alone. The rate of complete recovery was lower in people receiving corticoids alone than in people given antiviral drugs alone, but the evidence is too uncertain for us to draw conclusions. The combination of corticoid and antiviral drugs probably reduced the late sequelae of Bell's palsy when compared with corticostimulants alone. Studies also showed fewer episodes of long-term sequelae in people who were treated with antiviral-treated participants than in those who were given antiviral treatment alone. We found no clear difference in adverse events from the use of antiviral medications compared with either placebo or corticosterone. The overall certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results.
We included two studies, including 97 women, in this review. One study compared LHRH agonists (leuprorelin and treosulfan) to a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfans) and the other study compared decapeptyl to a placebo (a pretend treatment). The studies were conducted in the 1980s and involved women with platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory EOC. The studies lasted between two and 12 months. The evidence is current to January 2015. The results of the two studies were inconclusive. There may be little or no difference between treatment with leuprorerelin or treo-sulfan in overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and one year, respectively (very low-quality evidence). The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treo(s)ulfan than leuporelin. There was no difference in other Grade 3/4 side effects: nausea and vomiting, neurotoxicity and neutropenia (low white blood cell counts). The Currie 1994 study reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks, respectively. No relative effects measures or P value at a particular time point were reported. Overall survival and QoL outcomes were not reported. In addition, adverse events were only mentioned for the decapepticyl treatment group. Adverse events were incompletely reported (no adverse events in decapptyl group, but not reported for the placebo group). Based on this review of two small RCTs, there is not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of LHRHL agonists in the treatment of platinum-reactive and platinum resistant (relapsed) EOC in comparison with placebo. Overall,
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxaemic respiratory failure. Ten trials compared inhaled nitric oxide versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). Six trials enrolled infants with mild to moderate severity of symptoms and randomised them to immediate iNO treatment or iNO only after deterioration to more severe criteria (Barefield 1996; Day 1996; Sadiq 1998; Cornfield 1999; Konduri 2004; Gonzalez 2010). Ninos 1998 studied only infants with congenital diaphragmatic hernia. One trial compared iNO versus high-frequency ventilation (Kinsella 1997). Six studies enrolled infants who had moderate to severe symptoms of illness and were treated with oxygen (oxygenation index (OI) or alveolar-arterial oxygen difference (A-aDO2)) and compared the treatment with iNO after two hours. This trial enrolled both preterm and term infants but reported most results separately for the two groups. This study enrolled both infants with and without a diaphrasmatic (a narrowing of the airway) hernia and found that iNO reduced the incidence of death or use of ECMO. Oxygenation was improved in approximately 50% of infants receiving iNO. The OI was decreased by a mean of 15.1 within 30 to 60 minutes after the start of therapy, and partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) was increased by an average of 53 mmHg. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) did not appear to affect response to iNO (moderate-quality evidence). Infants who received iNO at less
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of lumbar supports for the treatment of low-back pain in adults. The review includes 15 studies with a total of 14,437 people. The evidence is current to May 2013. The studies were of moderate quality. There was moderate evidence that lumbaregals are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if lumbarategals provide more effective treatment for people with low back pain than no treatment or training. It remains unclear whether lumbarb supports are more effective compared to no treatment, or other interventions. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness and safety of these interventions. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of support. The methodological quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the different types of CVCs that were being assessed having different appearances. Overall, we found that antimicrobial-impregnated CVC systems reduce the occurrence of catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI) and catheter colonization (NNTB). However, the magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to the setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. There was no significant difference between the impregnated and the non-imregnated groups in the rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. The magnitude of the effects was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of antimicrobial CVCS across all settings. Further randomized controlled trials should include important clinical outcomes like the overall rates of sepsis and mortality.
We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient or macronutrients supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening interventions targeting children (two studies). Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. There were no dietary intervention studies. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate risk of biased. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The main review outcomes were available from seven studies for LFA/HFA, four for LBW, and nine for length. There was no evidence of an effect on LBW (moderate-certainty evidence), or no evidence or unclear effect on length (low- to moderate-certainties evidence). The evidence was inconclusive on HFA, with very low- to low-quality evidence, and inconclusive results on length at 18 months, and on education interventions (low to moderate certainty evidence). There was a positive impact on length of education interventions in women with LBW of education (low quality evidence) and a positive influence on length in children with education (very low quality evidence). All the nutritional interventions reviewed had the potential to decrease stunting, based on evidence from outside of slum contexts; however, there
This review identified 12 randomised controlled trials (1023 participants) that compared foam dressings with other wound dressing treatments for venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in healing outcomes between hydrocellular foam dressens and polyurethane foam dressers (three trials), and no significant difference between foam and hydrocolloid dressings (five trials) in the proportion of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks. No significant difference was found between foam dressins and paraffin gauze (two trials), hydrocapillary dressing (one trial), knitted viscose dressing (1 trial), and protease modulating matrix (one study). No significant differences were found in the percentage of participants experiencing adverse events when foam dressages were compared with polyurethethane dressings, or when foam was compared with other dressings. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted RCTs, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly, before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of foam dressing in the management of venous-leg ulcers, and before any conclusions about the effectiveness of foam dressin treatments can be drawn. No included RCT had an overall low risk of bias.
We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared celecoxib and etoricoxib to placebo in patients with rheumatological manifestations of inflammatory bowel disease. One study (n = 159) compared etorioxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo (a fake drug) in IBD patients with active or inactive ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. The other study (N = 222) compared celeoxib 200 mg twice daily to placebo. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference in exacerbation of IBD between celecoxIB and placebo. After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) in the celecoxb group compared to 19% (15/77) in placebo group. A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events). There was also no statistically important difference in the exacerbation or adverse events of ulceration of the disease between the two groups. The results for disease exacerbation and adverse events between the COX-2 inhibitors celecoxbot and etoroxib and placebo were uncertain. The proportion of patients who experienced AEs was similar in the two celecoxobacteria and placebo groups (21% and 17%, respectively, P > 0.20). No patients in either group died or experienced serious adverse events. No patients experienced any cardiovascular side effects. GI AEs included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No side effects were reported for rofecoxib, valdecoxib or lumiracoxib. No adverse events were reported. The quality of evidence for the outcomes of disease exacerb
We found 22 trials that included a total of over 2310 people with diabetic foot ulcers. The trials were mostly small and had short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). Six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included people with both infected ulcers and uninfected ulcers; two trials included people who had not been infected; and the remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. Included studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine), and growth factor. We performed the following five comparisons based on the included studies: Antimicrobial dressages compared with non-antimicrobial dressingings: Pooled data from five trials with a combined total of 945 participants suggest that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a dressing without antimicrobial treatment. These results correspond to an additional 119 healing events in the antimicrobial-dressing arm (95% confidence interval (CI) 51 to 191 more). We consider this low-certainty evidence (downgraded twice due to risk of bias). The evidence on adverse events or other outcomes was uncertain (very low certainty). Topical antimicrobials compared with systemic antibiotics: We included four studies with 937 participants. These studies reported no wound-healing data, and the evidence was uncertain for the relative effects on resolution of infection and surgical resection. We are uncertain about the effects of topical antimicroicrobial treatments for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of wound infection, surgical resections, and adverse events. The evidence was generally of low or very low certainty. The 95% confidence intervals for the outcomes of proportion of wounds healed, achieving resolution of the infection
We searched for studies that compared zinc supplementation with placebo or no supplementation in children with pneumonia. We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the prevalence of pneumonia 41% in children aged between one month and 12 years. On the other hand, zinc supplementation did not reduce the occurrence of pneumonia defined by specific clinical criteria (i.e. age-specific fast breathing with or without lower chest indrawing) by 21%. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review of 10 studies including 33,179 participants found that, despite its benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses, vitamin A supplementation has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTIs. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of vitamin A for prevention of acute LUTIs. Vitamin A should therefore not be given to all children to prevent acute LITIs. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose of vitamin C.
This review of trials found that theophylline improves lung function in people with moderate to severe COPD, but the benefit is modest and may be due to the fact that most of the people recruited to the trials were already well-tolerated to the drug. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to be theophyelline tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of these studies.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapy 249; control intervention 190), aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. Key results The evidence is current to September 2015. Oral immunotherapy for egg allergy increases the amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events, and leads to a complete recovery from egg allergy. Most children (82%) of the children in the treatment group were able to eat a full serving of egg compared to 10% of the control group. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent, with 75% of children presenting mild-to severe adverse events during oral treatment, compared to 6.8% of those in the control groups. Of note, seven studies used a diet that avoided eating eggs. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. We found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up oral immunotherapies. It appears that giving oral immuneotherapy for people who are allergic to egg is effective, but confidence in the trade-off between benefits and harms is low, because there was a small number of trials with few participants, and methodological problems with some trials. Eight included studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Furthermore, the quality of evidence was judged as low due to small numbers of participants and events and possible biases. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the trials.
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment (very low quality evidence). No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. Participants who underwent ILR implantation experienced higher rates of diagnosis (moderate quality evidence), as compared with participants in the standard assessment group, with no evidence of heterogeneity. No data on short term deaths were available. Two studies reported data on adverse events after the implant. Due to the lack of data on side effects in one of the studies' arms, a formal meta-analysis was not performed for this outcome. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. These studies compared surgery and aspiration and sclerotherapy (155 patients with 159 hydrocele) with surgery and surgery alone (120 patients with 123 hydrocely). All studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants) however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. This could be due to the agent used in the study or because it is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. When this study was removed from the analysis the result was significant (in favour of surgery) (2 studies, 136 participants). There was a significant increase in recurrence in patients who received sclerosant agents compared with surgery (three studies, 196 participants). One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the scler therapy group (one study, 60 participants) and there was an increased number of infections in the surgery group (four studies, 275 participants). Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgical group was higher than in the treatment group but because of different measurement tools used in these studies, we could not combine the results. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. There was no significant difference in haematoma formation between the groups (three small studies, 189 participants). Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no difference between the treatment groups. Radiologic cure was also not reported. There is a great need for further rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different type of scleroant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We included one study in this review. The study was conducted in 40 children with tracheomalacia and respiratory tract infections. We assessed it to be of overall low risk of bias. We found no significant difference between the two groups for the proportion of children who were cough-free at two weeks. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group. The average change in daytime cough diary score from baseline was also better in the control group compared to the nebuliser group, but the difference between groups was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) favoured placebo over nebulising rhDNase but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic trachealacia. It remains inconclusive whether the use of nebulisation of the airway in children who have a respiratory infection worsens recovery. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically-based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with the condition. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these RCTS should include measurements of the trachea and physiological outcomes in addition to clinical outcomes.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants in this review. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Five studies compared the psychological therapy with usual care or a waiting list. Five of the studies compared psychological therapy to enhanced or structured care. Only one study compared cognitive behaviour therapy with behaviour therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. Most participants had chronic symptoms at the start of the study. The average number of sessions in the studies ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. The duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most participants had symptoms at baseline. Eleven studies (52% of studies) reported a loss to follow up of more than 20%. For other items, most studies were at low risk of bias. Adverse events were seldom reported. For all studies comparing psychological therapy versus usual care, CBT resulted in less severe symptoms at end of treatment (10 studies, 1081 analysed participants). This effect was considered small to medium; heterogeneity was moderate and overall quality of the evidence was low. Compared with enhanced care, psychological therapies generally were not more effective for most of the outcomes. Five trials (679 participants) showed that psychological therapies were somewhat less acceptable in terms of drop-outs than enhanced care. When all psychological therapies included this review were combined they were superior to usual care and waiting list conditions in reducing symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all studies included participants who were willing to receive psychological treatment. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this updated review. We were able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our inclusive analysis. Evidence synthesis of seven RCTs favoured epidural anaesthesia in preventing PPP after thoracotomy, suggesting the odds of having PPP three to 18 months following an epidural for thoracectomy were 0.52 compared to not having epidural (moderate-quality evidence). Simlarly, evidence synthesis of 18 studies favoured regional anaesthetic for preventing persistent pain three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery. Pooling data at three to 8 months after caesarean section from four studies favoured the use of intravenous infusion of local anaesthetics for the prevent of PP three to six months after the operation. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. We conclude that there is moderate quality evidence that there may be a reduction in the risk of developing PPP up to three to four months after thoracolectomy and three to one year after a vaginal birth. There is moderate-quality information that intravenous infusions of local anesthetics may prevent PPP in breast cancer patients up to one to two years after surgery. We did not find any evidence for the risk-benefit profile of paravertebral block. The quality of the evidence was low for the other surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019.
This review of 28 randomised controlled trials (1742 participants) found that second-generation antipsychotics, mood stabilisers, and omega-3 fatty acids have some beneficial effects on BPD symptoms. However, these results are based on single studies and need to be replicated. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram parameters with olanzapine. A significant decrease in body weight was observed with topiramate treatment. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition. The available evidence indicates some beneficial effect with second- generation antipsychotic, mood-stabilising drugs, and dietary supplementation by omega 3 fatty acids, but these findings are mostly from single study effect estimates. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. No promising results are available for the core symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations of the RCT evidence that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings (among others, patients' characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods).
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Of these, two trials were added for this update (one parallel group RCT with 40 participants and one cross over trial with 67 participants). We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic), compared to no washout, has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. Four trials compared different types of washout solution; saline versus acidic solutions (2 trials); saline versus acid solution (1 trial); and saline versus antimicrobial solution (one trial). The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts were beneficial or harmful. The high risk of bias of the included studies resulted in the evidence being graded as low or very low quality. Data from seven trials that compared different washout policies were limited, and generally, of poor methodological quality or were poorly reported. The evidence from these seven trials was not sufficient to determine whether washouts are beneficial or not. Further rigorous, high quality trials that are adequately powered to detect benefits from washout being performed as opposed to washout are needed. Trials comparing different washouts, washout volumes, and frequencies or timings are also needed.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies to the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and therefore could not pool results, so we present them descriptively. Eighteen of the 18 studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors), the prevalence rates ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in a group of 12 studies including 13,952 survivors, the prevalence ranged from 4.4% to 60.7%, and in a sub group of 18 studies including participants aged 16 and over (13,952 participants) the prevalence was 4.8% to 35.9%. In seven studies (1907 survivors) survivors of haematological cancer were presented in seven studies and ranged from 1.8%, 1.9%, and 2.2% respectively. In two studies (252 survivors) the frequency of severe tiredness was 14.6% and 21.1%, respectively. One study presented a prevalence for bone cancer survivors of 0.0% (17 survivors). Four studies provided prevalence rates of moderate to severe fatigue in control groups of siblings or population-based controls, which were 3.1% to 10.3%. In these four studies, survivors were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was statistically significant in only two studies. Studies assessing risk and associated factors for fatigue were heterogeneous, and definitions of the factors under study were often inconsistent. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs (number of studies = 16, odds ratio (OR) 0.28, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.20 to 0.38) and total mortality (17 studies = 17, OR 0.75, CI 0.65 to 087) in the treated group. There were no significant differences in RTIs or death rates between the two groups in trials comparing topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic antibiotics) but not in total mortality. In the trials comparing the use of topical antibiotics alone, the number of studies was reduced by a significant proportion (17, OR 1.44, CI 1.31 to 1.63) but there was no reduction in the total number of deaths. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
This review identified five randomised controlled studies that investigated the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. Overall, methodological quality of studies was low. The studies revealed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in the group dwelling unit found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased significantly in the control group. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness and safety of educational programmes targeting nursing care staff for reducing or preventing the use or the prevention of physical restraint use in elderly people in long term care.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid administration during IVF/ICSI cycles (up to the day of oocyte retrieval) with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment. The trials included a total of 416 women. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310) women. For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. One of the two studies gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate (2 RCTs, 212 women). Our findings suggest that if the chance of a live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate. There were also insufficient data to determine if there was a difference between groups in multiple-pregnancy rate or miscarriage rate (1 RCT, 20 women). Neither of the included studies reported OHSS or side-effects. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorts administration in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF and ICSI cycles until the day after oocyte extraction is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. Whilst glucococortics possibly increase the clinical pregnancies rate, there may be little or no impact on live birth rates. More research is needed.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo, standard dose rhGH and high-dose rGH. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high dose levels (low-quality evidence, limited by inconsistency across the trials, small number of participants and short duration of therapy). The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels. There is some evidence indicating a change in the level of fasting blood glucose, but it did not cross the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes in the trials of short duration (low quality evidence). There is low- to very low-quality information for improvement of pulmonary exacerbations with no further significant adverse effects, but this is limited by the short duration and the small numbers of participants. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality of life. There was limited evidence from three trials in improvements in exercise capacity. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. The significant change in blood glucose levels, although not causing diabetes, emphasizes the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to CF-related diabetes. No significant changes in quality-of-life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in the review due to the small size of the included trials. Long-term, well-designed randomised controlled trials of rhGH in individuals with CF are required prior to routine use of rGH in CF.
We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to the agent (e.g. by reducing the amount of the agent in the airways) to either continuing exposure or reducing exposure. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that reducing exposure may improve symptoms and lung function compared to continued exposure. It also found that reduction of exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared to continuing exposure. Reduction of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agents, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs. For continued exposure, 56 per 1000 workers reported absence of asthma symptoms at follow-up, and the decrease in forced expiratory volume in one second as a percentage of a reference value (FEV1 %) was 5.4% during follow up. The change in non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity (NSBH) was -0.18. In 18 studies, authors compared removal from exposure to continued access to the agents. Removal from exposure may result in an improvement in symptoms and a decrease in the risk of asthma attacks. In seven studies, we found that reduced exposure may be better than continued exposure for reducing symptoms and improving lung function. No studies reported or enabled calculation of change in NSBH. In ten studies, researchers compared removal of exposure to reducing exposure, and found that following removal from the exposure there may be no increase in the likelihood for reporting absence or improvement in asthma attacks, as well as no considerable change in FEV1%. However, with all three outcomes, there may have improved results for removal of the exposure in the subset of patients exposed to low molecular weight agents. In two studies, studies reported that workers who were removed from exposure had an increased risk of unemployment. Four studies reported a decrease of 20% to 50% in income
This review included six trials with 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. The average age of participants ranged from 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. The evidence is current to August 2014. There was low quality evidence that on- demand use of PPI may increase the risk of 'lack of symptom control' compared with continuous PPI use, and there was also evidence that there was a reduction in 'drug burden', measured as PPI pill use per week, with on demand therapy. However, there was moderate quality evidence of a reduction of the number of participants who used PPI pills per week. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding the long-term benefits and harms of stopping PPI for people with mild gastroenteritis. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants). These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care. People’s mental state results were better in the group receiving social skill programmes. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills. Quality of life was also improved in the Social skills programme compared to the standard care group. However, when social skills programs were compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills can improve social functioning of people in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared pegloticase with placebo (a pretend drug) for the management of tophi in people with gout. This study included 225 participants with tophi at baseline. The participants were randomised to one of three treatment groups: peglopicase infusion every two weeks (biweekly), monthly peglacticase infusion (pegloticases given alternating with a placebo infusion) and placebo. The results of the study showed that biweekly (two times a week) and monthly (one twice a week, alternating with placebo) peglotics reduced tophi, but increased withdrawals due to adverse events in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. The study also showed that pegaloticase administered biweekly resulted in more participants withdrawing from the study due to side effects than placebo. Pegloticase administration monthly resulted in fewer participants withdrawing due to serious side effects. Most withdrawals were due to infusion reactions. As 80% of side effects were due mainly to flare-ups of gout, probably unrelated to the drug treatment per se, this may explain the high rate of adverse events seen in the placebo group - who were essentially untreated. This review showed that, compared with placebo, peglotase is probably beneficial in the treatment of tophospholipid in gout but with a high risk of adverse infusion reactions, but there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgical removal of tophytic tophi.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC of which three studies met the inclusion criteria. The review of these studies found that oral administration of IgG or an IgG/IgA combination did not result in a significant reduction in the incidence of NEC, need for surgery or death from NEC. Based on the available trials, the evidence does not support the administration of oral IgA alone for preventing NEC.
The review of trials found that postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the risk of developing a metastasis, could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. Our synthesis showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet (high confidence). Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number (moderate confidence). Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be problems. Clients dealing with HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality (high quality evidence). Clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages (moderate quality evidence), and asking clients' views about who sent the digital health communication (moderate confident evidence). For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables. Our matrix shows that many of the trials assessing these types and programmes did not try to address the problems we identified, although this
This review of 23 trials involving 2467 people found no clinical difference between methadone and any other pharmacological treatment in terms of completion of treatment, number of participants abstinent at follow-up, degree of discomfort for withdrawal symptoms and adverse events, although it was impossible to pool data for the last two outcomes. The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar in overall effectiveness, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. Data from literature are hardly comparable; programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of meta-analysis. The studies included in this review confirm that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity. Nevertheless, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin use.
This review of nine randomised controlled trials found that heavy sedation is more intense but less prolonged than withdrawal managed with reducing doses of methadone, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established significantly more quickly with antagonist-induced withdrawal than withdrawal with clonidine and symptomatic medications. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. There were no differences in the number of deaths or serious adverse events between the two groups. The high cost of the anaesthesia-based approaches, both in monetary terms and use of scarce intensive care resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be pursued.
This review included fourteen studies that compared the effectiveness of the intramuscular preparation of molindone with placebo (a pretend medication) or with other typical antipsychotics. The studies lasted from 10 days to three months. We found no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between the two groups of antipsychotic drugs in terms of movement disorders, but it did cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting. There is no evidence to suggest that it may have an atypical profile.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone cream, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), and combination therapies, as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed. The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging.
This review included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1319 participants. All studies were a minimum of one year long. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure and those undergoing surgery for the first time receiving regular-dose 5-FU postoperative injections (RR 0.67, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.51 to 0.88). This translates to a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome of 4.1 for the high-risk of failure patients, and 5.0 for primary trabculectom patients receiving postoperative 5.FU. No surgical failures were detected in studies assessing combined surgery. No difference was detected for the low-dose postoperative injection group in patients undergoing primary trABECulectoma. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in the primary-trabeculothoracic group receiving intraoperative and regular dose postoperative doses of 5.5-FU and no significant change occurred in the combined surgery group receiving regular dose 5.05-FU. Intranasal pressure was reduced in both groups receiving intraoperatively and postoperatively 5.15-FU injections. No evidence was found of an increased risk of serious sight-threatening complications, but other complications are more common after 5-UF injections. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care. The quality of the evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low- dose postoperations was found to be of very low quality. The combined surgery subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the low dose postopients because of the small number of participants and the high risks of bias of the only contributing study. Postoperative injections of 5FU are now rarely used as part of routine packages of postoperative care but
The review of trials found that long-term use of inhaled steroids did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients, although one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. There was no statistically significant effect on mortality. Longer use of ICS reduced the mean rate of exacerbations in those studies where pooling of data was possible (generic inverse variance analysis: MD -0.26 exacerbations per patient per year, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to -1.14, 2586 participants). There was a reduction in the mean number of flare-ups (0.19 per year) and a reduction (5.80 mL/year) in FEV1 with ICS compared to placebo. There were no significant differences in the rate for bronchodilator reversibility or bronchial hyper-responsiveness. There is an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness. In the long term studies, pneumonia was more common in the ICS group compared to the placebo group in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event (OR 1.56). The results of the long studies that measured bone effects generally showed no major effect on fractures and bone mineral density over three years.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) in this review. They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is current to September 2014. NSAIDs appeared to be more effective for pain relief than placebo (35 trials, 53 women). This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. However, NSAIDs were associated with more adverse effects (overall adverse effects: 25 trials, 25 women; gastrointestinal, neurological, and neurological adverse effects; and side effects: seven trials, seven women; low quality evidence). NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment for dysmenorrhoea, though women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk of adverse effects. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmen orrhoeas. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%), a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. The quality of the evidence was low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low levels PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that high levels of ventilation did not reduce the risk of death before hospital discharge. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the two groups. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels PEP. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity. We identified seven studies, which were of high quality. We assessed the quality of the evidence as high for the main outcome of death occurring before discharge from hospital, and low quality for the other outcomes. The main analysis of the data showed that high-level PEEP did not result in fewer deaths before discharge. The data also show that the high level of ventilation produced no significant differences in the risk for barotrauma, but rather improved oxygenation to the first, third, and seventh days.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from this review due to concerns about the integrity of data and six studies lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria. Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for renal replacement therapy (RRT) in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies and the number with author-defined kidney failure. The risk of AKI based on RIFle-F (failure) criteria also showed an increased risk of kidney failure in individuals receiving HES products compared to non-sepsis treated individuals. However, the risk of renal failure based on urine output and creatinne based risk-related outcomes for AKI was in contrast in favour of HES therapies. The current evidence suggests that all HES product increase the risk in AKI and RRT in all patient populations and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of HHS products. Overall the methodological quality of the studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that Rheam officinare had a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD. However, no significant difference was found between Rheaum officinane and captoprial for any outcome. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rheom officinune. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The evidence was limited and of low quality.
We found 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413 (51%) with dementia). The IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. There was significant heterogeneity in the included studies, including a highly varied prevalence of dementia (10.5% to 87.4%). Across the included papers there was substantial potential for bias, particularly around sampling of included participants and selection criteria, which may limit generalisability. The language of administration did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool. These findings are qualified by the significant heterogeneity, the potential for systematic errors and suboptimal reporting found in the studies.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants in this review. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. There was 'low quality' evidence for mCIMTs improving upper limb motor function and spasticities in chronic stroke survivors with residual voluntary upper limb activity, up to six months, and'very low quality' quality of evidence for dynamic elbow splintings and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. There were no trials investigating the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. No studies addressed interventions in children and those with lower limb spasticsity, or after other focal intramuscular treatments for spasticia. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) and intensurations of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults and children with post-stroke spasticy, in the short and longer term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area.
This review identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. One trial compared combination treatment with lamivudiudine and HBIG versus lamivudaudine only after one month of combination treatment, and a fourth trial compared the combination of lamivudoine and hibiclovir versus a combination of lispro and adefovir dipivoxil after at least 12-month of combined treatment. No clear evidence was found for the use of long-term combination treatment for patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large randomised trials are needed to determine the best treatment for the treatment of patients with HBV.
This review of trials found that suphonylurea with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was some evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at two years was 30% in the SU group compared to 5% in conventional care group) and patients classified as insulin dependent was 64% (SU group and 12.5% (insulin) group). No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide, but insulin maintained stimulated C-peak levels better than SU. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. However, there is no significant evidence for or against other lines of treatment of LADA in this review. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes). Two studies show SU leading to early insulin dependence and a meta-analysis of four studies with considerable heterogeneity showed poorer metabolic control if SU is prescribed for patients with LADA compared to insulin alone. One trial showed that GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide) in certain doses (20 μg) helped to maintain fasting and stimulated levels after five years. One small study showed steady fasting and C- peptide levels in the vitamin D group but declining fasting C/peptic levels (368 to 179 pmol/L) in the insulin alone group at one year.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies (42,784 participants) were included in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. Outcomes at four or more months post-intervention were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained beyond the immediate short term. We have reported pooled effects across delivery modes only for those analyses for which heterogeneity across delivery mode is not substantial (I2 < 50%). The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented was of very low quality. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of the same. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions are effective in preventing dislocation and improving outcomes after THA, or in improving function. There is also insufficient evidence to support or refute the adoption of a postoperative community rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and education compared to conventional rehabilitation strategies based on functional outcomes. Further high-quality trials are warranted to assess the outcomes of different occupational therapy interventions both in the short and longer-term for those who undergo THA for those with hip replacement surgery. An assessment of the impact of such interventions on pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL and instrumental ADL is needed, and also of functional integration-type interventions rather than just hip precautions and restrictions to functional activities.
This review of three randomised controlled trials found that LNG-IUD use reduces the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative use of a LNG/IUD reduces the risk of painful period recurrence. Further well-designed randomised trials are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with a total of 14,867 participants. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (14/24), with adult participants (17/24) and used between-participants designs (19/24). The majority of studies were from high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, we found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s): SMD 1.13 (95% confidence interval (CI) −1.90 to −0.37) (low certainty evidence). For consumption outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from two studies (n = 150) found that consumption of fewer options was reduced, but with considerable uncertainty: SMD 0.55 (95%) (CI −1.27 to 0.18) (very low certainty evidence), and for consumption outcomes only one study with one comparison was identified, which found that food placed farther away resulted in moderate reduction in its consumption: SMd 0.65 (95%), (CI 0.29 to 0.01) (moderate certainty evidence) (high certainty evidence); and for distance from the snack food or drink placed, we looked at 15 comparisons from 12 studies (1098 participants) and found that the distance at which food was placed was reduced by a moderate reduction (low) (CI 1.60 (95%). Meta-regression analyses indicated that this effect was greater: the farther away the product was placed; when only the targeted product(s) was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of bias. The current evidence suggests
This review of trials found that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing HIV seroconversion. However, it is based on limited direct evidence of effect. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug antiretroviral regimens following occupational exposure to HIV, but, due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV-infected individuals, a combination of antirerviral drugs should be used for PEP. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that Pep is not entirely effective in reducing the risk of developing HIV. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, are required.
This review of trials found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately following treatment, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. CBT is effective in altering mood and worsening of symptoms immediately after treatment, when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, with some evidence that this is maintained at six months. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood, but showed an effect on catastrophifying immediately post-treatment. CBCBT but not behaviour therapy has weak effects in improving pain, but only immediately post treatment and when compared to treatment as a waiting list. CBTs have small effects on disability associated with chronic pain, with small effects lasting at least six months, and some maintenance at six-month follow up. There is no need for more general RCTs reporting group mean: rather, different types of studies and analyses are needed to identify which components of CBT work for which type of patient on which outcome/s, and to try to understand why.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in this review. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Ten of the 10 initiatives provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). We graded the quality of the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias of the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. Five of these showed mean decreases in average daily salt intake per person from pre-intervention to post-interventions, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams/ day less (Ireland). Two showed mean increases in salt intake from preintervention (1.66 grams/daily more per person) and Switzerland (0.80 grams more per day more). The remaining initiatives did not show a statistically significant mean change. Of those seven initiatives, four showed a statistically statistically significant average decrease in average salt intake (four from Finland to Ireland, and one from Switzerland to Finland) and one showed an increase in average sodium intake (one from Switzerland, one from Canada to Switzerland). Nine of the 15 initiatives permitted quantitative analysis by sex (men and women separately). For women, three initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, France, United Kingdom) showed a decrease, three (Netherlands, Switzerland, United States) showed no significant change and one (Canada) showed an average increase in sodium intake. Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in mean salt intake occurred by other axes of equity included in the PROGRESS framework (e.g. education, place of residence). We identified no adverse effects of these initiatives. The number of initiatives was not enough to permit other subgroup analyses, including stratification by intervention type, economic status of country and duration (or start year) of the intervention. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples
We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) on treatments for sleep bruxism. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine (one trial), propranolol (one), levodopa (Prolopa®) and tryptophan (one) were compared with placebo. Studies evaluating bromoprofen (one small trial), clonsidine, propranol and levodoprofate reported our primary outcome of motor activity. These were the specific findings for each of the drugs according to specific outcomes: 1. Amitripyline versus placebo for masseteric electromyography (EMG) activity per minute: standardized mean difference (SMD) -0.28 (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.91 to 0.34; P value = 0.37), 2. bromOCriptine versus placebo (MD) -2.60 (94% CI 2.93 to 4.13; P values of 0.60 to 4). 3. clonacid versus placebo: mean difference -2% (95 CI -4.84 to 1.02; MD 1.41) (MD 1.47) for the number of episodes per hour of sleep: MD 1,47 (95CI -3.64 to 1,70), for bruxisms bursts per hour: MD 0.06 (94CI -2,06 to 2.59). L-tryptophan versus placebo; SMD 0.08 (95  CI -0,90 to 1), 6.05 (95 CI  0.90 to
We included 10 randomized controlled trials with a total of 1015 participants in this review. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoside A (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants) with placebo or no intervention. The studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. We are uncertain about the effects of immunonutrition on death from any cause, duration of stay on the ventilator, and oxygenation at day 4. We also are uncertain whether immunonutnutrition with omega-based fatty acids or antioxidants improves the duration of ventilators and ICU stay or oxygenation. We were uncertain whether the use of immunonutrition with omega 3 fatty acids improves the risk of adverse events such as cardiac events, gastrointestinal events, or total adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of participants.
We found 33 studies that compared different methods of eliciting AEs. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with different designs, populations, and methods of questioning. The evidence is current to January 2015. The majority of the studies compared open questions with checklist-type questions or rating scales. Two studies included participant interviews. We found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs being detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between the two methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of the question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. There may be a risk for under-detection of AE events in studies using a general elicitation method compared to those using a comprehensive method. These AEs may be important from a clinical perspective or for patients. This could compromise ability to pool AE data. The impact on the type of the AE detected by different methods is unclear. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. Future studies would be improved by using and reporting clear definitions and terminology for AEs (and other important variables), frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, coded, and tabulated/reported. While the many potential AE endpoints in a trial may preclude the development of general AE
We found 15 studies that assessed the effectiveness of nocturnal supervision for people with epilepsy. Eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP; five studies measured the sensitivity of devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure SUDEP. Two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing SUDEP, and one study is awaiting classification. We found very low-quality evidence of a preventative effect for noonturnal supervision against SUDEP in one study. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls found a protective effect for the presence of a supervising person in the bedroom and when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. This effect was independent of seizure control. We included one case-control study at serious risk of bias within a qualitative analysis in this review. We assessed 17 full-text articles. We excluded 15 studies: eight studies did do not assess intervention to prevent the onset of epilepsy and did not measure risk factors to prevent it. One study is still awaiting classification and will be incorporated into the review when it is completed. We identified 582 records from the databases and searched them for inclusion in the review. Ten records were found by searching other resources. We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract). We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract, and assessed 364 records by handsearching. We searched the titles and abstracts of 17 articles, and found 10 further records (handsearching). We found 10 more records (10 further records by searching) by searching the titles of other resources, and we included them in our review. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We searched for studies that compared autogenic drainage to any other form of airway clearance technique. We found seven studies with 208 people with cystic fibrosis. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst one study had participants who had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. The studies were of variable length and design. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over in design; participant numbers ranged from 17 to 75. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. All seven studies compared the use of autogenic ventilation to one (or more) other recognised airway clearing technique. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. The review's primary outcome, forced expiratory volume in one second, was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies; only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing an active cycle of breathing techniques, but not with autogenic. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak expiral flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. Six out of the included studies reported sputum weight. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic drain was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion. From the studies assessed, autogenic drains were not found to be superior to other forms of airways clearance technique, except when described as the preferred
This review found that psychological therapies based on CBT principles are effective in reducing anxiety symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. However, the body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD, and to inform policy on which psychological therapies are most appropriate.
This review of 12 randomised controlled trials (involving 1,856 women) found that giving progestogen to women with unexplained recurrent miscarriages may reduce the number of miscarriages in subsequent pregnancies. The trials were conducted in India, Jordan, the UK and USA. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there may be a small benefit for women who have had three or more consecutive miscarriages, but the evidence is of moderate quality. There may be little or no difference in the rate of low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to a special care unit. There was probably a slight benefit in live birth rate, but we are uncertain about the effect on preterm birth because the evidence was of very low quality. No clear differences were seen for women receiving progestogens for the other secondary outcomes including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth. There were no clear differences between groups for miscarriage. None of the trials reported on any secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to special care units, or subsequent fertility.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) examined MIB interventions versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. The included trials rarely captured maternal and neonatal outcomes. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at delivery, or low birth weight. However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups compared to control groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test at the start of treatment) in any of the interventions compared to controls. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psychOSocial interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. The results held for both CM and MIB combined. Overall, the quality of evidence was moderate.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term net adverse clinical events (NACE), cardiac death, and myocardial infarction (a type of heart attack). However, the risk of short- and long-term complications were similar between both groups. Transradial approaches had a lower procedural success rate, but was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality, bleeding, and access site complications. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for all outcomes.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because participants were aware of the intervention they were receiving. This and small sample sizes meant that the overall certainty of all the evidence was very low. One study (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a palliation team for people who had been hospitalised for an acute illness. While this trial reported that palliatives care plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group, the plan was only adopted for two participants, both in the group and the control group, while in hospital. The palliate care plan also reported that it was more available on discharge from hospital. We found no evidence that the intervention affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. One cluster study (256 participants, each enrolled with a family carer) evaluated a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options on surrogate decision-makers of nursing home residents with dementia. Data for 90 participants (35% of the original study) met the definition of advanced dementia for this review and were re-analysed for the purposes of the review. In this subset, intervention surrogates had lower scores for decisional conflict measured on the Decisional Conflict Scale and were more likely than participants in a control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician. However, imprecision meant that there was significant uncertainty about both results. Very little high quality work has been completed exploring palliatively care interventions in advanced dementia, and there were only two included studies in this review, with
This review of three well-conducted randomised trials found that different methods of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving a total of 622 participants. The trials were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance and weight training, and the other four trials compared crP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses of crP with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg crP. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low for body weight and low for side effects. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We found 11 studies with a total of 886 participants. These evaluated a range of treatments for wound healing by secondary intention. There was no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small participant numbers and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). The trials were of poor quality and there was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised controlled trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-randomised controlled studies (1181 participants, 8037 live births); two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower-middle and a high-income country (Bangladesh), and three studies in a high income country (Canada). Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. Three studies included maize flour fortified alone or in combination with other nutrients. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination for attrition and contamination. In one non-RCT, wheat flour fortified with foliate and other nutrients was associated with significantly lower occurrence of total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly, compared to unfortified flour. In two non-rCTs, serum folate concentrations were significantly higher among women who consumed flour fortified (folic acid and other minerals) and women who did not consume flour fortified, compared with women who were not fortified. Haemoglobin or anaemia: in a cluster-randomized trial among children, there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on haemoglobin concentrations compared to no intervention. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flour fortification did not have higher erythrocyte folate or plasma folate levels compared to women consuming no intervention, or anaemic women. The certainty of the evidence was low
We found six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 newborns (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The trials were of variable design and measured different outcomes. The results of the trials suggest that screening may improve lung function in newborns with CF. Severe malnutrition was less common among screened participants. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters within normal limits of at least 89% predicted. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were significantly better among screened infants; 33% of screening versus 50% of control participants had Wisconsin chest X-ray (WCXR) scores over five (P = 0.097) and 24% of participants screened versus 45% of those controls had Brasfield chest x-ray scores under 21 (P= 0.042). However, over time, chest radiography scores were worse in the screened group. Results were no longer significant after adjustment for genotype, pancreatic status, and results from Pseudomonas aeruginosa culture. In screened participants, the colonisation with Pseudomaginetobacter species occurred earlier. Nutritional benefits are apparent. Screening seems less expensive than traditional diagnosis. Estimates suggest diagnosis through screening is less expensive.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years, that compared 'lower' versus'standard' blood pressure targets for diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in people with diabetes. Despite achieving a significantly lower BP (119.3/64.4 mmHg vs 133.5/70.5 mmHG) and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant benefit in the group assigned to 'lower’ systolic blood blood pressure target was a reduction in the incidence of stroke. There was a trend towards reduction in total mortality in the 'lower DBP target group, mainly due to a trend to lower non-cardiovascular mortality. There was no difference in stroke, myocardial infarction or congestive heart failure. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse events were not reported in any of the trials. A sensitivity analysis of trials comparing DBP targets lower than 80 mm Hg (as suggested in clinical guidelines) versus < 90 mm HG showed similar results. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes, mainly because of the small number of trials and participants and the high risk of selection bias.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in healing plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
This review identified five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the effects of cognitive training, meditation and physical activity interventions on cognitive function in people with cancer. The evidence is current to May 2015. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions (n = 100), two of compensatory strategy training interventions, one of meditation and one of physical activity intervention (n=19) were identified. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Data for our primary outcome of interest, cognitive function, were not amenable to being pooled statistically. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on objectively assessed cognitive function (including processing speed, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed- and immediate- memory), subjectively reported cognitive function and mental well-being. Compensatory strategy intervention demonstrated improvements on delayed-, immediate- and verbal-memory, self-reported cognitive functions and spiritual quality of life. The meta-analyses of two RCTs (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from cognitive training immediately or two months after the intervention. The results of one RCT (47 participants) showed that cognitive training did not improve physical well being immediately or on mental well being. However, lower levels of mental well bemusement were observed immediately following the intervention in patients who received cognitive training compared to those on a wait-list control group. We assessed the assembled studies using GRADE for physical and mental health outcomes and this evidence was rated to be low quality and, therefore findings should be interpreted with caution. Evidence for physical activity and meditation interventions on cognition is unclear. Overall, the, albeit low-quality evidence may be interpreted to suggest that non-pharmacological interventions may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following systemic cancer treatment. Larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active
We found six randomised controlled trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and piperacetazine. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS). No clear difference was observed. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder (a movement disorder in which movement disorders occur in people with Parkinson's disease). No difference in the numbers of participants leaving the study early for any reason was observed, and no trial reported data for negative symptoms or economic costs. The results of this review show chlorpromamide and pentagramacetazine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on very small numbers of people and the evidence is very low quality. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Currently, should clinicians and people with schizophrenia need to choose between chlor promazine and Pentagram acetate, they should be aware there is no good quality evidence to base decisions. More high quality research is needed.
This review of five randomised trials found that colorectal stents are as safe as emergency surgery in the treatment of coloredoctal obstruction. However, emergency surgery seems to be more successful in relieving the obstruction and reducing the time taken for the stent to be inserted. There was no difference in the number of people who died within 30 days of the operation. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements. The complication rate was 39.22% in the colonic stent group and was 45.71% in emergency surgery group. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day shorter in the colic group compared to 3.55 days in the emergency group. There were no significant differences in the complication rate between the two groups. There is no difference between the rates of perforation, migration and obstruction. The mean hospital stay was 11.53 days shorter for the colorrectal stent and was 17.15 days in both the emergency surgery groups, the average procedure/operating time was 113.93 minutes in the stents group compared with 143.85 minutes in emergency surgical group. Blood loss was 50 ml in the group of the colon stent compared to 350 ml for the emergency stent. The use of stents seems to have no advantage over emergency surgery.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1867 women) comparing human albumin (seven RCTs), human heparin (two RCTS) or HES or mannitol (one RCT) versus placebo or no treatment for the prevention of OHSS. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though heterogeneity was substantial. This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to 12%) with the use of albumin. However, there was some evidence that there was a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates (seven studies, 1069 high risk women). This suggests if the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it will probably be about 32% (27% to 38%) without treatment. If the risk of moderate OHSS is 16%, it might be about 5% (2% to 10%) with albumin, and if the risk is 52%, it may be about 29% (19% to 41%) with mannitor. There were no evidence of an effect on the pregnancy rates. There is no evidence that HES, or mananitol had any influence on pregnancy rate. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions, and there were no data on live birth. The quality of the evidence was very low. The results of this review are based on very few trials, and further, larger trials are needed before they should be considered for routine use in clinical practice.
This review of 10 studies involving 484 patients found no evidence of superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was some evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any one agent versus another. However, patients were less satisfied with placebo, and there was evidence that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was probably more painful at a 1% concentration compared with POL at 0.5%. There was also some evidence suggesting that STS was more painful than POL, heparsal (20% saline mixed with heparin 100 units/mL) or placebo and that POL was no more painful in this group. Evidence from one study suggested that hypertoni saline (HS) may be more painful and more expensive than POL. The quality of the evidence was poor, and more research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction. Future research efforts should incorporate more demographic data and symptom measures to allow for comparison with findings from observational studies, thereby aiding assessment of how various risk groups respond to treatment.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 241 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials compared different treatments for hyperkalaemia, including salbutamol, insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline, and compared them with placebo. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea and Turkey. We did not find any studies that evaluated the effect of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as death or cardiac arrhythmias. However, there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. Salbutamolate (a drug that reduces potassium levels) administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo (a substance that contains no active medication). The peak effect was seen at 120 minutes for 10 mg nebulised salbutamic acid (1 study) and at 90 minutes for 20 mg nebulaised sal butamol. One study reported 1.2 mg salbutamyol via MDI 1.0 mg produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes. Intravenous (IV) and nebulized salbut amol produced comparable effects (2 studies). When compared to other interventions, salbutamateol had similar effect to insulin-bicyarbonate but was more effective than bicarbarbonate at the end of the study. Insulin dextrose produced similar effects to IV bicaractate and was more successful than IV aminopylline (1 and 2 studies). Insulin-dexrose and insulin-desulfrose were not studied in any placebo-controlled studies. None of the included studies evaluated the effects of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalanemia. The effectiveness of potassium binding
We searched for studies that compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. We found 29 studies, enrolling 4216 participants, but only 30 studies, involving 3392 participants, contained enough data to be included in this review. The evidence is current to January 2015. Antimicrobial lock solution probably reduces the incidence of CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however antimicrobial and non antimicrobial locking solutions probably make little or no difference to the risk of thrombosis (14 studies: high certainty evidence). The combination of antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions showed that both probably reduce CRI and risk of Cri per 1000 CVC days (13 studies: 47% certainty evidence, 13 studies with a total of 1343 participants) and the risk for CRI (4 studies: 26% certainty of evidence, 4 studies with 486 participants) compared to control lock solutions. The effect on thromboembosis (blood clots) incidence is uncertain for all antimicrobial or non-amicrobial locking solution types. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the included studies. This means that we cannot be certain that the results are reliable. More studies are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimicrobial locks.
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared pre-emptive therapy with placebo or standard care (where no treatment was given) or with antiviral therapy (where antiviral drugs are given to prevent CMV disease) in 1098 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that pre-eternal therapy reduces the risk of CMV-related disease in solid organ transplant recipients compared with placebo (when the disease has already occurred) and standard care, but not acute rejection or death due to any cause. Pre-emptives did not reduce the risks of graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. There were no significant differences in the risks for all-cause mortality, graft loss or graft rejection between pre-ets and prophylactic therapy. Leucopenia was significantly less common with pre-ethosuppressive therapy compared with prophyleptic therapy. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. The quality of the included studies was considered to be moderate to high. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. The trials involved a total of 140 participants and ranged from six weeks to five months in duration. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. All RCTs compared the effect of sweet Potato preparations with placebo (a pretend treatment). There was a statistically significant improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (a measure of blood sugar control) with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo (mean difference -0.3%). No serious adverse effects were reported. There is not enough evidence about the use of sweet potatoes for diabetes.
We searched for studies that compared the active cycle of breathing technique with any other form of airway clearance therapy. We found 19 studies, with a total of 440 participants. Five studies (192 participants) were included in the meta-analysis. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the included studies blinded participants or the personnel applying the interventions. However most of the trials reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. Five of the 19 included studies were of cross-over design, which means that participants and the people administering the treatment were aware of which treatment they were receiving. The 14 remaining studies were cross-overs. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The average age of participants in the studies ranged from five to six years. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, and included different types of breathing techniques. The evidence is current to September 2015. Five trials, with data from eight different comparisons, found that the active cycles of breathing were comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. No significant difference was seen in quality of lives, exercise tolerated, lung functions, or oxygen saturation between the active Cycle of breathing therapy and autogenic drainage or between the Active Cycle of Breathing therapy and airway oscillating devices. There was no significant difference in lung function and the number of lung exacerbations
This review has provided evidence that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014. Eight randomised controlled trials with 733 women in total were included in this review. The low quality evidence showed an increased ongoing pregnancy rate compared to the standard insemination protocol. Live birth was not reported in the included studies. Measuring clinical pregnancy rate, there were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials including 372 women compared to standard overnight insemination. The overall low quality of the evidence suggested no significant difference in the odds of miscarriage between brief coincubations and standard insesmination. This review has shown that brief Co-incUBation of the sperm and Oocytes may be associated with a higher clinical pregnancy and a lower miscarriage rate than the standard overnight injection protocol. More RCTs are required to assess whether brief co,incubating would contribute to a higher live birth rate and a less miscarriage rate compared with the standard night-time injection protocol, and to assess the effects of Co-Insemination on the risk of miscarriage.
This review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, found that infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Long IT was associated with an increased risk of air leaks and deaths before hospital discharge. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care, because the studies included in this review were conducted prior to the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of ventilatory support.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients in this review. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFI, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. The low methodological quality of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution. No adverse effects were reported. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We identified 38 trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials retention was the number of participants remaining in the trial. Included trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. Strategies that improved trial retention were addition of monetary incentives compared with no incentive for return of trial-related postal questionnaires, addition of an offer of monetary incentive compared with a no-money incentive, and an offering of a GBP20 voucher compared with GBP10 for the return of postal questionnaire and biomedical test kits (RR 1.18; 95% CI 1.09 to 1.28, P value < 0.0001). The evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires was unclear and the evidence for questionnaires relevant to the disease/condition was also unclear. Although each was based on the results of a single trial, recorded delivery of questionnaires seemed to be more effective than telephone reminders and a 'package' of postal communication strategies with reminder letters appeared to be better than standard procedures. An open trial design also appeared more effective for the use of a blind trial design for the prevention of fracture in one fracture prevention trial. There was no good evidence that the addition of a non-monetary incentive, an offer or non-non-money, 'enhanced' letters, letters delivered by priority post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order either increased or decreased trial questionnaire response/retention. As our analyses are based on single trials, the effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to trial sites and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further evaluation. Case management and behavioural strategies used for trial retention may also warrant further evaluation, as they may be effective in improving retention
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. Seven included studies provided data relating to the primary outcome, and eight studies provided information related to more than one secondary outcome. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. No studies reported significant differences between devices in relation to failure to adequately mechanically ventilate. We evaluated this outcome by assessing two variables: inadequate oxygenation and inadequate ventilation. More time was required to establish an effective airway using pPLMA (mean difference (MD) 10.12 seconds, 95% confidence interval (CI) 5.04 to 15.21; P < 0.0001; I² = 73%; two studies, N = 434). Peak airway pressure during positive pressure ventilation (MD 0.84; 95% CI 0.02 to 1.67; P = 0%; four studies, 259). Mean oropharyngeal leak (OPL) pressure (MD 6.93; 95 % CI 4.23 to 9.62; P= 0.00001; six studies, 709; six = 709). The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision. Data show no important differences between the devices with regard to failure of the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. Data were insufficient to allow estimation of differences for obstruction related to device. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and involved children with a range of illnesses. The average age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. The children were aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from gastroenterology clinics. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. The evidence is current to September 2016. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The review found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience a reduction in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we found that there was no reduction in the pain intensity of children treated by probiotics compared to placebo. We found that probiotics may be effective in improving pain in children with rheumatoid bowel syndrome, but the evidence was of moderate quality due to small numbers of children included in these studies. We also found that fibre-based interventions were not more likely than placebo to reduce pain. We judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality. We were unable to perform any meta-analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these outcomes or used comparable measures to assess them. With the exception of one study, all studies reported monitoring children for adverse events; no major adverse events were reported. Overall, the quality of the evidence ranged from moderate- to low-quality due to the small number of studies and participants.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Most studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. The median standardised mean difference (SMD) for the three trials with continuous outcomes was -0.25, with SMDs ranging from -0 to 0.85. The 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had median SMDs favouring the intervention, at the three following time periods: -038 (immediate), -0 38 (1 week to 2 months) and -049 (6 to 9 months). The median SMD for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from -2.94 (95% CI -3.52 to -2) to 2.40 (95%). The medianSMD for the 19 trials showed that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from that associated with schizophrenia to that of major depression. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Data on secondary outcomes were sparse. Cost data were provided on request for three studies, and did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies (involving 455 participants) contained statements about adverse effects and neither reported finding any. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. The findings are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects, and very low for costs. More research is needed to establish the effects of mass media programs on
We included 85 studies in our review. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored their views and the views of healthcare providers, and 22 studies incorporated the experiences of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. We found 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context (11 findings, five moderate- or high-confidence); service design and provision (24 findings, 15 moderate- and high-quality); and what matters to women and staff (17 findings, 11 moderate-or-high-confidence). The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas; personalised supportive care, and information and safety. We also developed two lines of argument, using high- or moderate-confidence findings: For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women’s need for privacy, and that allow staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. For healthcare providers to deliver the kind of locally accessible, relationship-based, locally accessible ANC that is likely to facilitate access by women depends on the availability of sufficient resources and staffing, as well as the time to provide flexible personalised appointments that do not overload staff with organisational tasks. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value kind, and caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, who respect women's belief
This review of 16 trials, involving 3361 patients, found that oral nimodipine reduced the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after SAH. However, the results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral calcium antagonists; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. Calcium antagonists reduced the occurrence of secondary ischia and showed a favourable trend for case fatality. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice on the basis of the present evidence.
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 739 children with high-risk neuroblastoma. The age of the children ranged from one year to 18 months. All three studies were conducted in the USA. The evidence is current to January 2014. The three studies compared myeloablative therapy with conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment. The results of the studies showed a significant difference in event-free survival between the two treatment groups. However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses, the difference in overall survival was no longer statistically significant. There was no evidence of effect when additional data were added to the analyses. No information on quality of life was reported. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups, but the results were not univocal in all studies. All studies had some methodological limitations. Based on the currently available evidence, myeloablation therapy seems to work in terms of survival. Survival rates may be overestimated due to the inclusion of patients with intermediate-risk disease. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease in the treatment group compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference between the treatment groups was identified. No definitive conclusions can be made regarding adverse effects and quality oflife, although possible higher levels of adverse effects should be kept in mind. A definitive conclusion regarding the effect of myeloabblative therapy in different sub groups is not possible. This systematic review only allows a conclusion on the concept of myeloblation therapy; no conclusions can yet be made on the best treatment strategy. The best study design to answer these questions is a randomized controlled trial. These trials should be performed in homogeneous study populations (e.g. stage of disease and patient age) and have a long-term follow-
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that compared TACE followed by 3-DCRT with TACE alone. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration of the trials was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that TACE plus 3-dCRT compared with Tace alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause, and the risk for tumour response (complete response plus partial response). We are uncertain about the effect on health-related quality of life because the data were not clearly defined. We are also very uncertain in the results of the reported non-serious adverse events. None of the included trials reported serious adverse events, and we are uncertain whether TACE is associated with increased risk of adverse events such as leukopenia, serum transaminases elevation, and serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) without decline or normalisation. The risk of total bilirubin elevation was higher in the TACE group than in the control group. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low to very low because of the small number of trials and the methodological weaknesses in the included studies. The quality of evidence was very low to low because the trials were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. To date, no randomised trials are available that examine the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) chronic lung disease/bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3), moderate (femoral vein N=1) and high ( femoral vein (n = 1) for most outcomes. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. For the subclavians, two-dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of accidental puncture (three trials, 498 participants) and haematoma formation (three studies, 496 participants). No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications (one study, 311 participants). However, success on the first attempt was more likely with ultrasound, and a small increase in the overall success rate was noted. No data on mortality or participant-reported outcomes were provided. No evidence on insertion by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain.
This review of 15 trials found that physiostigmine given by intravenous infusion, oral or in a controlled-release form did not improve the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease compared with placebo. The best dose physiostagmine was associated with improvement on the Alzheimer's Disease Activity Scale (ADAS-Cog) score at 6, 12 weeks. There were significantly higher numbers of patients withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating. There was no difference between the higher and lower doses of physiostgmine (higher and lower dose) for numbers improved (CGIC) at 24 weeks. When no attempt was made to identify responders and all relevant patients were randomized, fixed dose (mean 33 mg/day) was associated to a statistically significantly higher number withdrawing due to side effects and suffering a number of adverse events. The lower dose (delivering mean dose 5.7mg/day), which is a controlled release form, was associated in a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. The results from two of the four studies of the controlled-stage physiostigenine apply only to a group identified as responded in a period of time before the start of the trial. The evidence of effectiveness of physiosterigmine for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer’s disease is limited. Even in the controlled release formulation designed to overcome the short half-life, physostigamine showed no convincing benefit and adverse effects remained common leading to a high rate of withdrawal.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with previous stroke, and one trial recruited a mix of people with CVD. The evidence is current to August 2016. The trials compared fibrates with placebo (a pretend drug) or no treatment. The review found that fibrate drugs can prevent the occurrence of non-fatal stroke, non- fatal myocardial infarction, and vascular death. However, the effect of fibratin drugs on these outcomes is based on the inclusion of clofibrate data, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to its unacceptably large adverse effects. The risk of adverse events was low. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitation of the review was that the number of trials included in this review was small and the quality of evidence was limited.
This review of 12 randomised controlled trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding after elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants) found that TA (in addition to uterotonic medications) decreases postpartum blood loss and prevents PPH and blood transfusions following vaginal birth and CS in women who are not pregnant. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the use of TA. The effect of TA on maternal mortality, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events is uncertain (low quality evidence).
We identified 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine and rimantadines with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat influenza A in children and the elderly. The evidence is current to February 2015. The studies were conducted in China, India, Japan, South Korea, the United States and the United Kingdom. We found no studies assessing the effect of amantadenine in the elderly, but the quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drug was not well established. The results of this review do not indicate that amantenadine or rimantadenines could be useful in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of influenza A. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with amantanadine.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1512 women in this review. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies they were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared the timing of the endometrium injury in the cycle prior to IUI with the time of the IUI cycle. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of endometric injury. The evidence is current to August 2015. We are uncertain whether endometral injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of women included in the studies. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometrical injury was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS) and only one study reported this outcome. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution as the evidence is of low or very low quality. The main reasons for this were that most included studies were at a high risk of bias and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted studies that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3905 participants. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were unable to determine whether professional care resulted in a lower incidence rate of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with usual care over an 18-month period (low-quality evidence). We were also unable to reach any conclusions about the number of first episodes of pneumonia in nursing homes. There was low-quality data from two studies that suggested that professional care may reduce the risk of death due to pneumonia when compared to usual care at 24-month follow-up. We found no high-quality studies that evaluated the effects of different types of oral care for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care (where there was no treatment). We found low quality evidence from two small studies (507 participants) that professional oral services may reduce pneumonia-related deaths compared with care provided by nurses. We are uncertain whether or not professional oral service may reduce all-cause mortality compared to care by nurses, when measured at 24 months follow up (very low- quality evidence). The quality of the evidence was low or low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019.
This review included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (fake medicine), mesalazine versus mesalamide plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate versus mesaline. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. The study which assessed mesalane versus mesalanazine plus chorionic gonadotrophins and the study which compared beclometric dipropions versus mesalesalazine was judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding. The other 3 studies were judged to have low risk of systematic errors. Bismuth sublates (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks versus placebo) was not better than placebo at inducing clinical response. There were no differences in clinical or histological responses between patients treated with budesonides and placebo. Forty-six patients were enrolled in the trial studying beclometryasone (5 mg/daily or 10 mg/d) versus mesaazine (2.4 g/day) and there was no difference in clinical response between the two groups at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment. Side effects reported in the budesonid studies include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in the mesalidine study. Side effect data were not available in the beclomicine dipropate study. No side effects were reported in either the bismuther subsalcylate study or the besonide study. There was no evidence of side effects with bismutasone. No conclusions can be made regarding the effectiveness of budesonoids for lymphocy
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with 3259 participants in this review. Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring, one study compared self monitoring with SMUG, one trial compared SMBG and SMUG with SMU and one trial was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG with usual treatment and with a control group. The intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). We found that when diabetes duration is over one year, the overall effect on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin is small up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. There is no evidence that self- monitoring affects patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of SMBG, its impact on diabetes specific quality of lives and well- being, as well as the impact on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications. The quality of the included studies was generally high. Seven out of 11 studies had a low risk of bias for most indicators.
This review examined the effectiveness of psychological interventions for adults with AsPD. Eleven studies involving 471 participants were included in the review. Five studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Australia. The evidence is current to September 2013. Most of the studies were of poor quality. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance, and the 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated program' with incarceration) appeared to be effective, compared to the control condition, in terms of improvement in at least one outcome in each study. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes related to substance misuse. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. Disappointingly few of the included studies addressed the primary outcomes defined in this review (aggression, reconviction, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects). Results suggest that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults who have AsPD. Further research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition.
This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. Five studies contributed data relating to purulent rhinitis, with a total of 791 participants. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. There is evidence that antibiotics cause significant adverse effects in adults when given for the commoncold and in all ages when given to people with acute purulent rheumatoid arthritis. The risk of adverse effects was significantly higher in adults than in children. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of the number of people who developed persisting symptoms. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 162 participants. Three trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department, and one trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. None of the trials measured our efficacy primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. We are uncertain of both the efficacy and safety of antibiotic treatment for guttate psoriasis. The quality of the evidence was very low, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and unclear risk of outcome reporting bias) and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented. One trial (N = 43) assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week follow up from start of treatment). Adverse events and the proportion of participants achieving clear or almost clear skin were not measured in this trial. One study (n = 20) assessed rifampicin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14-day treatment duration; six-weeks follow-ups from start) did not measure any of the review outcomes. These trials did not report the proportion who achieved PASI 75 or PGA 1 to 2 to 2. In the azithromycin group, 18 out of 30 versus 0/20 participants in the vitamin C group reached PASIs of 75 at the end of 48 weeks of treatment. The proportion of people achieving clear
We found 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested vitamin₂. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on recurrence of relapse, worsening of disability measured by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS), and MRI lesions. VitaminD appears to be safe, although available data are limited. Effects on health-related quality of life and fatigue are unclear. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included trials provided no data on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, percentage of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) on the effectiveness of morphine for cancer pain in adults. We found 62 studies, with 4241 participants, comparing morphine with other opioids, placebo (a pretend treatment), or no treatment. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design (where participants were divided into two groups and the participants were then allocated to each group in a random fashion). The majority of the studies were funded by the manufacturer of the drug. Fifteen studies compared oral morphine modified release (Mm/r) preparations with morphine immediate release preparations (MIR). Fourteen of these studies compared Mm orr in different strengths; six of these included 24-hour modified release products. Fifeteen studies compared morphine Mm with other opioid drugs. Six studies compared the same type of morphine with another opioid drug. Two studies compared a different type of Mm, oral morphine with rectal morphine, and three studies compared an oral Mm by a different route of administration. Fourteen studies used different strengths of morphine. One study was found comparing each of the following: oral morphine tablet with an opioid; oral morphine suspension with a non-opioid drug; Mm and MIR with non-operative drugs; and oral morphine (with or without a suppository) with epidural morphine. In the previous version of this review, we found that morphine was effective for reducing pain in people with cancer. The quality of the evidence was generally poor. Most studies were old, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes and therefore were only designed to show equivalence between different formulations. The review also showed the wide range of study
We included 14 trials, with a total of 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery versus open surgery (five studies); open surgery plus steroid injection versus steroid injection (one study); percervical surgery plus steroids compared with open surgery; and endoscopic surgery compared to open surgery); and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias. We are uncertain whether open surgery is more effective than steroid injections in improving the resolution of trigger finger symptoms. The evidence was of low-quality due to study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision. The main comparison was between open surgery and steroid injection, because open surgery was the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and considered as standard surgery, whereas steroid injection is the least invasive control treatment method as reported in the studies in this review and is often used as first-line treatment in clinical practice. Compared with steroid injections, there was low quality evidence that open surgery provides benefits with respect to less triggering recurrence, although it has the disadvantage of being more painful. Evidence was downgraded due to design flaws and inconsistency due to small sample sizes. We were unable to assess the quality of the evidence due to the small number of participants in the included studies.
This review of three randomised controlled trials, with 931 participants, found that early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve overall survival (OS) of participants with AO or AOA. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and whether temozolomide can be substituted for this remains unclear. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent prognostic factors for OS in two of the RCTs (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and EORTC) and were predictive for OS for one trial (RTog). The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three RCTs (n = 137) compared intranasal corticosteroids against placebo; two trials (involving 103 children) compared oral montelukast against placebo. We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not analysed as randomised. We also had concerns about selective reporting in another trial. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (a measure of oxygenation) between children receiving intrana-respiratory steroids compared to placebo. In contrast, children receiving oral montleukast had a lower AHI compared to those in the placebo group. We were uncertain about whether the difference between the two groups on other outcomes (such as desaturation index, respiratory arousal index, and nadir oxygen saturation) was different. We found that oral montlukast has short-term beneficial treatment effects for OSA in otherwise healthy, non-obese, surgically untreated children (moderate certainty for primary outcome and moderate and high certainty, respectively, for two secondary outcomes) by significantly reducing the number of apnoeas, sleepiness, and respiratory arousals during sleep. The clinical relevance of the observed treatment effects remains unclear, however, because minimal clinically important differences are not yet established for polysomnography-based outcomes in children. Long-term efficacy and safety data on the use of anti-inflammatory medications for the treatment of OSA are still not available. In addition, patient-centred outcomes like concentration ability, vigilance, or school performance have not been investigated yet. No study examined the avoidance of surgical treatment as an outcome. Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare,
We included six studies (including 1291 children) in this review. Five studies investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134, antithrombin (AT) supplementation n = 37, low-dose warfarin n = 31, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplementation (n = 240, AT supplementation and LMWH n = 41). One study investigated the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation. One study compared one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment. All studies had methodological limitations, and clinical heterogeneity between studies was noted. We found no significant effects of systemic treatments compared with no intervention in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE and no differences in adverse events (such as major or minor bleeding; none of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, heparbocyprotenia (HIT) or heparbin-induced thromboembolic thrombinopathy with thrombiosis (HITT), death as a result of Vte, removal of CVC due to VTE, CVC-related infection, and post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS)) between experimental and control groups. Two studies with comparable participant groups and interventions were included for meta-analyses. In the experimental group, 1/68 (1.5%) children were diagnosed with symptomatic (symptom-related) VTE as were 4/114 (3%) in the control group. These studies also evaluated asymptomatic CVC related VTE: 22/68 children (32.4%) were diagnosed in the intervention group, as were 35/114 children (30.7%) in each group. The analysis of these studies showed a significant reduction in symptomatic VT without bleeding complications. None of the included studies reported any adverse events. One participant developed an ischaemo-haemorrhagic stroke.
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants who had either Type I or II TAAA surgery. The first trial of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the risk of neurological deficits in the lower extremities in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%) participants and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) participants. CSFD did not have a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. The second trial of 33 participants used a combination of CSDF and intrathecal papaverine. It showed a statistically significant reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit (P = 0.039) compared to controls. Analysis was undertaken after only one third of the estimated sample size had entered the trial. In the third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. The CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group versus 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving CSFD. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in postoperative deficits. Meta-analysis showed an odds ratio (OR) of 0.48 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 0.92). For CSFD-only trials, OR was 0.57 (95% CI 0.28 to 1.17) and for intention-to-treat analysis in CSFD only studies, the OR remained unchanged. There are limited data supporting the role of CSFSD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 662 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that NB-UVB is ineffective for PPP in clinical practice, and a small RCT did not detect a statistically significant difference between NB- UVB and topical PUVA for clearing PPP. In one RCT of NBUVB compared with oral PUVA, the difference in PASI 75 was not statistically significant. In three other RCTs of CPP, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, there were significant differences between the two groups. The clearance rate between oral PUva and NB-UVA was inconsistent among the included studies. The quality of the evidence regarding NB-VUBB versus bath PUVA was also inconsistent. One RCT in people with CPP found no significant differences in the clearance rate and withdrawals due to side-effects between the NB- and bath PUVAs. In participants with PPP, one RTC found there were no differences between nipple-type treated sides and topical UVVA treated sides in terms of clearance rate. Two RCT found that re-NBUVB and re-PUVA are similarly effective for treating CPP or GP. In practice, it may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. No studies reported our primary outcomes of interest for the use of conventional BB-UVBs compared with conventional BBUBS. Current evidence is very heterogeneous and needs to be interpreted with caution. Larger prospective studies are needed.
This review of trials found that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may be more effective than electrical stimulation alone. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any method of treatment. There were suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implanted sacral nerve stimulator. The limited number of identified trials together with methodological weaknesses of many do not allow a definitive assessment of the role of anal sphincter exercises and biofeed back therapy in the management of people with faecal incontinence. Larger well-designed trials are needed to enable safe conclusions.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and harms of using a catheter for urinary catheterisation. Thirty-nine randomised trials were identified for inclusion in the review. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter was used following surgery. The data from five trials were heterogeneous but tended to indicate a higher risk of (re)catheterisation if a catheters were not used postoperatively. In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggested fewer urinary tract infections when catheter use was reduced by 1 to 3 days earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days) with no pattern in respect to catheteration. In a single small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed a significantly greater incidence of urinary tract infection and a delay in return to normal voiding. Despite reviewing 39 eligible trials, few firm conclusions could be reached because of the multiple comparisons considered, the small size of individual trials, and their low quality. Whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of morbidity (especially infection) and risks of recatheteisation.
This review included 10 studies with a total of 3340 participants. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies compared the addition of aririprazole to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment (754 participants), and one study compared the use of haloperidine versus haloperideol (347 participants). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence shows that ariroprazole was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence). Ariropazole caused more movement disorders (high quality evidence), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication (high-quality evidence). Compared with placebo, arioprazole caused gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation) and movement disorders in more people (high high quality evidence) and caused more children/adsolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal (low quality of evidence). No significant differences between ariprotrazole and other medicines were noted at three weeks or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks. Aripipazole was compared with other medicines in three studies in adults—lithium was used in one study and haloperacid in two studies. At the three-week time point, meta-analysis was not possible because of lack of data; however, at 12 weeks, haloperodol resulted in significantly more movement disorder symptoms than aripipsole, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), the Barnes Akath
We found no randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or controlled clinical trials (CCTs) evaluating antibiotic or other lock treatments in children with cancer. Two RCTs evaluated urokinase lock treatment with concomitant systemic antibiotics versus systemic antibiotics alone, and one CCT evaluated ethanol lock treatment plus systemic antibiotics compared with systemic antibiotics only. No RCT or CCTs evaluating antibiotic lock treatments were identified. We found no evidence of significant difference between ethanol or uoK lock treatments with systemic antibiotic treatment and systemic antibiotics treatment alone regarding the number of participants cured, the number or number of recurrent CVC-related infections, number of days until the first negative blood culture, the need for CVCs to be prematurely removed, ICU admission and sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five publications (three out of four publications) in cohort studies. No significant difference was found between uokinase or ethanol lock in addition to systemic antibiotics. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. The cohort studies identified no adverse events; some cohort studies reported CVC malfunctions. More well-designed RCTS are needed to further explore the effect of antibiotic lock treatment in the treatment of CVC infection in children.
This review looked at the effectiveness of interventions to help people with whiplash-related neck pain, including advice to activate, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics and self-care strategies. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on intervention was more beneficial for acute whiplASH-related pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term but not long-term follow-up. There is no evidence of benefit or difference for pain reduction, or no different in improving function and global perceived improvement from generic information given out in emergency care (control) for acute or intermediate- term follow-ups. Advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomic problems: Very low quality evidence suggests that self-management strategies (e.g. exercise training) may not relieve pain for acute to chronic neck pain. Self-care Strategies: Very poor quality evidence indicated that self care strategies did not relieve neck pain at short-term or long term follow up. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions, including help to activate (providing advice on how to use your hands to move your arms and hands), advice to use stress-management skills, stress-related behaviours and self care. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition. Of the 15 selected trials, three were rated as being at low risk of bias.
This review aimed to assess the best way to communicate with people at risk of developing CJD or vCJD. No studies meeting the study design criteria were identified for inclusion in this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria as the Cochrane, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences, were included and formed the basis of a thematic synthesis, and which is presented in appendices to this review. The thematic syntheses indicates that ideally communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. The results of the review also indicate that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm, such by discriminating in accessing health care. There is insufficient rigorous evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. The proportion of patients who were drug responders was higher in the opioid group. Quality of life scores also improved more with opioids than with placebo in the comparison group. Patients' quality of sleep was improved by sleep adequacy, sleep quantity, and quality of quality of life. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps. More side effects were reported in the opioids group. These side effects included gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence).
This review of 15 trials, involving 1022 adults with distal radial fractures, found that external fixation maintained reduced redisplacement of the fracture and prevented late collapse and malunion compared with plaster cast immobilisation. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. External fixation was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor. Probably, some complications could have been avoided using a different surgical technique for pin insertion.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared early removal of ureteric stents with late removal of stents. These studies included 1127 patients. The evidence is current to August 2014. The review found that early removal (before the kidney transplantation) of urethra stents may reduce the incidence of UTI, but it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. The incidence of Muc was also reduced in the early stent removal group. This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was only apparent if a BI stent was used. However, if an externalised PU stent is used, there was no discernible difference in UTI between the early and late removal groups. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with fillments. One study included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted using the hall technique) versus non-restorative caries treatment. In the two studies using crowns fitted using conventional method, all teeth had undergone pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. The final study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns (stainless steel with white veneers). No RCT evidence was found that compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. All studies in this comparison used PMCs. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk of major failure was lower in the crowns group in the long term compared to the fillings group. Similarly, there was lower risk of pain was lower for the crown group. Discomfort associated with the procedure was lower with crowns fitting using the technique than for fillings. It is uncertain whether there is a clinically important difference in gingival bleeding between the two groups, either in either the short or the long-term. The quality of the evidence was very low for the comparison between crowns and fillings, and low for crowns versus other types of dental treatments. There are no RCTs comparing crowns fit using the method of the Hall technique versus filling.
We included 28 studies involving 788 people with cystic fibrosis. Most of the studies did not report enough information to allow us to combine the results of the different studies. Most studies did report on the number of people who dropped out of the trials. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips, and in three it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that PEP using a face mask reduced the number and severity of lung attacks compared to other methods of airway clearance. However, the results were not consistent across studies. There was no difference in the number or severity of the attacks between PEP and other methods. There were no differences in the severity of symptoms between the groups. There is some evidence that PP may be more convenient than HFCWOs, but the evidence is of variable quality. There are no studies that have compared PPEP to other techniques of airways clearance. The quality of the evidence was variable, but we found that there was high-quality evidence that showed a significant reduction in lung attacks when PEP was compared with HFCwO. There may be little or no difference between the two techniques in terms of number of adverse events, but there were fewer problems related to the lower airways when compared to high-fibre chest wall vibrations (high-certainty evidence). There was limited evidence on side effects. In a study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux, this was more severe in the PDEV group (low-quality of evidence). In one of the included studies
This review included four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. All participants were adults over 18 years of age. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most of the studies were conducted in the 1980s. The studies compared CZP with placebo (a pretend drug) or no treatment. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other two studies were judged to be at low risk. The results of the review showed that CZPs were superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission and clinical response at week 8 in participants with active Crohn’s disease. In addition, the results showed that participants receiving CZp were more likely to achieve clinical response than those receiving placebo. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73/835) and 6.2% (40/650) of participants in the CZPP and the placebo groups, respectively. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn't disease, infections, and malignancy. The overall certainty of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of clinical remission, clinical response, and serious side effects. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events differs between CZPS and placebo as the 95% confidence interval (CI) includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. Future studies are needed to evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of CZps in CD patients.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared drugs to treat heart failure in people with CKD. We found 112 studies that met our inclusion criteria. Of these, 15 were studies of adults with CKC; 16 studies were conducted in the general population but provided subgroup data for people with chronic heart failure; and 81 studies included individuals with chronic CKD, but data for this subgroup were not provided. Of the 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension, or quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. In chronic heart fail, the effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi or ARB), aldosterone antagonists, and vasopressin receptor antagonists on death (any cause) were uncertain. Treatment with beta-blockers may reduce hospitalisation for heart failure (3 studies, 2287 participants). Aldosterone antagonists may increase the risk of high blood potassium levels compared to placebo or no treatment. We were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors affects the risk for high potassium levels, as there were few studies and meta-analysis was not possible. We could not estimate the effect on the risk or harms of treatment on the number of people with high blood pressure. The effects of anti-arrhythmic agents, digoxin, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, renin inhibitors, sinus nodes inhibitors, vasodilators, and
This review found three studies involving 1945 women. The studies were of moderate quality. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies, but there was no statistically significant difference between groups. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
We included two trials involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. Both trials were conducted in the USA. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. The intensity of disease signs and symptoms was measured in both studies but using different scales; we were therefore unable to pool the data. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline, half venous refilling time and total venous filling time were observed in people with CVI. In the second study, improvements in muscle strength at slow speed were not observed. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach.
This review of 76 randomised controlled trials found that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient global assessment; and at different post injection periods but especially at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. Of note is that the magnitude of the clinical effect, as expressed by the WMD and standardised mean difference (SMD) from the RevMan 4.2 output, is different for different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables and trial designs. In general, the analyses performed are positive for the HA class and particularly positive for some products with respect to certain variables and timepoints (pain on weight bearing, pain on the knee and global assessment) such as pain at 5 to 12 weeks post injection. In other analyses HA products had more prolonged effects than IA corticosteroids. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of different products and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of different HA products.
This review included 10 randomised clinical trials with a total of 4052 participants. Four trials (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo (a pretend drug) given in addition to conventional uterotonics. The review found that the addition of the drug to uterotonic therapy did not provide any additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal illness, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy. Misoprostole was associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. Two trials (1787 participants) examined the effectiveness of oxytocin infusion as primary PPH treatment. One trial included women who had received prophylactic uterotonic drugs, and the other did not. The trial comparing oxytocins with misopostol found that oxytocine infusion is more effective and causes fewer side effects when used as first-line therapy for the treatment of PPH. When used after uterotonical drugs, oxytocic drugs and misopsrostol worked similarly. The trials included in the current review were not adequately powered to assess impact on the primary outcome measures. The role of tranexamic acid and compression methods requires further evaluation. Furthermore, future studies should focus on the best way to treat women who fail to respond to conventional therapy. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PH unresponsive to uterotonatives and/or haemostatics.
This review of trials found that routine short-term cysteine chloride supplementation of cysteines in PN improves nitrogen balance in preterm infants. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks of cystereye supplementation, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of administration. Available evidence from a large RCT trial does not support routine N-acetylcysteine supplementation of PN in extremely low birth weight infants.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes mellitis. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. We present here only the comparisons of active intervention versus no intervention in which two or more trials reported at least one of the following outcomes: mortality at maximal follow- up, serious adverse events, and health-related quality of life, the outcomes that determine whether a treatment should be used. There was no evidence of difference in the number of people with NAFLD who developed serious adverse effects in the trial which reported the proportion of people developing serious side effects. None of the trials reported health- related quality oflife. Bile acids and no intervention There was not evidence of any difference in mortality, serious side events, or the number or number of serious side-effects between bile acids or no intervention. None were reported. Thiazolidinediones and no treatment There was a very low quality of evidence for the comparison of thiazolidine (a type of antioxidant) versus no treatment. There were no deaths in either group (1 trial; very low-quality evidence). None of these participants developed serious side side effects (2 trials; very-low quality evidence). There was also no difference in number of side effects between the two groups (3 trials, very-very low quality evidence) between the three trials which reported this outcome. None reported health related quality-related life. The source of funding Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest
We included 15 studies with 1282 participants with MCI at baseline in this review. Of these, 1172 had data that could be analysed. The studies followed participants for one to three years. The CSF t-tau test was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values ranged between 48% and 88%. At the median specificity of 72%, the estimated sensitivity was 75% (95% CI 67 to 85), the positive likelihood ratio was 2.72, and the negative likelihood ratio (0.32) was 0.32. Six studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases) evaluated the accuracy of the CSF p- tau test. The sensitivities were between 40% and 100%, while the specificities were between 22% and 86%. The average specificity of the test was 81% (94% CI 64 to 91), and the average sensitivity was 81%. Five studies (140 cases and 293 non-case) evaluated a test called CSF/ABeta ratio. The sensitivity and specificity of this test were between 80% and 96%, and the median sensitivity was between 33% and 95%, respectively. Only one study reported on the accuracy and sensitivity of CSF test of t- t-test/abeta ratio, and it was not possible to combine the results because the studies were few and small. The accuracy of these CSF biomarkers for ‘other dementias’ had not been investigated in the included primary studies. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, index test methodology and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). We were not able to formally assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of studies available to be included. The insufficiency and heterogeneity of research to date primarily leads to a state
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found one ongoing trial. The evidence is current to September 2015. We included three RCTs with a total of 170 participants in this review. The quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. We did not find any studies that addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostateectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
We included 14 studies in this review, with a total of 1,601,515 study participants. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes, including the following: mode of delivery, congenital abnormalities, preterm delivery, foetal death, and low birth weight. We found no association between maternal use of topical cortics and adverse pregnancy outcomes. The evidence is current to September 2016. We did find that women who received mild to moderate potency topical steroids were less likely to have a baby that died during pregnancy. However, we did not find any association between the use of mild to very potent topical steroids and the number of women who had a baby with low Apgar scores. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of high birth weight in women who were given potent to very powerful topical cortes. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. We downgraded the quality because of imprecision in low birth birth weight and inconsistency in the number and type of babies that died.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroids and without topical cortics. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches in July 2014. All trials compared the use of corticostimulants with no treatment. The trials had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. The largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT), which included 611 participants. The trial reported that time to re-epithelialization was 53% slower in the steroid group after adjusting for baseline epithelial defect size. However, the SCUT did not find any important difference in time to the re-opening of the cornea. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study. The pilot study found no important difference between the two treatment groups. The investigators of the trial found that more patients in the control group developed intraocular pressure (IOP) elevation. One study reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference between groups (data not available). We found no reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the four trials were generally of good design, all trials had considerable losses to report (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four studies were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences. There is not enough evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of topical cortiosteroids in improving the outcomes of visual acuity, infiltrate/scar size, or adverse events among participants with bacterial ker atitis.
We included four trials with 450 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found no evidence from these trials that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic treatment with respect to functional outcome. The quality of the evidence was low. We considered the quality of evidence to be low because of the small number of participants in the trials and the fact that participants were aware of the treatment they were receiving. We did not find any evidence that intravenous blood clotting therapy was superior to percutaneously administered blood clot-dissolving drugs. We also found no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. The overall quality of information was low because the participants and the treating physician knew which treatment group the participants had been allocated to, and because the outcome assessment was not blinded to the treating physicians or participants. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of a rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials on the effects of centre-based day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. We found one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. The trial was conducted in the USA, and the children were aged between one month and five years. The study was funded by the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) through a grant from the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR). The study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found no evidence to suggest that day care centres improve or worsen children's cognitive ability, psychosocial development or employment. No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that day-care centres improved or worsened employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. This review includes one trial that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects on children's intellectual and psychological development. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we cannot be certain about the results of the study. The evidence was of very low quality. The included study was not well designed, and there were problems with the way it was conducted.
In this review, we examined the evidence from 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices. Eleven of the 30 scoring index have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. However, none of the currently available histologic scoring indices have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is required. The optimal index would need to be fully validated before it can be used.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated the use of nailing versus plating in 213 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The studies were conducted between 1991 and 2013 and involved 173 participants. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The mean age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at high-risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all of the outcomes. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain between the two groups. The results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperations or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing, but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operationations after nailing. Similarly pooled data for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured plating, but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included a possible benefit after plation. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no clinically significant difference in pain between nailing and plate fixation. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults. The addition of evidence from two ongoing trials should inform this question in future updates. Further trials are warranted on
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people; moderate-quality evidence), for major vascular event 0.90, and for dementia 0.88 (95%, CI 0.73 to 1.06; 2 RCTS; 6671 participants). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for participants with stroke or TIA: 72.1%; P = 0.006). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure lowering for recurrent-stroke-lowering (RR of 0.80), and for major blood vascular event (RR 0.58), and the pooled RR 0.99 (95%) for dementia was high. Our results support the use of blood pressure lowering drugs in people with stroke and stroke or stroke-induced ischaemic attack. Current evidence is primarily derived from trials studying an ACE inhibitor or an ACE diureic. No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal systolic blood pressure target after stroke or a TIA.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that B-sitosterols improved urinary symptoms and flow measures. B-Sitosterols did not significantly reduce prostate size compared to placebo. Withdrawal rates for men assigned to B-sitterol and placebo were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively. The evidence suggests non-glucosidic B- sitosterols improve urinary symptoms. Their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
This review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events when regular salmeterolate was compared with placebo. There was an increase in the risk of asthma-related death in patients who were not taking inhaled corticosteroids, compared to regular salbutamate or placebo, and there was also a clear increase in risk of death from asthma in patients not using inhaled steroids in the two large surveillance studies. We combined data from the two largest studies (25,180 and 26,355 participants) as all the asthma--related deaths in adults occurred in these studies. In comparison with placebo, we have found an increased risk of serious side effects with salmeterole. The side effects in children remain uncertain due to the small number of children studied. The confidence interval for patients who are not taking an inhaled steroid is wide and we cannot rule out an increase of asthma deaths in the presence of an inhale steroid.
This review found no evidence that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants. There is no evidence from controlled clinical trials that thyroid hormone therapy reduces the need for mechanical ventilation, duration of mechanical ventilation or other adverse effects. The review authors identified two studies enrolling preterm babies with respiratory distress. Both studies had methodological concerns including quasi-random methods of patient allocation, no blinding of treatment or measurement and substantial post allocation losses. Neither study reported any significant benefits in neonatal illness or death from use of thyroid hormones. Meta-analysis of two studies (80 infants) found no significant difference in mortality to discharge (typical RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.47, 2.14). Amato 1988 and Amato 1989 reported no significant differences in use of respiratory support. No significant effects were found on use of mechanical support, use of breathing machines, air leak, chronic lung disease at 28 days in survivors, patent ductus arteriosus, intraventricular haemorrhage or necrotising enterocolitis. Neurodevelopment was not reported.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2018. The analyses showed that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The review also showed that the non-abdominal disacchic acid derivatives can help to reduce serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease including liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding. The results of the analyses showed no differences between the two groups of participants. The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect of the nonabsorbables on quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis (very low quality evidence). The review found no difference between lactulose and lactitol for the remaining outcomes. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes.
This review included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) comparing bisphosphonate, vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin. The studies were conducted in adults and children and young adolescents. The average age of participants ranged from 12 to 18 years. The evidence is current to January 2019. Bisphosphoneate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, however low certainty in the evidence indicates it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture. It is uncertain whether interventions for bone disease in kidney transplant patients reduce all-cause or cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke, or graft loss in very low certainty evidence. It may decrease acute graft rejection, but it is uncertain if any other treatment impacts graft rejection. Bisosphonates may increase bone pain, while it was very uncertain whether they prevent spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis (a disease of the bone that leads to damage to the bone). Bisph phosphonate may increase to risk of hypocalcaemia (low certainty evidence). It was unclear whether vitamin D drugs had any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death, or transplant function outcomes. Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low or low certainty. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney transplants are very uncertain. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes.
This review identified four randomised controlled trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/ day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. There were no significant increases in handgripstrength in the magnesium group. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment: clinical diagnosis (high-quality evidence), and diagnosis confirmed by radiography (moderate-quality information). The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis diagnosed either clinically (high quality evidence) or confirmed by imaging (moderate quality evidence), is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse effects. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials. Considering antibiotic resistance, and the very low incidence of serious complications, we conclude there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhoealtitis.
This review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve DSS in patients with stomach cancer, although the increased incidence of postoperative mortality reduces its therapeutic benefit.
This review of 13 randomised controlled trials, involving a total of 1158 participants, found that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agents with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. However, the percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is low (28%). The conclusion of this review is that the studies conducted have not allowed an adequate evaluation of oral naloxone treatment in opioid dependence. Consequently, maintenance therapy with naltrerexone cannot yet be considered a treatment which has been scientifically proved to be superior to other kinds of treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that examined the effects of changing the consistency of fluids used to treat swallowing difficulties in people with dementia. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included participants with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with a history of swallowing difficulties. Regular liquids with a chin down head posture, as well as regular liquids without any intervention, were also compared. The second study, parallel designed RCT, compared the effect of thickened fluids with a 'chin down' head posture over a three-month period in a subgroup of 260 participants. Outcomes were pneumonia and adverse intervention effects. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration during videofluoroscopy, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. There were more incidents of pneumonia in participants receiving honey thick liquids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or taking regular liquids with chin down posture. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency and/or duration of fluid for swallowing difficulties for swallowing in dementia as too few studies have been completed. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluorescenceoscopy. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the long-lasting impact of these fluids on the health of the person with dementia should be considered. Further high-quality
This review included six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found no evidence of a statistically significant difference between natural cycle and standard IVF in live birth rates. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low for live birth, ongoing pregnancy, clinical pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, OHSS, gestational abnormalities and cycle cancellations. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was significantly lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The overall quality of evidence was very low or low for all outcomes. The main limitation of the review was the small number of studies and the small numbers of women included in the trials. Moreover the largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited on natural cycle IVF treatment. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary for a woman to reach live birth (cochrane review), treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. All included studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which means that participants were assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Analysis was split into three comparisons: (1) Tai Chi versus usual care; (2)Tai Chi and breathing exercise versus breathing exercise alone; and (3) Taichi and exercise versus exercise alone. Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres, 95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52 to 48.77 metres; participants = 318; I2 = 59%) and better pulmonary function (MD 0.11 L) in post-programme data. However, the effects of Tai Chi in reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. No adverse events were reported. Data are currently insufficient for evaluating the impact of Taichi on maximal exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength in people with COPD. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions alone, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement in COPD patients. No side effects were reported, implying that Tai Chi is safe to practise. With the diverse style and number of forms being adopted in different studies, the most beneficial Tai Chi style and type of form could not be commented upon. Hence, future studies are warranted to address these topics.
We included 72 trials that involved 2470 participants. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the studies included in the previous version of this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were generally small and varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used as an adjunct to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups (low-quality evidence). There was no difference between the two approaches in the ability to walk, balance, or participate in activities of daily living. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs; however, these findings were not statistically significant. There were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. The quality of the evidence was mostly low due to the small number of studies and small sample sizes. Thus, while there are a large number of randomised controlled trials, the evidence remains mostly low quality when rated using the GRADE system.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) of fluoroquinolones added to standard treatment for drug-sensitive TB. A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line regimen. No trials reported on treatment failure. Three trials (723 participants) substituted fluorocinolones for ethambutol or isoniazid in standard treatment. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (very low quality evidence). Three trials with 723 participants (very, very low quality) substituted ethambutsol with moxifloxcin, gatifloxin, and ofloxacidin into the standard treatment regimen. For relapse, we are not sure if there was an effect. No trial reported treatment failure or treatment failure at eight weeks. Fluoroquinoleines in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens with fluoroquolones. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether addition or substitution of fluoquinolone for ethamabutol and isoniaZid in the first treatment regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases culture conversion. We are uncertain about the effect of fluorocinolone substitution on sputus conversion, adverse events, or serious adverse events. We do not know if the substitution has any effect on death or relapses. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all three outcomes. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the included studies were of poor quality.
