one side of the armed conflicts is made up mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a suanese group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca, islam's holy city, which able-bodied muslims are allowed to visit at least once in their life.
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the gas cloud deck of neptune.
his next work, saturday, is an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attached it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
there he died six weeks later, on 13january 888.
they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea.
since 2000, the award of the kate greenaway medal has also been given with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000.
following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo -lrb- a tiny drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and often have more fancy dance moves.
the ship is made up of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini, and the esa huygens -lrb- a space -rrb-.
alessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola is an italian former football player.
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision was in the smaller craters.
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a ba in science.
however, the bzö is a bit different from the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century, with european settlement.
in 1987 wexler was made a member of the rock and rock hall of fame.
in its form, dextromethorphan happens as a white powder.
admission to tsinghua is very competitive.
1. nrc is organised as an independent, private foundation.
it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea, where it surrounds the city of stralsund.
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
for example, king bhumibol was born on monday, so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
1. both names got rid of in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland.
traditionally, tagore emulated numerous styles, including artistry from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb-, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
1. on the steps of michigan union, president john f. kennedy suggested the idea of what became the peace corps.
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
1. perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- beat eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france.
despina was found in late july, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor races took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia.
he also completed two collection of short stories called the ribbajack & other strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2 images, ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major line going towards uranus.
the british decided to get rid of him and take the land by force.
some towns on the eyre road in the south-east corner of western australia, between the south australian border and caiguna do not follow official western austrialia time.
in architectural design, small pieces of color and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been made to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula have a lot of people living in them.
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
it is not actually a true louse.
he believes in a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing the use of design as a mainstream method of things.
it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner he brides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of thehebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are number-name -lrb- a branch of the iau -rrb-.
1. by early on september 30, wind shear began to increase and a weak trend began.
each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugget of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result, although many mosques will not punish them, both men and women when attending a mosque must follow these laws.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques, published in 1991.
ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july, 1988 -rrb- is a professional rugby union player for the guinness football team.
like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot, who was named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria's reign, and large numbers were printed.
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promoted as the world's first mma league
1. gardia lamblia -lrb- related to laminas and giardia duodenalis -rrb- is a flagellated parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing gaigne to become sick.
aside from this, cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie, left behind ii : world at war, in which he plays cameron " williams ".
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river, later sometimes called " prussia. "
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the stories of matthew and the bible of luke.
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
the episodes have included vic reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon gregson, sue cleaver, carol thatcher, paul o'grady and lee ryan.
it was found by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show, made by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
on 16 june 2009, the official release date of the resistance was made on the band's website.
he is also a member of another boy band 183 club.
the tradition, attributed to the theologian, hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with an early christian agape feasts.
in return, rollo swore fealty to charles, converted to christianity, and went on to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups.
it is derived from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english.
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven smaller ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
it was the first asteroid to be found by a satellite.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden, switzerland.
it is still as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic.
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 -rrb- is called 1 mb- megabyte, instead of 1 mib.
the incident has been the source of numerous reports as to ethics in science.
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- special powers -rrb-, and seventh son of seventh son are both rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software shows the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory use.
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy.
the feelings of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until now, where it was found that itch has many features in common with pain, but shows notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mounds, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which are stuck to it.
the same tram had stopped on 30 may 2006 at starr gate, during previous trials.
there are sculptures of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former ipswich town and england managers, outside the ground.
1. take the square root of the variation.
volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france.
if there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a road that goes to an ordinary town road, and the road may become as crowded as the local roads it was meant to avoid.
it is also a starting point for people wanting to go to cook town, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous.
some of the authors, writers of fiction, authors of non-fiction, and others can be in charge of the use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george i of great britain -rrb-.
their eyes are very small, and their visual acuity is poor.
they are rivaled as biological materials in strength only by chitin.
oregano is an important ingredient in greek food.
tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on oyster card.
these works he produced and published himself, while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
the historical method consists of the use of primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
the size of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliterate -rrb- is the state of being able to read but not wanting to do so.
mifepristone is a drug that is used as a medicine.
it will then get rid of and sink back to the river bed in order to eat its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trust, and / or cares about.
1. landis'father has become a good supporter of his son and thinks he is one of floyd's biggest supporters.
after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labour is the wage.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they published their findings in a book -lrb- 1911 -rrb-, under the names of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he stayed in london, devoting his time and his resources to teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a group of 11,000 troops to take care of the region.
in 1438, trvi was under the control of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and its history merges first with that of the states of the the church, then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a place where water broke off the ground, and dissipated the next day over brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york city house authority police department was a law enforcement agency in york town that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the current line up of the band consists of flynn -lrb- songs, guitar -rrb-, duce, phil demmel, and dave mcclain.
advocacy countries with a majority muslim population are more likely than muslim-most countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to get people to participate in publics activities.
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud.
johan in turn from its original bassist of the swedish band hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
in 1998, culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was won.
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over rays, the difference being a single first- place vote.
shade set the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law, and accidentally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their early migration, and his separation from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter.
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999.
prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed tourist attractions and campgrounds along the outer banks.
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia.
because the owner does not know about these computers, these computers are similar to zombies.
the wave went across the atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13.
for example, the style book of the associated press is changed every year.
the four canonical texts are the bible of matthew, bible of luke and the church of john, probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews.
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its manufacturing industry.
the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
unlike the clouds on earth, however, which are made up of crystals of ice, neptune's cirrus cloud are made made up.
their participation is not as strong as they are in the beginning of their life, but they get more and more active until they reach the law.
there are often subversion pictures which are not as good to use as normal, but there are a lot of others.
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years, the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrB- 1783-1807 -rr b-.
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, spain and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was shown in the miller-urey test by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953.
cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power, chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station to create both electricity and useful heat.
on occasion the male " den master " will also let a second male enter the den ; the reason for this is not clear.
a wikipedia gadget is a computer program that can be used to make a link or a css -lrb- a form of writing -rrb- or a link to a book or a computer game or a web page or a device that can easily get rid of simply by checking an option in your wikipedia plans.
1. below are some useful links to help ease your involvement.
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
she was left behind -lrb- explanation for this change -rrb- when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
james i appointed him a member of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 to his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and said that he may not accept it.
later, esperanto people began to see the language and the culture that had come up around it as ends in themselves, even if esperantos are not adopted by the united nations or other countries.
1. dry air around the southern edge of the cyclone caused most of the deep convection by early on september 12.
1. calvin baker is an american writer.
1. eva paula braun, died evaannan, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler.
each version of the license is given a different version number.
most irc servers do not need to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
that same year he also received a system of things certificate, becoming the youngest -lrb- of a kind -rrb- airplane mechanic in new york.
1. summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an event that will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be a part of the southern polestar.
a few animals have a change in color in changing environment, either seasonally -lrb- ermine, snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more quickly with the cephalopod family -rr b-.
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- venis hit rikish with a tv camera.
this closely resembles the unix system of things of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
he came from a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
the largest people of mennonites are in canada, democratic republic of congo and the united states, but mennonite can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or among the people of those countries.
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
acanthopholis's armour was made up of thin plates set almost horizontal into the skin, with spikes from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
1. origin irmo was written down on christmas eve in order to respond to the opening of the columbia, newberry and laurens railroad.
in the past, bills proposed by the law commission, and the house of lords, they were in the hands of lords.
in the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparing for the re-unification of wallachia, vlad stayed with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital.
1. you may add a text of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a writing form as a back- cover text, to the end of the list of cover text in the modified version.
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the inner part of bones.
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets -rrb-.
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse d'azur in southern france.
1. macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something -lrb- usually involved in his personal life -rrb- that makes him run out of time.
this was mostly complete when messiaen died, and yvonne loriod went on to make the final movement's music with help from george benjamin.
the muslims consider karbala to be one of their holy cities after mecca, medina, jerusalem and najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra, samak, and somchai wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being propped up by thakin.
however travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, needs advance planning and a good, reliable vehicle -lrb- usually a four wheel drive -rrb-.
while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands that were influenced by the music of the 1960s and 1970s.
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international army.
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
it has a size of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in europe, and the largest largest in the world.
in december, 1967, 10 boom was honored as one of the good ones among the nations by the state of israel.
some articles are very long and rich in content while others are short -lrb- possibly stubs -rrb- and of less importance.
about 95 species are now accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
" undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard terms in english.
jurisdiction comes from public law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to give resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha, overture to the song of hiaWatha and hia watha's departure.
the capital of the state is aracaju -lrb- pop.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterpart for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles.
the lawyer, brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb-, became his friend, and became a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales, australia in cabonne shire.
1. donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002.
prospectors from california, europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes.
it was the most commonly used math method in science and science.
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.1 millimeters -rrb-.
1. oyeghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by the production of milk.
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
1. alternative views on the matter have been suggested throughout the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb-, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album, however, was banned from many record stores.
the legs are wide at the top, and thin at the ankle.
in late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations, saying he had a lot of talk about his plans to move to satellite radio.
the company opened double as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's " wendy's confirmed tim hortons ipo by march ", ottawa business journal, december 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also took in more sales than those of mcdonald.
1. plot captain caleb holt -lrb- kirk cameron -rrb- is a fireman in albany, georgia and holds the cardinal rule of all firemen, " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
the plant is thought of as a living fossil.
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia.
orchestration stravinsky first made the idea of writing the ballet in 1912.
protests across the nation were stopped.
offenbach's many operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld, and la belle hélène, were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world.
roof tiles dating back to the ancient city of chang'an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb- have been found west of the city of xian.
jeanne marie- madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13, 1921 november 11,1968 -rrb-, was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
the instrument was not as strong as most other instruments by most accounts, but it was very hard to control.
santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb-, the earliest current church in assisi.
1. characteristics -lrb- of a type of metal -rrb- shows a very good amount of iron-nickel in the atmosphere of the earth.
1. railway gazette international is a business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
he was appointed companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988.
loèche harbours the buildings of onyx, the swiss -lrb- electronic -rrb- system for electronic information gathering.
a matchbook is a small cardboard box -lrb- matchcover -rrb- enclosed in a box with a small amount of matches and having a small striking surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to complain about cigarette smoking around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she said she would not get rid of the commune, and asked the judges to give her to death.
oel manga series graystripe's trilogy there is a three page original english-language manga series, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the view.
1. saxovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb-, p did not gather in urban enclaves ; many of the people who had worked as pedders were able to talk with americans on a daily basis.
he was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metal work furniture.
during childhood she had pneumonia 4 times, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
1. dr. lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, quebec, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum.
the wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force -lrb- of the kind -rrb- damage.
thereafter the county's government was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet achieved a quadruple axel in competition.
from the telephone exchange, the port jackson district -lrb- of the army -rrb- could talk with all military buildings on the harbour.
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of prayer, there are still rules that apply.
it is described as a point in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
1. computer performance is marked by the amount of useful work done by a computer system, as well as the time and resources used.
some of the largest rivers in the world can be found along the volga.
the crosier shows the monasteries of the region.
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in chicago, helped yunus with the use of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but said that the facts of such a trial had not yet been found.
1. representatives of the professional hockey writers'association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
tajikistan, turkmenistan and u.s. border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakism to the south and the people's republic of china to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, inc, a web portal company.
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february, 1987 in jwaneng, botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back-rower for the guinness football team.
other nearby towns include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
the quark model was made by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring is decorated with gold garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own government, separate from west germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli, c. 1482.
1. new south wales's largest city and capital is sydney.
the polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name remains as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the death of the printed magazine.
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
1. stands were added to each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
a town may be explained as a town town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, given the right to do so still remains.
a bastion on the eastern approach was built later.
1. events europe july 29 - battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldsson loses to his vassals and is killed in the battle.
others have thought that tresca was destroyed by the nkvd as revenge for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union.
this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries.
the use of web and css is not very often, but it is often used for good reason.
1. schuschnigg immediately said publicly that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon, england.
1. on the context, another close-related meaning of person is that of a citizen living in the area governed, representing, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to people who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of european history in mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for European integration studies in bonn.
1. stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead, the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin road north of santa clarita.
the conference papers were published the next year in a book.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with the super mario land 3 series.
1. frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical.
a historian has said that " it was quinine's ability to get into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which shows rather a stony surface composition.
she became the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf and härtel.
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is very close to the surface of the earth, has no natural satelitte and no large atmosphere.
geography the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich.
this area provides good habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608.
the prime minister remains in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house.
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery, and by getting rid of cedric's corpse, he shows selflessness and compassion.
on june 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a long shooting in frankfurt.
1. together they formed new music manchester, a group dedicated to modern music.
the hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
it is now the site of meher baba's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- as well as facilities and places for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
salem is a city in essex county, massachusetts, usa.
1. forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean, approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico.
therefore, these documents can not be distributed without further if they contain images.
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector, frederick pottinger, for taking part in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner.
1. heavy rain fell across parts of britain on Octoberober 5, causing a lot of flooding water to break off the ground.
1. version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb, where the user's design and personal data can be saved if wanted.
in connection to the parties's strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members, christian democratic people's party.
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
ohio state's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
in other development, both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway, but scotland was able to repel a norse invasion and make a good peace deal.
the singles from the album had " by the way ", " the zephyr song, " can't stop, " dosed, and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000, minix became free / open source software under a free free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had beat it's ability, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body color ranges from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes, is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the legs.
the britannica was primarily a scottish business, as symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral symbol of scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose became more and more weak, before being cancelled soon after landfall on sepsember 23.
in august 2003, the san diego union said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guard during the first stage of combat.
the film may have been like that of other films, but the later ones were much better known to provide the audience with the kind of information later given by intertitles, and can help historians think about what the film was like.
that is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the third world can not be used as a means to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
he went from sydney to a place where he could not get away from, and was shot dead in 1796.
1. ned and dan went to the police camp and asked them to give up.
before the second game got started, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
in a short video about the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fight is coming back. "
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
the sat thinking test -lrb- formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholian assessment test -rrb- is a standardized test for college people to take in in the us.
the situation in northern italy creates the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by band of flagellants.
some reports read that various factors increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was sent off to australia for seven years.
waugh wrote that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian, " that low door in the wall ", a symbol that tells the work on a number of levels.
her friendship with the russian saint grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
the term -lrb- dervies -rrb- refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or growing off that side of an animal.
the term " protein " was started by berzelius, after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same science -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule.
after the jerilderie raids, the gang stayed low for 16 months evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france.
1. color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added, curving north from union st. to end at st.reets.
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert.
it is on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of heart death or both.
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica, it was made up of a large area of land surrounded by water, from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
the comic was made available on google books and their site with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register a family connection with the college, where they are checked out and checked out a lot before being changed.
the book, political economy, was published in 1985, but had limited school-learners taking part in the book.
he went on a tour with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union, with concerts in moscow and leningrad, and went on another tour in 1994, in china and india.
napoleon gives his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm, reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and killing 10,000 victims on the losers.
it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria, and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu and tulu.
meteora got the band multiple awards and honors.
after a brief stand-off, the wwf army turned around and attacked kane and jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. Sherman.
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area.
from the beginning, many new facilities were built on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a science building, a building for the natural science, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complex, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county, illinois, usa.
name arzashkun seems to be the form of an armenian name from a name that was taken from the name arsene, arsissa, which was used by the ancients to part of lake van.
out of 16-421 people in the national cast, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its start on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can then be designed and used in less severe environments.
gimnasia hired first famous colombian trainer francisco maturana, and then julio césar falcioni, but both had limited success.
1. brighton is a city in washington county, iowa, usa.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem.
on june 24 1979 -lrb- the 750th anniversary of the village -rrb-, glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy version of donkey kong in 1994, and later mario -lrb- kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006, although the character is now described as " mario's friend ".
the vagina is very thin and stretching to many times its normal size during vaginal birth.
his real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
this data shows how much of a particular drug or other drug -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to put off a given biological process -lr b- or part of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism -rr b- by half.
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern, part of the alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg, and vaud.
there he had one daughter, later baptized as maryann power, to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power.
during an interview, edward gorey said that bawden was one of his best known artist, but he regretted the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this artist.
the string can get rid of in different ways just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle : electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also got an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
