one side of the armed conflicts is made up mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a suDanese group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca, islam's holy city, which able-bodied muslims are allowed to visit at least once in their life.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the gas cloud deck of neptune.
his next work, saturday, is an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attached it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
there he died six weeks later, on 13 january 888.
they are similar to the people of papua new guinea.
since 2000, the award of the kate greenaway medal has also been given with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000.
following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo -lrb- a tiny drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and are able to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini, and the esa huygens -lrb- britney -rrb-.
alessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola is an italian former football player.
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a ba in science.
however, the bzö is a bit different from the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century, with european towns.
in 1987 wexler was made a member of the rock and rock hall of fame.
in its form, dextromethorphan happens as a white powder.
admission to tsinghua is very competitive.
nrc is organised as an independent, private foundation.
it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea, where it surrounds the city of stralsund.
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
for example, king bhumibol was born on monday, so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
1. both names became extinct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland.
torture, tagore emulated numerous styles, such as british columbia, haida carvings from the west coast of canada and woodcuts by max pechstein.
john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union on the night of the election.
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
1. perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- beat eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop to win the wwf european championship.
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france.
despina was found in late july, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor races took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia.
he also completed two collection of short stories called the ribbajack & other strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2 images, oye, appear as an elongated object, the major angle point towards uranus.
the british decided to get rid of him and take the land by force.
some towns on the eyre road in the south-east area of western australia, between the south australian border and caiguna, do not follow official western australsian time.
in architectural design, small pieces of color and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been made to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula have a lot of hills and hills.
fearing that drek will destroy the space, clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
it is not actually a true louse.
he believes in a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing design as a mainstream class of things.
it is thought that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner he brides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of thehebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008.
1. formal minor planet designations are number-name -lrb- a branch of the iau -rrb-.
1. by early on september 30, wind shear began to increase and a weak trend began.
each datum has a datum -lrb- a nugget of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result, although many mosques will not enforce the laws, both men and women when attending a mosque must follow these laws.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques, published in 1991.
ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july, 1988 -rrb- is a professional rugby union player for the guinness championship.
it is made up of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear science at the university of paris, and their grandson pierre joliot, who was named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria's reign, and large quantities were printed.
the world's first mma league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb-.
1. gardia lamblia -lrb- related to sheep -rrb- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and grows in the small intestine, causing giardia to become sick.
aside from this, cameron has often worked in christian productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie, left behind ii : tribion : world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck " williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river, later sometimes called " prussia. "
he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed as artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the bible stories given in the gereral of matthew, also known as the bible of luke, specifically -.
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
the episodes have included vic reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon gregson, and carol thatcher, paul o'grady and lee ryan.
it was found by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show, made by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
on 16 june 2009, the official release date of the resistance was made on the band's website.
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club.
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with an early christian agape feasts.
in return, rollo swore fealty to charles, converted to christianity, and went on to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups.
it is derived from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english.
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven smaller ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
it was the first asteroid to be found by a space.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden, switzerland.
it is still as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic.
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 -rrb- is referred to as 1 mb megabyte, instead of 1 mib.
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in science.
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
seventh son have strong " knacks " -lrb- special magical abilities -rrb-, and seventh son of seventh son are both rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software shows the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory use.
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy.
the feelings of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until now, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but shows notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which are stuck to it.
the same tram had hit the ground on 30 may 2006 at starr gate, during previous trials.
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former ipswich town and england managers, outside the ground.
1. take the square root of the variation.
volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france.
if there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a road that goes into an ordinary town road, and the road may become as congested as the local roads it was intended to avoid.
it is also a starting point for people wanting to go to cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous.
some of the authors, authors, writers, and others connected with wikipedia can be in charge of the use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george, who later became george i of great britain -rrb-.
their eyes are very small, and their visual acuity is poor.
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
oregano is an important ingredient in greek food.
tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on oyster card.
these works he made and published himself, while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
the historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines by which historians use to research and then to write history.
the large amount of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to make up the high amount of water that flows into the ground.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliterate -rrb- is the state of being able to read but not wanting to do so.
mifepristone is a chemical drug used as a drug.
it will then get rid of itself and sink back to the river bed in order to get its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trusts, and / or cares about.
1. today, landis'father has become a strong supporter of his son and thinks he is one of floyd's biggest supporters.
1. shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labour is the wage.
convinced that the lands were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure -lrb- 1911 -rrb-, under the names of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he stayed in london for the rest of his life, devoting himself mainly to science and mathematics.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafe-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a group of troops to go to the area of 11,000 troops.
in 1438, trevi was part of the legation of perugia, and henceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a system of waves and flooding, and dissipated the next day over brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york -lrb- york city -rrb- police department was a law enforcement agency in york town that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the current group of the band consists of flynn -lrb- vocals, guitar -rrb-, duce, bass, and dave mcclain.
advocacy countries with a large muslim population are more likely than muslim countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to get people to vote in elections.
the characters are foul-mouthed -lrb- making things up on the spot -rrb- extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud.
johan was also the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
in 1998, culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was won.
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over raysbourque by a margin of two votes, the difference being a single first-place vote.
shade set the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law, and accidentally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their early migration, and his separation from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter.
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999.
prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the gwangju massacre.
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia.
because the owner is unable to be wrong, these computers are thought of as similar to zombies.
the wave went across the atlantic, and organized into a tropical storm off the northern coast of haiti on september 13.
for example, the stylebook of the associated press is changed every year.
the four canonical texts are the bible of matthew, the gereral of mark, the gospel of luke and the church of john, probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see the hebrews -rrb-
since the end of the 19th century, it is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
unlike the clouds on earth, but, which are made up of crystals of ice, neptune's cirrus clouds are made of cold water of ice.
they are able to participate in law until they reach the law.
there are often subversion images which are not as good to use as the ones that are normally used, but there are many of them.
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years, the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb-.
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, spain and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was shown in the miller-urey test by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953.
cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power, chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station to create both electricity and useful heat.
on occasion the male " den master " will also let a second male enter the den ; the reason for this is unknown.
a wikipedia gadget is a computer program that can be used to make things up on the spot, rather than be used simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
the links below are some useful links to help you get to know each other better.
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
she was left behind -lrb- explanation for this -rrb- when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
james i appointed him a member of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and said that he may not be able to get it.
later, esperanto was able to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if esperantos is not adopted by the united nations or other international groups.
1. dry air was stuck around the southern edge of the cyclone by early on september 12.
1. calvin baker is an american writer.
1. eva paula braun, wife of adolf hitler, died.
each version of the license is given a different type of version number.
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user will have to set a name before being connected.
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest person to be an airplane mechanic in new york.
summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an event that will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be a part of the southern polestar.
a few animals have a change of colors, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally -lrb- ermine, snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more quickly with the cephalopod family -rrB-.
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- venis knocked out rikishian with a tv camera.
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
he came from a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
the largest people of mennonites are in canada, democratic republic of congo and the united states, but mennonite can also be found in close-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or in many parts of those countries.
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
acanthopholis's armour was made up of plates set almost horizontal into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
1. origin irmo was found on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia, newberry and laurens railroad.
similarly, bills proposed by the law commission, and others, start in the house of lords.
in the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparing for the resuming of wallachia, vlad stayed with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital.
you may add a line of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a line that goes to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
1. bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow inside of bones.
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse d'azur in southern france, in the area provence-alpes-côte d '
1. macgruber asks for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later caught by something -lrb- usually involved in his personal life -rrb- that makes him run out of time.
this was mostly complete when messiaen died, and yvonne loriod went on to make the final movement's orchestratation with advice from george benjamin.
shi'a muslims think karbala to be one of their holy cities after mecca, medina, jerusalem and najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shamin, samak, and somchai wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for thakasin.
however travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, needs advance planning and a good, safe vehicle -lrb- usually a four wheel drive -rrb-.
while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
he excuses himself because he has to leave for a show, and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by the band that helped create it.
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade.
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
it has a size of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in europe, and the largest in the world.
in december, 1967, 10 boom was honored as one of the good people among the nations by the state of israel.
some articles are very long and rich in content while others are shorter -lrb- possibly stubs -rrb- and of less importance.
about 95 species are now accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard terms in english.
jurisdiction comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to give resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha, overture to the song of hiawa and hiaWatha's departure.
the capital of the state is aracaju -lrb- pop.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterpart for a decade.
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles.
the lawyer, brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb-, was his friend, and he grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales, australia in cabonne shire.
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002.
prospectors from california, europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes.
before the creation of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.1 millimeters -rrb-.
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 men have been inducted.
1. alternative views on the matter have been proposed throughout the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb-, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album, however, was banned from many record stores across the country.
the legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
in late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations, saying that he would be moving to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened two times as many canadian stores as mcdonald's " wendy's ipo by march ", ottawa business journal, december 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also beat those of mcdonalds canadian operations as of 2002.
1. plot captain caleb holt -lrb- kirk cameron -rrb- is a fireman in albany, georgia and holds the rule of all firemen, " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
the plant is thought of as a living fossil.
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia.
orchestration stravinsky first thought about writing the ballet in 1912.
protests across the nation were stopped.
offenbach's numerous operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld, and la belle hélène, were very well liked in both france and the english-speaking world.
roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang'an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb-.
jeanne marie- madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13, 1921 november 11, 1968 -rrb-, was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
the instrument was not able to be controlled by most people.
santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb-, the first church in assisi.
1. characteristics -lrb- based on data -rrb- shows that a good amount of iron-nickel is found in the sky.
1. railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
he was appointed companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988.
loèche has the facilities of onyx, the swiss interception system for electronic data gathering.
a matchbook is a matchcover -rrb- enclosing a large amount of matches and having a thin surface on the surface of the ground.
she was one of the first doctors to complain about the use of cigarettes around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she said she would not give up the commune, and asked the judges to sentence her to death.
oel manga series graystripe's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following greystripe, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
many of the people who had worked as peddler -lrb- 1994 -rrb-, p.
he was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
she had to have her heart checked out two times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst due to falling lungs.
1. dr. lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, quebec, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum.
the wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force damage.
thereafter the county's government was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet achieved a quadruple axel in competition.
from the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could talk with all military buildings on the harbour.
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of prayer, there are still rules that apply.
it is described as a point in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
the amount of useful work done by a computer system is very close to the time and resources used.
some of the largest rivers in the world can be found along the volga.
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region.
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in chicago, helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been found.
the professional hockey writers'association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistani to the south and the people's republic of china to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, inc, a web portal company.
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february, 1987 in jwaneng, botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back-rower for the guinness championship.
other nearby towns include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
the quark model was thought to be a good idea by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring is decorated with gold garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own government, separate from west germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli, c. 1482.
1. new south wales's largest city and capital is sydney.
the polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name remains as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the death of the printed magazine.
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
s were added to each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
a town may be thought of as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, given the right to do so still existed.
a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later.
1. events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
others have thought that tresca was destroyed by the nkvd as revenge for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union.
this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries.
the good reason for this is shown by the use of the web using the css and using the web to make things up on the spot.
1. schuschnigg immediately said publicly that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon, england.
1. on the context, another closely-related meaning of person is that of a citizen living in the area governed, held, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the group of european history in mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for European integration studies in bonn.
1. stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead, the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin road north of santa clarita.
the conference papers were published the next year in a book written by phelps et al.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario lands : super mario land 3.
1. frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical.
a historian has stated that " it was quinine's strength that gave people the chance to get into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which show rather a stony surface composition.
she became the author of her husband's works for breitkopf and härtel.
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is very close to the surface of the ground with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no important atmosphere.
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich.
these are good habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608.
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house.
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery, and by retrieving cedric's corpse, he shows selflessness and compassion.
on june 1, 1972, he and fellow raf membersjan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a long shooting in frankfurt.
they formed new music manchester, a group dedicated to modern music.
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
it is now the site of meher baba's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- as well as facilities and facilities for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church has been put back in place entirely.
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
salem is a city in essex county, massachusetts, usa.
1. forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean, approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico.
therefore, these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner.
1. heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5, causing a lot of flooding.
1 provides a usb builder to create a live usb, where the user's design and data can be saved if wanted.
the seat of the congress was distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members, christian democratic people's party
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned professional.
ohio state's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
in other development, both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway, but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and offer a good deal of peace.
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song " and " dosed ".
in april 2000, minix became free / open source software under a free free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had beat it in its ability, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body color ranges from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes, is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the legs.
the britannica was mainly a scottish business, as symbolised by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose became stronger, before being cancelled soon after landfall on sepsember 23.
in august 2003, the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican forces during the first stage of combat.
the film may have been like, and can help historians think about what the film was like later.
that is because real estate, businesses and other businesses in the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
he hit the ground from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan went to the police camp, telling them to give up.
before the second game got started, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, " in a short video showing the charity equality now.
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
the sat thinking test -lrb- formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholistic test -rrb- is a standardized test for college people to take in in the us.
Civil unrest in northern italy creates the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
some reports said that various factors increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was sent off to australia for seven years.
waugh wrote that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall, which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden ", a symbol that tells the work on a number of levels.
she had a bad relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal.
the term " protein " was invented by berzelius, after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same testable form and might be made up of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule.
after the jerilderie raid, the gang stayed low for 16 months evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france.
the color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added, curving north from union st to end at st. greorge and bloor streets.
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert.
it is on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of death or both.
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica, it had a lot of mountains and many different types of land, from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
1. gengre made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register a family name with the college, where they are very well-known and are able to get official documents before they are changed.
the book, political economy, was published in 1985, but had limited classroom use.
he went on a tour with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union, with concerts in moscow and leningrad, and went on to go on to tour china and india.
napoleonic war : austrian general mack takes his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm, reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and killing 10,000 people on the losers.
it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria, and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu and tulu.
meteora got the band multiple awards and honors.
the wwf army turned around and attacked kane and jericho after a short standing-off.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b.Sherman.
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area.
from the beginning to the end of the century, many new facilities were built on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a science building, a building for the natural science, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complex, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county, illinois, usa.
name arzashkun seems to be the form of an armenian name that comes from the name arsene, arsissa, which was used by the ancient regime of lake van.
out of 16,421 people in the national cast, she was chosen among the 15 people to appear on the tv show.
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its first on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired first famous colombian trainer francisco maturana, and then julio césar falcioni, but both had limited success.
brighton is a city in washington county, iowa, usa.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem.
on june 24 1979 -lrb- the 750th anniversary of the village -rrb-, glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later mario -lrb- of the minis -rrb- 2 : " mario's friend ".
the vagina is very hard to get rid of and has many times its normal size during vaginal birth.
his real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
this number shows how much of a particular drug or other drug -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to stop a given biological process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism by half.
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern, parts of the alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg, and vaud.
there he had one daughter, later baptized as maryann fisher power, to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power.
during an interview, edward gorey said that bawden was one of his best artist, saying that not many people remembered or knew about this artist.
the string can come out of the ground in different ways just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particles : electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also got an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
