This is an overview of the results from a review of studies that found that if children and their carers were taught about asthma and their symptoms, they were less likely to go to hospital for an acute flare-up. There was also less chance that they would need to go back to hospital. However, there was not enough data to be sure of this.
We found 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants did not receive treatment during surgery. Types of surgery were ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, wisdom teeth extraction, neck surgery, lumbar surgery, hip joint surgery, thoracotomy, knee joint repair surgery, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoid surgery, thyroid surgery, elective caesarean birth, and surgery using a keyhole or laparoscopy. The dose of ketamine used in most of the studies was low to high, and most had a low risk of bias. We did not analyse the main results by type of surgery, dose, or other factors, such as dose or time of treatment. We found that giving ketamine to people undergoing surgery reduced their pain by 8 mg of morphine and reduced their need for morphine over 24 hours. Over 48 hours, they had 13 mg less need for painkillers. Pain was reduced by 5/100 mm at 24 hours and by 22% at 48 hours with ketamine. Pain during movement was 14% lower and 16% lower, and both at 24 and 48 hours after surgery, with and without ketamine, and by 16% with nitrous oxide. The time for the first request for a pain medicine to be given was reduced from 39 to 37 minutes after surgery by about half a minute, and the area of postoperative pain was 7 cm² less, with or out of the top of the head, when ketamine was used compared with no pain medicine. About 5 in 10 (55%) of people who received ketamine had nausea and vomiting after surgery compared with about 4 in 10 people who had no pain medicines. About 1 in 20 (25%) of those who had ketamine and about 1 in 5 (10%) of the people who did not have ketamine experienced a side-effect. The risk of side-effects was
We found five trials of MSP/RESA with 217 adults and children aged five to nine years. All five trials reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic side-effects were found at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg in total). One of the trials with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites did not show a benefit from the vaccine. In the other, a trial with 120 non-infected, non-patients who had not been pretreated with an antimalari drug (sulfadoxine-pyridoxine) found that the vaccine reduced the risk of an episode of malaria. However, the vaccine had no effect on the number of children who had to be pretreated. The other trial with 719 children showed that the MSP2 parasite subtype (MSP2) was not reduced, but the other main subtype, FC27, was. The vaccine did not appear to be safe in children who were not treated with antimalarins before the start of the trial. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an overview of the evidence from randomised controlled trials of the use of electrical fields to treat long bone fractures. We found four studies, involving 125 people, that evaluated the effects of these fields. Three of the four trials used pulsed and one trial used a type of field known as a 'coupled' field. Most of the data were on the tibia (shin bone), but not on the other long bones. The results showed that there was a reduction in pain in people who had their tibia fixed at a fixed time point. There was no difference in pain at 24 weeks. No study measured function. One of the trials did not report any side effects. One trial did not describe any side effect from the field. The other three trials showed that the field did not cause any harm. The overall size of the effect was not large and there was considerable risk of bias. Further well-conducted, large-scale, well-designed and well-reported trials are likely to have an effect on our knowledge of the treatment of long bone fracture in the short- and long-term.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing drain versus no drain in 1831 people who had had a laparoscopic cholecystoscopy for the treatment of gallstones. The age of participants ranged from 48 years and 63 years. Nine of the 12 trials were of high risk of bias (low risk of play of chance) and the other trials were at low risk of this risk. The drain group had more deaths (1.1%) than the no drain group (0.2%) in the short-term deaths in the ten trials with 1681 people. There was no difference between the two groups in the risk of death in the hospital. The length of time taken for the surgery to be done and for the patient to be discharged from the surgery was longer in both groups (five trials, 449 people). The surgery took longer in the drain group than the 'no drain' group by an amount of time that could not be calculated. The average age of patients in the 10 trials that provided this data ranged between 48 and 64 years. The proportion of females ranged from 55.0% to 79.0%. The number of patients who developed a serious adverse event in the group that received drain did not differ from that in the other groups. The quality of life of the patients did not seem to be any different in the groups, and the number of people who were discharged as day-procedure (one trial, 68 people) seemed to be lower in the drains than in the no drains group. The operating time took longer to do than five days to do in patients who had a drain than in those who did not have a drain. There did not appear to be a difference in the time it took for patients to get back to work or the time that it took them to go back to normal activity and to return to work. Only one of the RCTs that looked at whether there was a benefit of the drain
We found 39 randomised controlled trials (involving 3639 participants) that were of low quality. All trials were from China. Thirty-eight herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four herbs from a single herb, eight Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self-made herbal medicines. There was no clear evidence to support the use of any of these herbs for the treatment of this type of neuropathy. The trials did not report any side effects, and there was no evidence to show that any of the herbs were safe. Most of the trials had very low quality methods, which means that their findings may not be valid.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing IAS to CAS. All the studies were short-term and had a small number of patients. Few events were reported and did not assess the effect of IAS on survival or disease-free survival. Only one study (N = 77) looked at the risk of disease progression. A subgroup analysis found no difference in risk of death from the disease in patients in the IAS group. One trial (43) found no differences in side-effects (gastrointestinal, gout, gynecomastia, and asthenia) in the group treated with IAS. One study (five events) found that IAS may be slightly less likely to cause impotence (menstrual loss) than CAS. Overall, IAS was as good as CAS for potency, but was better in terms of length of treatment.
We found 12 trials with a total of 7,119 women. Five of the trials randomised women to the use of an IUD either immediately or delayed. One of them showed that immediate insertion of the Copper 7 was found to be more likely to cause a woman to stop using the IUD than was delayed. Another trial showed that the Lippes Loop IUD or the levonorgestrel IUD was likely to be used more often immediately after an abortion. However, at six months after the end of the study, IUD use was higher in the group of women who had used the implant right away. In other trials, the use and use of the Lip-Loop IUD were less likely to result in pregnancy. In one trial, adding a sleeve made of copper to the Loop reduced the risk of pregnancy. Overall, the quality of the evidence was good. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015.
We found only one randomised trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one patients were enrolled in the study, but only 42 of them stayed in the trial and were assessed throughout the six-month study. There was no data on the age and sex of the patients. We found that there was a high risk of bias in the way the study was run, with a high dropout rate, and a high chance of bias due to the absence of data. We also found that the quality of the evidence was low, as there was not a large enough sample size to be able to draw any conclusion from the results. However, there might be a benefit in terms of quality of life for those patients with leukaemia, as their scores were higher in the group of patients who practised meditation, and in those who did not. There might also be a decrease in depression for those in the meditation group, but we are not sure about this due to lack of information. We did not find a clear effect of the practice on the risk of death, fatigue, anxiety, sleep and side effects, as these were not assessed in the one small trial we found. We judged the overall level of evidence to be very low for all predefined outcomes, due to a lack of data and the small size of the study. Therefore, we were not able to reach any conclusion on the use of meditation in patients with blood cancers. More high quality randomised controlled trials are needed.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 110 healthy children who had been in close contact with a varicella case. The trials varied in the type of vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured. We found no RCTs for children younger than 18 years of age. Overall, 13 out of 56 (23%) of the children who received the PEP (vaccine) developed varicellosis compared with 42 out of 54 (78%) of those who received placebo (or no vaccine) in the control group. Of the people who had PEP, most had mild disease (fewer than 50 skin lesions) and most received PEP in the first three days after exposure to the case. However, too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure for us to be able to say whether or not PEP is better or worse than no vaccine. No study reported on adverse events following PEP. We did not find any studies for adolescents or adults. The quality of the studies was not high and there was a high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three studies.
We included 12 RCTs, with 4704 patients, in this review. Eleven trials compared the use of antibiotics to prevent MRSA infection in people undergoing surgery. All the trials were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. There was no evidence that MRSA was eradicated from the blood prior to surgery, nor did there appear to be high rates of MRSA in the patients. There were no deaths in the four trials that reported deaths, and there was no difference in the risk of death between the treatment and control groups in each of the trials. None of the studies reported quality of life, length of time spent in hospital or use of resources. Overall, 5.5% of people had MRSA, and 1.0% developed SSIs. In the 15 trials that compared one treatment with another, there were no changes in the number of people who had MRSSI. In one trial that compared an antifungal drug with placebo, the rate of people with SSIs was lower in the group that did not receive the drug. This may have been due to a decrease in the overall risk of infections. There is no other evidence to suggest that giving a treatment that involves multiple prophylactics (antibiotics, such as penicillin or cefotaxime) or giving the same antibiotic for an increased time is of use to patients.
We found that there was not enough evidence to say whether planned home care was better than home care for PPROM. There was no evidence of differences between groups for the number of babies that died, the risk of birthweight or the need for the newborns to be cared for in the neonatal ward. One of the trials did not have a large enough sample size to show if there was a difference in perinatal death and there was no information on death of the baby. The number of caesarean births was similar in both groups. Mothers in the home care group were more likely to have a caesar, but results should be viewed with caution as there was some risk of bias. The women in the care at home group spent less time in the ICU and were more satisfied with their care. The costs of home care were lower than in the group that was managed in hospital. More research is needed to find out if home care is safe and whether it is more cost-free for mothers and babies.
This is an overview of the best methods for closing the skin after caesarean birth. The review found that staples and suture-type sutures have been used to close the skin on the baby's head and neck, and both are safe. The risk of wound infection was similar in both groups, but there was a greater chance that the stapled skin would break down and need to be re-sealed. There was no difference between the groups in terms of pain and cosmesis, and these two are the most used methods for skin closure. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increase in the risk of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
We found 11 trials with a total of 821 participants. Seven of the trials compared green tea with black tea and four compared the effects of both types of tea. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between the trials. The trials were of short-term follow-up (no more than six months) and no trials were long-term. Green tea was found to reduce the risk of CVD by 0.43 mmol/L and blood pressure by 3.18 mmHg over six months. There was no clear benefit on CVD risk factors such as heart disease or stroke. Black tea was also found to have favourable effects on lipid levels (lack of LDL and high blood pressure) and risk factors for CVD (low blood pressure and systolic blood pressure). Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for flu, appendicis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be due to the use of green tea. There are very few studies to date that have looked at the effect of green or black tea for preventing CVD. The results suggest that tea has a favourable effect on risk-reduced CVD risks, but the results should be treated with some caution as there were only a few trials per type of tea and some of these were at risk of bias. More high quality, longer-term trials are needed to confirm this.
We found that there is a clear lack of evidence to recommend azathioprine for the use of as a steroid sparing-agent in the treatment of asthma. There were only a few small, short-term, randomised controlled trials, with a total of 23 people, that were included in the review. These were not large enough to be able to draw conclusions about the effects of the drug on asthma symptoms or on the need to stop steroid use. More, longer-term studies are needed before any firm conclusions can be drawn.
We found 56 randomised controlled trials (4068 adults) that assessed the effects of exercise on cancer-related tiredness. The majority of these were in breast cancer patients (28 studies). A meta-analysis of all the data, which was performed in a meta-analyse of all comparisons, provided data for 1461 people who had an exercise intervention and 1187 people who did not. Exercise was shown to be better than the control group in reducing the amount of time spent on tiredness during or post-adjuvant cancer treatment. In terms of cancer type, we found that there was no benefit for breast and prostate cancer, but not for those with blood cancers. However, there was a benefit for people with solid tumours. We found that people with breast cancer were more than twice as likely to be tired as people without cancer. We also found that those with prostate cancer were less tired than those with other tumours, but this was not seen in people with other forms of cancer. There was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the trials. We did not find that there were any benefits for the type, duration or type of exercise. More research is needed to assess the best type, intensity and time of exercise for the best results.
We found five trials with 3427 adults (aged 16 to 65 years of age) with HL. The trials were co-ordinated in Germany, Italy and Belgium. All five trials compared first-line treatment with BEACOPP with ABVD or ABVD alone. The review found that patients with HL who are treated with the first stage of treatment are more likely to survive for five years after the end of treatment. This means that after five years, 90 patients will die in the beacopP arm and 120 in the ABVD arm. We are uncertain about the effect on the risk of dying from any cause. We found that there is no evidence for a difference in the number of people who died of any cause in either arm. There was no evidence of a change in the overall risk of developing a new tumour. The time from the start of treatment to the time of relapse or death was too short to be expected to show a difference between the regimens for the occurrence of new cancers. We also found that we are very unsure how many women will be unable to get pregnant due to the treatment and which arm might be favoured, as the age of the patients was not given in the studies. No data were reported on male or female patients. Five trials reported side effects and we found that the treatment with the second stage of the treatment caused more blood clots, low white blood cells, low platelets and thrombocytopenies (blood clots in the blood that can lead to death). We found no evidence that there was a benefit for treatment-related deaths. The number of patients with a new solid tumour may be more in the first phase of treatment in people with HL when the first-stage treatment is given to patients who have advanced HL. However, there was no clear benefit for those who are still in the early stages of HL. This is a new finding of this update of our review, as we added the results
We found fifteen RCTs including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high-income countries and most were aimed at breast cancer or prostate cancer patients (nine studies). We did not find any studies on other types of health care. We found that patients with cancer may be more likely to improve if they are treated with a psycho-educational (e.g. counselling and self-help sessions) or a psychosocial intervention compared to those who were not. We also found that people with cancer who were offered a psycho-education or a physical intervention may be just as good as people who are not. There was no clear benefit of a psycho education or a training in self-care. In one of the studies, patients who were given a physical training programme were not better than those who received a care as usual (no treatment) in terms of their health and quality of life. In five studies, people who were treated with multidisciplinary interventions (e., a combination of a physical, mental, psycho-education, and/or a vocational component) were more than twice as likely to be cured of their cancer than people who received care as normal. This was the case for patients with breast cancer and prostate cancer, and it was the same for prostate cancer. In all of the trials a less-revolving, or 'proportional' (that is, less radical) or ‘proportions-free’ (that are based on the patient’s needs) treatment was compared with a more-restrictive treatment. We were not able to combine the results from the included studies as there were too few patients. We judged six studies to be at a high risk of bias, nine to be of a low risk, and we did not have enough data to draw conclusions about the quality of the included trials.
We found four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland. The trials were funded by hospitals where the studies took place and one trial was from the UK. All four studies were of high quality. We found no new trials in this update. Results reported in the 2012 review remain the same. The risk of caesarean section was 20% higher in women who received CTG compared to those who did not, and the risk of death of the baby was the same in both groups. The studies did not report on perinatal deaths. There was no clear difference between groups in other outcomes, such as the number of seizures in the infant and severe brain damage at 12 months of age. Women who had CTG were more than twice as likely to have their child born with a headache and to have blood tests to check for blood in the baby’s lungs during labour. They were, on average, more likely to use the CTG and had more of the fetal heart rate during labour, and were more satisfied with the results. The evidence was of low to very low risk of bias. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The findings of this review do not support the use of CTG for all low-risk women who are in labour. In some parts of the world, CTG has been used for women at low risk and is still used in some hospitals, but we found no benefit for this group. We did not find that there was a risk of harm from using CTG. However, we found that admission CTG is likely to lead to an increase in the risk for the baby and that there is a 20% chance that the child will be born with headache. We do not know if there is an effect on the health of the mother and her baby. We cannot be sure of this. It is possible that there may be a benefit for the mother in terms of
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen randomised studies randomised 3666 women (total 3666) to IVF or ICSI treatment, three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes over 15,230. We were not able to pool any of the data due to the way each of the trials was done. Each of the studies compared the same culture media and none of them found that any of them was better or worse than the other. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to show which is the best embryo culture medium to use for the growth of the embryo.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of methods of communication between breast cancer carers and their patients. We did not find any RCTs of this type. We found that there were no randomised trials that looked at the best ways of telling women when to expect a breast cancer test test result and when not to have a test. We also found that women would be at risk of bias if they were included in such a study. We have not yet looked at whether it would be good or bad to do a RCT. It would be unethical to do this as it would put the women in the group of those who would not know if they had breast cancer and it would not be fair to put them in a group who would know. The search is up to date as of March 2014.
We found 17 RCTs involving 1006 people with a mean age of over 40 years of age with NSCP. All of the studies were of short duration (three months or less) and used a range of techniques to treat patients with NCP. We found that the first three months after the intervention, there was a reduction in the occurrence of chest pain and an increase in the number of days with no chest pain in the first year after the treatment. There was no effect on the severity of the chest pain, but there was no clear effect of treatment on the frequency of episodes of heart attack or stroke up to one year after treatment. The effects of other short-term treatments were less clear. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants. All of the drugs were evaluated in at least one of the trials. The trials were short-term, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The most used drug was azelastine (nine trials), which is an antihistamine and mast cell stabiliser. The other drugs were nedocromil, mequitazine, bepotastine, pemirolast, levocabastine. There was no long-term data on their effects. There is some evidence to support that the use of these drugs in the short term can reduce the symptoms and signs of the symptoms of allergy (such as itching, redness, swelling, and tear-redness) caused by the skin rash. There were no major side effects. Overall, these drugs are safe and well-treatable.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2010. The aim of the review was to assess the effectiveness of community-based programmes aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use in Indigenous and non-Indigenous youth. This review found that there is a lack of good quality research in this area. There is a need for more studies to be done in this field.
We found one randomised trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial did not show any clear differences in the risk of death for the mother or the baby. There were few events for most of the events reported. Prophylactic blood transfusion did not result in any clear benefits for the health of the mother, nor did it lead to any clear reduction in the number of deaths for the child or in the severity of the baby's illness. The risk of pain and haemolytic crises (blood in the urine) were similar in the treatment groups. There was no clear difference in the time taken for the blood to clot or the rate of blood loss between the groups. Overall, there was not a lot of data on the effects of giving blood to the mother of sickle cells with HbSS (i.e. HbSC or HbS) and there was no evidence on the best way to give blood to women with other forms of sickled cell disease. Currently, there is no evidence from trials to guide the use of routine blood transfusions for the care of pregnant women with the more common form of sickles cell disease (HbSS). The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. Therefore, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the best ways to give or not give blood.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 patients. All the trials were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We summarise only the results from more than one trial in this review. A total of 5771 patients from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes that we looked at. There was no evidence of differences in most of the trials, and where there was, these were in single trials, which were often of small size. Of the outcomes, the only one with evidence of a change was in the number of side-effects (complications), which was more with the radio-sealant method. The proportion of patients who had a blood transfusion was more in the group of people who had had their blood pumped through the sealer than in the control group, and there was no effect on the risk of death or the need for a transfusion. The amount of red blood cells was less with the fibrin sealant group than with the clamp-crush method, and the red blood cell count was less in the cell group. The blood loss was greater with the sealant method, as was the time spent in the hospital, the length of time that the patient spent in hospital and the amount of blood that was lost. None of the studies looked at people's health-wise or at the time that they were able to get back to work. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. This means that we cannot be sure that the results are valid. The main reasons for this were that there were too few people in the studies, and not all of the results were of the same type and size. Also, it should be noted that the sample size was too small to be able to determine which method was best to use. There is no evidence to suggest that the use of a special resection method for liver resection is of any effect in reducing the risk
This is a review of trials to find the best way to treat PPP. A search for the best treatment for PPP was run in 2004 and a total of 23 trials were found. There is evidence to show that the use of PUVA (PUVA is a type of retinoid) is better than any of the other treatments. The use of a steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP, but these treatments have a lot of side effects and are not known to be effective. Colchicine is an antifungal drug and short-term use is not suggested to be of benefit. There was no evidence to suggest that hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing five drugs in the loop diuretic class (furosemide, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0 mg, etozolin 200 mg) in 460 adults with blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. We did not find any differences in the blood pressure-lowering effect of these drugs. The best we could do was to compare the systolic/diastolic blood pressures of the drugs. We found that the best estimate of the effect was that the drugs could lower blood pressure by 7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) points, which is likely to be an overestimate. Withdrawals due to side effects and changes in blood pressure did not show a difference. The risk of harm from the drugs was not reported in many of the trials. We graded the quality of the evidence as low due to the high risk of bias of the randomised and quasi-blinded studies and the high risks of bias in the way in which the studies were done.
We found 58 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 2849 participants. Most of the trials were at high risk of bias (risk of systematic errors (ie, play of chance) that could lead to the wrong results) and had a large number of participants. The trials included both men and women of all ages who had had a gallbladder removed. The results showed that there was no death in either group in the eight trials that compared the groups. There were no deaths between the two groups in the other trials, but one person in each group had a very low risk of death. One person in the control group (0.4%) had a severe complication. Although the remaining trials did not report the number of deaths, three trials (190 people) reported that there were no major complications in the period before or after surgery. Twenty trials (715 people) had no serious side events in the group of 715 people who had local anaesthetists. None of the RCTs reported on quality of life, the time taken for people to go back to normal activity, or the length of time it took for them to get back to work. There was no difference between the groups for the duration of time spent in the hospital. The pain score was lower in both groups at four to eight hours after the end of treatment and at nine to 24 hours, but the size of this effect was not clear. The number of people who were discharged as day surgery was not different (three trials; 242 people out of 160) and the time to be spent in hospital was 0.04 days. The quality of the evidence was very low. All trials had high risks of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. There is a need for more well-planned, well-designed, and well-run trials that are free of bias.
We found 74 randomised controlled studies (RDTs) that assessed the effects of RDTs on P. falciparum infection. The types of tests included HRP-2 and pLDH-based tests, which are based on the human haemolytic haemoglobin (pLDH) (the antigens that cause the disease), as well as the pLH and P. dendrobatidis (a type of HLA) based tests. We found that all RDT types are able to provide accurate results and can be used to replace or add to the care of people with malaria. However, HRP2-based RDT tests are less accurate and have a greater risk of being missed by the test-errant. This means that in a group of 1000 adults with malaria, 30% of them will be missed by their RDT and 30% will not be found to have the disease.
We found five studies, all from the UK, which tested short-term changes in the length of consultation time. All were conducted in the UK and were at high risk of bias. We are not confident that the results are valid because of flaws in the design of the studies and the small size of the trials. We also found that there were no clear effects on the use of time and money spent by doctors. We did not find any clear effects of the changes on the health of patients. The length of the time spent by a doctor in a patient's care should not be changed to suit the needs of the patient. We do not know whether or not this is a good practice. More research is needed to find out if this practice is safe and if it is cost-effective. This review is up-to-date as of March 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of stavudine to treat HIV in adults. We found three studies that compared high dose versus low dose of stovudine. A total of 157 patients were enrolled in the three trials. All three trials were conducted in the developed world and none were from developing countries. All studies were at high risk of bias due to the way they were conducted. There was no clear difference between the low dose and high dose of the drug in terms of the effect on virologic suppression. Some of the studies did show that there was a reduction in blood lipids in the high dose arm of the study, but this was not seen in the other studies. The high dose and low dose arms of the trial did not show a clear advantage in virological effect or safety. The low dose arm did not report any side effects. The studies did not indicate that any patients stopped the drug due to side events. The results from the trials were imprecise and have not shown that there is a clear difference in the effect of low and high dosages. None of the trials included in this review were from poor countries and all three were in the US, so it is not clear if stavUD is still used in these countries. It was not possible to combine the data from the three studies in a meta-analysis.
We found 10 randomised trials with a total of 1658 adults with ARDS. Six of the 10 trials used an open lung ventilation approach that was different from control ventilation. We found five of the trials to be at low risk of bias and five to be of good quality. The results showed that an open-lung approach reduced the risk of death in the ICU but did not have an effect on 28-day and in-patient deaths. We did not find a difference in risk of barotrauma. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all of the outcomes. This was due to the small size of the studies and the fact that most of them had co-interventions that might have had an impact on the results.
Fifteen studies, involving 687 adults, were included in the review. Study quality was poor and the sample sizes were often too small to draw firm conclusions. However, some pooled results were found for some outcomes. Three studies measured our main outcome but individually did not show that there was a difference in effect between CBT and control. The use of 'as needed' drugs was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by CBT. There was no difference in FEV1 (heart rate) or peak flow of airways airways in four studies of 150 patients, (SMD -0.01 to 0.41). Quality of life, measured by the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire in two trials, (48 patients), showed a change in favour of CBT, but this may have been due to the small size of the studies. Peak Expiratory Flow was found to be better with bio-feedback (a type of psychosocial therapy) but not with CBT in four trials (150 patients), but this was not found in all studies. There were no changes in the risk of depression in any of the trials. This review was not able to draw conclusions about the role of these techniques in the treatment of asthma due to lack of evidence. Larger, better-conducted and well-reported trials are needed in this area.
We included a wide range of studies in this review, but only a few of them looked at the same issues. The majority of studies were of low quality, which means that we cannot be sure of their results. We found low- and very low-risk of bias in most of the studies. We did find that there was no difference in the number of people who responded to antidepressants and those who did not in terms of the number who dropped out due to any cause. We also found that there is some low- risk of bias for people who took a benzodiazepine (such as codeine) and there is no clear benefit for those who took antidepressants. There is also no clear difference in effectiveness and side-effects for the two groups. The choice of which drug to use in the treatment of people with panic disorder should be based on the results of this review and should be assessed by the individual. Data on long-term side-treatments and side effects should also be considered. Data from the review will be used in a large-scale network meta-analysis, which will help doctors and patients to make a good decision about which drug is best to use. The quality of evidence was low or very low. This is due to the small size of studies and the fact that most of them did not have a high-validation method, which can lead to bias. This means that it is not possible to draw conclusions about the benefit or harm of any of the drugs.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 patients, were included in this review. Three of the trials compared plastic stents to surgery. The risk of death was lower with plastic stent but there was a greater risk of bile duct blockage. There was a trend for a lower risk of dying within 30 days of the end of the trial with the use of a stent. Nine of the 29 trials compared metal to a type of the same type of stent called a polyethylene stent, and found that metal stents were more likely to block the duct and prevent bile from clotting. However, there was no difference between the types of stents in terms of the number of times the stent had to be re-inserted. One trial found that patients with pancreatic carcinoma who had a metal stent were at a lower cost and had a better quality of life than those who had surgery. In patients with short time to death, the patency of the stents may not be as good as for those who have a long time to live. More research is needed to find the best stent type for these patients.
We found five RCTs reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four studies compared ultrasound with palpation, and one with Doppler sound aid. We found that the use of ultrasound to guide the placement of a catheter was better than other types of guidance. We also found that there were less blood clots in the catheters and less chance of a haematoma (a blood clot in a vein) when ultrasound was used. The success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more difficult, than in older children. We did not find any evidence that the first-time success rate was higher with ultrasound than with other techniques, but we did find that there may be a greater chance of success at first attempt with use of this method. We could not tell whether or not there was an effect of the level of expertise in the first time, as it was not clear from our review whether there was any influence of the type of expertise. We rated the quality of evidence for all of the outcomes as low to moderate. This was due to small sample sizes, imprecision in the number of events, and the small size of the studies.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from the Netherlands and one RCT from the US (both from the 1970s and 80s) that looked at the effect of a total ban on all forms of advertising. The RCT found that young men who watched a low-alcohol film drank less than men who saw a film with a high-alcohol content. In the RCT, young men watched a film that had low-risk of bias. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent. All three of the ITS studies looked at whether a ban was placed on the use of adverts for alcohol. In one of these, the total ban was a partial ban. In this study, there was an increase in the amount of beer and wine sold. The number of people who drank 1.10% more per month after the end of the ban. No other prespecified outcomes (e.g. economic loss or harm due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the studies and no harms were found. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or drug industry. There is a lack of good quality, well-conducted and well-monitored research to assess the impact of the effects of the change in the way in which alcohol is sold and marketed.
We found eight randomised trials that compared MCT and low MCT formulas. We did not find any difference in short-term growth, growth, or adverse events. However, there was some evidence that high MCT may be better for babies in the short term. There is conflicting evidence as to how well babies could cope with the use of a high-mCT formula. There was no evidence of an effect on the risk of necrotizing ulcers (NEC), but there were too few infants in the trials to be sure of this. No long-term results were found. More research is needed to find out which of the types of MCT is best for babies.
We found one trial with a total of 34 women. The amnioinfusion was with saline ( saline is a type of fluid that is pumped into the uterus) at a rate of 10 mL per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL perminute, up to the time of birth. All women had an amniotomy (an amnoidomy is a procedure where fluid is pumped through the urethra and into the vagina) and all had antibiotics. We did not find any trials that used the transabdomine method. We found no clear effect on the risk of postpartum endometritis (a type of infection that can lead to pain and pain-like symptoms). Nor was there a clear impact on the rate of infection in the newborn. The risk of caesarean birth was the same in both groups. The study did not report on this review's other key outcome (the death of the baby or the baby’s brain). There was no clear difference in the length of time the babies spent in the neonatal ward, nor in the time spent in hospital. The trial did not give any data about how many babies had a low Apgar score (a test that rates babies’ health) five minutes after birth. The number of women in the control group who had pyrexia (low heart rate) was not reported. There was not a clear effect of the use of antibiotics. There were no data on the number of babies who had a high Apgar (a sign that the baby may have low heart rate at birth) or on the time the baby was in hospitalised. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not this treatment is safe. The evidence in this review is of low-quality. This is due to the small size of the trial and the fact that the women did not know which group they were in. Further trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness of this treatment and to assess the
We found three studies, with a total of 1620 adults, that compared the accuracy of the Mini-Cog to other short-term tests that are used in community settings. However, there was a wide range of results and a lack of consistency in the way that the studies were done. This makes it hard to draw any conclusions about its use in this setting. More research is needed.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (studies in which enrolled adults with an age range from 18 to 65 years of age who had an ADHD diagnosis. We included three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg per day), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg per hour to 70 mg per dose), and mixed amphetamine salts (12.5 mg per month to 80 mg per week). These studies enrolled 2521 adults; most were middle-aged (35.3 years old), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were from the USA, and one study was from both Canada and the USA. Ten of the 19 studies used a cross-over design, which means that participants received one drug and then swapped over to the other drug at the end of the study. The other drugs were guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. Sixteen studies were funded by the drug industry, one was publicly funded, and the other studies did not report their funding sources. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool, and we found no evidence that amphetamine treatment was better than other drugs for reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms, as assessed by clinicians or by the number of people who dropped out of treatment due to adverse events. Overall, we found low- to very low-risk of bias for all of the outcomes. We could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a 'cross-over' design, in which one drug is used after the other in order to reduce the risk of the same drug being used in the same group of adults. We also found that there was no clear
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 811 people with a range of chronic pain. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to the type of pain, the chronic painful conditions, the dose of vitamin D, the co-interventions, and the ways in which they were conducted. Overall, the studies did not show that there was a large benefit from the use of the vitamin D in terms of pain relief. Adverse events (adverse events) were very rare, and there was no clear difference in the numbers of people who dropped out of the studies. Based on this, we are not confident that there is a large effect of the drug in the treatment of all chronic pain, and it is not clear whether it can be used in all patients with a long-term condition.
The aim was to assess the impact of the interventions on patients' health. The review of trials found that the use of a combination of professional and patient-based (patients' and health-care staff's) interventions can lead to improved health outcomes. In addition, the role of the nurse can play a role in patient-oriented interventions, through the provision of advice and support, or by helping patients to take their medicines. The use of patient-focused (health-based) health care can improve the health of people with diabetes, and can improve their health and well- being. There is a need for more research in this area, and more research should be done to find the best ways to improve the care of patients with diabetes.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 1503 women. The trials compared hormonal and intrauterine methods of birth-control in 25 years and younger. The studies included a mean of 301 people. The included trials compared the use of the LNG-IUS to prevent pregnancy in women aged 25 years or younger. Three of the five RCTs compared a LNG to an IUD, and two to a hormonal method that is used in the IUD. The LNG was given in 12, 16, and 20 µg/day dosages. The IUD was the copper T380A. The other three were the levonorgestrel, transdermal, and vaginal rings. The COC and LNG were given in the same dose and the same amount for three years. We found no clear benefit or harm in any of the hormonal methods. In the COC group, a higher percentage of women stopped for 'other reasons' than for 'birth-control' (which may have no effect on the birth-birth rate), but it may not have had an effect on continued use. In three trials that looked at different LNG doses, 75% of the women in each group were still using the method at 6 to 36 months. In one of the trials, women who used the LNG were at least as good as those who did not use the method. In two of the three trials, there was no effect of the dose on the number of women who were still on the method over three years, but the sample was too small for us to be sure of this. We considered the evidence to be of a moderate to low quality. Limitations were due to the small size of some of the studies, and the fact that some studies did not report how they were done.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. The aim of the review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of immunotherapy for the treatment of allergen-based asthma in adults. Eighteen of the 88 trials included in the review were of house mite, 27 were of pollen, 10 were of animal dander, two were of Cladosporium mould, two of latex and six were of other types of allergens. Allergen immunotherapy was compared with inhaled corticosteroids, steroids alone or combined with other treatments. There was a reduction in the use of asthma medicines and in the occurrence of bronchial (bronchial hyper-reactive) episodes. The risk of anaphylaxis (such as a severe allergic event) was not clearly assessed in most of the trials, but it would have been necessary to treat three out of six patients with immunotherapy to avoid one worsening in asthma.
We did not find any new studies for this update. We found six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of biases. Lung-protective ventilators were found to reduce the risk of death at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay. The effects on long-term deaths are not known, although the possibility of a benefit could not be excluded. There was not enough evidence for the long term effects of lung-protection ventilation.
We found 15 RCTs with 1833 participants. We found that the use of isoflurane delayed the time taken to come out of anaesthesia by 3.29 minutes longer than with propofol, and the time to be free of pain was 0.28 minutes longer with sevoflureane. We also found that there was no difference in the risk of side effects with both drugs. The risk of shivers or pain was no greater with both treatments. We did not find that there were differences in the number of people who had shivering or pain with either drug. However, we found that both drugs had the same risk of a tense brain. The findings of our review show that the intravenous technique of using isofol is not better than the inhalation technique. Both drugs have the same risks of side-effects. These results should be viewed with caution. The quality of evidence was low. More research is needed. Researchers should use good methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be large.
This is an update of a review that was first carried out in 2004 and has been carried out by the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. The aim of the review was to assess whether lowering blood pressure in the late stages of life to lower the risk of stroke or stroke-like symptoms (called stroke) in people with high blood pressure who did not have a stroke before. Four trials were found with 15,936 people with a mean age of 75 years and a mean blood pressure of 171/86 mmHg. There is no evidence that lowering blood pressures in the last few years of life can prevent stroke and stroke in people without a stroke. However, many of the people in the studies had high blood pressures at the time of entry to the trials. The results of the trials did not show that treatment with a blood pressure-lowering drug was better than placebo (fake drug) for reducing stroke risk or stroke risk. More than half of the patients on a fake drug had to stop the drug due to side effects in one trial (Syst Eur 1997) and in the other three trials (SHEP 1991) there was no difference in stroke risk between those who received the drug and those who were on a dummy drug (placebo). There was also no difference between the groups in the number of people who developed dementia (Dementia and Alzheimer’s) in the four trials (236/7767 versus 259/7660) and there was not enough information to draw any conclusion from these trials. Quality of life was not assessed in any of the four studies.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with 3474 patients. The trials compared PTCRA/PTCA with angioplasty alone (pTCA alone) in patients with an in-stent re-stenosis. We did not find any evidence that PTCA was more likely to result in a greater risk of major heart events (e.g. myocardial infarction (MI), heart attack, stroke, or death) than PTCAs alone. However, patients were nine times more prone to experiencing a spasm and four times more at risk of a perforation (hole in the heart) and about twice the risk of transient vessel occlusion (blockage of a blood artery). There was no difference in the number of people who had a stent placed back in place after six months. The risk of death was not increased in the group of patients who had PTCR. The quality of the trials was not high, but we could not rule out that some trials had a high risk of bias.
We found three RCTs with a total of 333 adults and children with bronchiolitis. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase daily or twice a day. All three studies were multicentre randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and all were from Italy. The largest study was from a hospital in the US, and the other two were from the same centre in the UK. Adjunctive therapy used salbutamol (an antifungal drug), intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. Overall, nebulized rh DNase did not reduce the length of time spent in hospital and did not increase the number of days in the ICU. In one study, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis (scarring of the lungs caused by a virus caused by respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which can lead to lung collapse and death). There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the proportion of patients who improved after the use of the drug. Adverse events were similar in both treatment groups. These were temporary changes in the amount of redness of the skin, temporary coughs, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea (shortness of breath) and bad taste. The results based on the three included studies in this review did not show that nebulising rhDNases in children under 24 months of age hospitalised with acute broncholitis is of any benefit. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length or improve the number or severity of days spent in the hospital.
We found that there was no difference in the number of deaths between the groups. We found that surgery time was faster in both groups, and that the percutaneous approach was faster than the cut-down femoral artery access method. We did not find any difference in major or long-term adverse events. There were no wound infections in the two groups. One study did not have a large number of patients and did not use a well-known method to prevent bias. One of the studies had few sources of bias. The other study had a good design, but did not report methods that we thought would help us to be sure of its results. The search found one ongoing trial, which we hope will add to the evidence base in the near future.
We found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in the UK and USA trials. The sponge was significantly less effective in both of the trials in the USA trial in the 12-month follow-up. In the USA study, there were 17.4 pregnancies per 100 women for the sponge and 12.8 for the diaphragm. The rates were 24.5 for the spongy and 10.9 for the dummy. The numbers of pregnancies stopped at 12 months in both trials. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although the reasons for stopping use of the sponge were more varied in the two trials. No new trials have been found since the last review. Other trials will be needed to assess the role of spermicides in preventing pregnancy or in causing side effects.
We found six randomised studies for this review. All six of these were in adults with brain tumours that had been surgically removed from the brain. Three of the six studies looked at the use of drugs to prevent or treat the effects of brain tumour-type tumour. The other three looked at ways of treating the effects. There was no strong evidence to support any drug treatment in the treatment of brain metastasis-type brain tumors. However, there is some evidence that memantine may help to prevent brain metastases. There is some support for donepezil, a drug used to improve the function of the brain, in adults who have been treated with cranial irradiation. We found no other non-drug treatments for brain metastats. There were a number of flaws in the way the studies were carried out, which could have had an impact on the results. More high quality, large-scale, well-conducted, and well-reported research is needed.
We found that there was a lack of high-quality evidence for the use of low-level laser treatment in the lip and chin to treat this type of injury. There was some evidence that there may be an improvement in the quality of the results, but it was imprecise and the size of the effect was small. Patients did not report any side effects of the laser treatment. There is a need for more well-designed, large, long-term, randomised and patient-centred trials to assess the effects of surgical, medical and other treatments for this condition. The results of this review should be used to guide the design and conduct of such trials. The included studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. The quality of evidence was very low due to the lack of rigour and imprecision of the findings.
We found that there is not enough evidence from randomised trials to assess the use of a combined oestrogen and progestogen (progesterone and progesterone) treatment for women who have not been able to get pregnant on their own. The use of this treatment has not been shown to be safe or to be effective in terms of the rate of miscarriages. In terms of this review's other results, there was an increased risk of cancer in the uterus in mothers. There was no effect on the risk of death or preterm birth in either group. There were no differences between the groups for other outcomes, such as low birthweight (less than 2500 g), high birthweight, poor growth and growth in the child, problems with the child's genital tract (e.g. scrotum) or other parts of the body, or cancer other than the uterus. There is a need for more research in this field.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. The original review was last updated in 2010. We found 14 studies that met the inclusion standards of the review. Ten of these looked at TCAs, one looked at SSRIs and the other looked at both groups of drugs. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were short-term (6-8 weeks), and most were of short duration. Pooled results from all of the studies showed that TCAs are more likely than placebo to reduce the number of people who drop out of the study due to side effects. The numbers of patients who dropped out due to adverse events for TCAs ranged from 7% to 26% and from 48% to 42% in the SSRI groups. Side effects ranged from 4 to 30 in the TCAs groups and from 20% to 90% for the SSRins. Both classes of drugs are safe and well-treatable.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (4373 patients, 5223 attacks) that compared ibuprofen (400 mg or 200 mg) with a placebo (dummy tablet) or other drugs used to treat migraine. All patients were adults, and the mean age of patients was over 40 years. Ibuproen 400 mg was better than 200 mg for 2-hour pain-free and 24-hour headache relief in about half of patients, but not in about one-third of those who took it. The higher dose was also better than the lower dose for the same number of patients at 2 hours, but at a cost of about half the number of people who had to take it for at least one hour. The lower dose was no better than rofecoxib 25 mg for pain relief at 24 hours. Similar numbers of patients experienced side effects, which were mostly mild and short-lived and occurred at the same rate as with placebo.
We found 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 3497 adults with dry eye. The trials compared OTC artificial tears with each other or with placebo (fake tears) or with no treatment. We were not able to pool the results of the RCTs due to differences in the types of dry eye symptoms, treatments, and measures used. We found that, overall, there was no difference in the effects of OTC tears on dry eye signs and symptoms. However, 0.2% polyacric acid and 1.4% polyvinyl acid-based artificial tears were found to be more effective at treating dry eye in two of the 43 trials. All other OTC tear types either had conflicting results or found no effects. Our review found that OTC ointment may be safe, but not without side effects. We assessed the risk of bias in the trials as high. The quality of the evidence was low due to high risks of bias and poor reporting of the methods used in the studies.
We did not find any randomised studies that compared second-line drugs in patients with HIV who fail first-line HIV drugs with the WHO-recommended regimen. We found one study that looked at whether or not patients who had been on lamivudine for six months were still free of HIV virus after six months. It did not show that there was a difference in the time to HIV-1 RNA suppression (time from the start of the first treatment to the end of the treatment) in the group who had not stopped the drug and those who did not in their later treatments. There were no studies of other drugs that have been used to treat HIV in the past. We do not know if these drugs are safe or if they are better than no drugs. There is a need for more studies in this area.
We found 133 studies involving 844,206 adults. We found that all the tests had a low risk of bias, but the results were not very precise. For the tests we looked at, we found that the upper lip bite test was the most accurate. For difficult laryngoscopy, we could only estimate that the test was more accurate than the other tests. For tracheal intubation, we only found that it was more reliable than the others. For other tests, such as the mouth opening test, we did not have enough data to be sure that they worked. The results of the tests for bedside airway tests do not appear to be very good.
We found that probiotics are safe and can reduce the duration of diarrhoea, although the size of the effect was not clear. Probiotics can be used in conjunction with rehydration and can improve the number of times a day that stool is seen. More research is needed to guide the use of the best probiotics for specific groups of patients.
We found only one study that compared this new form of care with standard care alone. This study included a total of 52 adults with schizophrenia. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The study found that people who received this new approach to care were more satisfied with their care in both the short term (up to six months), and the long term (between six and 12 months), than those in the control group. People in the group of people who were cared for in this way were more likely to engage with other non-inpatients (e.g. family, friends, and carers) and to be in touch with the carers of others. There was a mixed picture of the effects of this new type of care. People who received the new approach were more happy to leave the study, and there was a trend for more people to leave early from the treatment group. The quality of the results was very low, which means that we are not able to draw firm results from these results. The results for the adverse events/events of death were mixed, and favoured the intervention group at 12 months, but with no evidence of a greater risk of death. Skewed results were found for mental state, service use, and costs, and these results are mixed. Further research is needed to find out if there are benefits or harms of this type of therapy.
We found eight studies with a total of 3283 people with fibromyalgia. Five studies (3283 people) compared pregabalin 300 to 600 mg to placebo (a fake medicine) at the start of treatment. Participants were randomised at the time of the study to a pregABalin dose (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg a day) or to a placebo dose (same dose but no medicine) and were assessed after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. The other five (1874 participants) were of a 'classical' design, in which people were randomly put in one of two groups (placebo or an active drug) and had no choice in the dose they were given. A study (177 people) looked at a dose of twice-a-day (daily) or once a day (twice-doubling) of the same dose. A trial (1492 people) tested a daily dose of 600 mg, and found no clear advantage of this dose over the other. A small trial (177 adults) compared a once-dummy dose (nightly or twice-dye) of 300 to 450 mg with twice a day for 13 weeks. A large trial (687 adults) did not find a difference in effect. A short-term (13 or 26 weeks) trial with a different dose (600 mg daily) found no effect on pain. We found that people treated with 600 mg or 300 or 450 mg daily for 13 or 13 weeks had more pain reduction than those who were treated with a fake medicine (about 9% more than with placebo (22% to 24% more), and about 11% more pain relief (39% to 43% more) than with no medicine (high quality of evidence). Pain was reduced by about 30% in about 1 in 10 (1 in 10) more (high and high quality of the evidence) in people with moderate or severe pain due to
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia (high blood pressure) at term) that compared the use of the drug to treat preterm birth with a placebo (dummy drug). The study was at a low risk of bias and did not report on any of this review's prespecified main outcomes. There was no difference in Apgar score (a test of a newborn's growth and development) between the groups, nor in gestational age at birth. However, there were more adverse events (feeling warm and flush) for the mothers in the treatment group. There were no adverse events severe enough to stop the drug. The rate of postpartum haemorrhage was no greater in the control group and caesarean birth was no different. There is not enough evidence to assess the effects of this drug on the brain of the preterm baby.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2010. The aim of the review was to assess whether or not these interventions can help people from Indigenous and non-Indigenous groups to quit the use of drugs and other drugs to help them quit smoking. Only four studies met all of the criteria for inclusion in the review. Two of the studies used a drug to help people to quit, one used a combination of a drug and other types of counselling, one provided support via text message and the other was delivered by doctors who were trained in smoking cessation techniques. The results of this review show that smoking cessation treatment can help some non-indigenes to quit. However, there is not a lot of evidence to back this up. More research is needed.
We found 13 studies (5686 adult patients) that evaluated the use of a PAC in ICUs. All of the studies had a high risk of bias. We found that PAC did not affect the number of deaths in the ICU or in the hospital. We also found that there was no effect on the length of time in ICU, or on the cost of care. However, we found that patients in the PAC group had a shorter time in hospital. There was no difference in the time patients spent in hospital after surgery. Four of the included studies were from the US. We did not find that PAC had an important impact on hospital costs. We rated the quality of evidence from the 13 included studies as high for death and time in intensive care, but low for cost. More research is needed to find out if there are ways to use a PAC that are safe and that can be used in specific groups of patients. Newer, less-invasive tools need to be tested against PAC in patients before they are used in patients.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of venepuncture for blood sampling in term infants. Six randomised studies were found. The use of a sweet-tasted solution (sugar solution) was found to reduce the pain of the procedure. The risk of repeat skin puncture was the same in both groups.
We found only a few randomised controlled studies of poor quality that included 52 women. Only one of the studies reported on wound healing at less than four weeks. There was a trend to favour the use of suturing, however, this was not a clear trend in favour of re-stitching. There were no clear differences in the rate of post-partum pain, or in the risk of dyspareunia (period pain), at the end of one month and six months in the suture and re-suturing groups. One of the trials reported on the numbers of women who had resumed sex by two months, although by six months there was no difference between the two groups. Neither of the other trials reported data on pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the results of the perineal wound; exclusive breastfeeding; or anxiety or depression for the mother. Based on this review, there is currently not enough information to decide whether sutures are better or worse than no sutursing for the management of broken down perineals. There is an urgent need for a large, well-designed and well-conducted randomised trial.
We found 18 studies with 2521 adults and children with flu-like flu symptoms. Most of the trials compared Chinese herbs with antiviral drugs (drugs that block the effects of flu virus) and found that most of the herbs had the same effects as the drugs. Only three trials showed that the herbs may be more effective than the drugs, but the results were not consistent. Most herbs had mild side effects. There was no evidence that any herbs were better than other drugs. However, the quality of the studies was poor. More high-quality studies with large numbers of people and clear reporting of results are needed.
We found 8 studies with a total of 580 people with HD catheters. All of the patients had an HD catheter that was either cuffed or tunnelled. All participants had an angioplasty (surgery to open up the catheter) for a blood clot and were in the trial for at least 48 hours. All studies compared different types of thrombolytic drugs (drugs that kill blood clots) with a placebo (dummy drug) or with no treatment. We did not find any evidence that any of these drugs were better than any other in terms of the amount of time that patients were able to keep their HD cathetes in place and that there was a reduced risk of side effects. There was also no evidence that one drug was better than the other. We found that removing the fibrin sheath and replacing it with a different type of drug was as good as the use of a drug. Catheters that are not blocked by a drug are likely to survive for 14 to 42 days after the drug is stopped. Cathetes that are blocked by drugs are more likely to fail and need to be replaced. There is no evidence favouring any drug over any other for improving the number of days that a patient can keep his or her HD cathedra in place. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have a high risk of bias and may have been influenced by the drug industry. Further research is needed to find the best way to treat HD cathesters that do not block the blood flow.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials (2674 women) that compared the effect of adding a drug to the standard breast cancer treatment with the use of a drug alone. Fifteen trials (20 treatments) looked at the time to progression of the tumour and 11 trials (14 treatments) at time to event. There were no differences in time to death or time to tumour growth between the groups. The addition of one or more drugs to the regimen was found to be an advantage for tumour shrinkage, but did not reduce the risk of dying. The risk of side effects, such as hair loss, nausea and/or vomiting and loss of the white blood cells, was more likely with the added drug.
The aim of this review was to assess the impact of the use of a neonatal neonatal care unit on the risk of dying in the short-term. Ten studies were found that compared a non-nurse-led care home with the ICU. There was no difference in the number of deaths but there was an increase in the length of stay in the neonatal ward. Discharge to other care was reduced for the NLU and patients had more time to be discharged from hospital. There were no major side effects of the care. The cost of care was higher in UK and US-based studies.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 adults with CTS. Two trials compared the use of therapeutic ultrasound with a placebo (dummy treatment). Two studies compared one type of ultrasound with another, and two compared one treatment with one other non-surgical treatment, and six trials compared ultrasound as a part of a multi-component treatment with other treatments (for example, exercise and splint). The risk of bias was low in some of the studies and high in other, with only two studies not clearly describing how the groups were randomised. Overall, there is no clear advantage of one treatment type over the other. There is not enough evidence to say which type of therapy is the best for CTS, or to show that one treatment is better than any other. Most of the evidence was of poor quality. Only two of the RCTs measured short-term quality of life, which is a measure of a patient’s satisfaction with their care. One of these trials found that when compared with a sham treatment (placebo), people who were treated with the ultrasound may be more satisfied at the end of seven weeks. However, losses to follow-up and the fact that there were no losses to the study and that there was a high risk of loss to follow up in one of the participants in this trial in people with both wrists in this study, in this case, suggests that this data should be treated with caution. The other trial, with 60 adults, found that people in the group that was treated with ultrasound plus splint were more satisfied than a splint alone. The study did not show that people were blinded to treatment, but it was not clear if the participants knew which group they had been put in, and it was unclear if the design of the study was well done. Differences between groups in terms of symptoms, function, and brain tests were not large. No studies reported any side effects, but this was
We found eight randomised controlled trials involving 10,000 participants. The active treatments were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a drug that blocks the growth of clots in the heart), simvastat, clofibrate, and conjugate oestrogen. There was no clear effect on the risk of stroke recurrence but there was a small reduction in subsequent heart events in those who had had a stroke or had a prior heart attack. The risk of death from any cause was not reduced by the use of statins. It is not clear whether statins should be used in those with a previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether they should be started soon after their stroke.
The aim of the review was to assess the effectiveness of these types of campaigns. A search for studies was run in May 2012. We found 11 studies that had been carried out in the USA, and compared the results of these campaigns with those of similar-sized, well-planned and well-conducted programmes in other parts of the world. The results showed that such programmes can change the behaviour of adults who use or do not use tobacco, and that they can reduce the number of people who smoke in the UK and USA. There was no clear effect on age, education, ethnicity or gender. However, the length of the programmes and the way they were run may have an effect on the amount of time it took for adults to quit or to quit smoking.
We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. Most of the studies included in this review were of high quality. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that the results of 17 of the 24 studies showed that yoga can improve quality of life and reduce tiredness and sleep disturbances in the short term when compared with no therapy. We did not find any short-term effects on health-quality of life or tiredness or sleep disturbances. We also found that there was no effect on fatigue or fatigue, and no effects on tiredness, fatigue or sleep problems. No study reported any side-effects. Four of the included studies showed moderate-quality results for the use of yoga to treat depression, anxiety and tiredness in people with a range of ages and genders. Three studies showed very low- or low-quality effects on the effects of yoga compared with other types of exercise, and three studies showed no short- or medium-term effect on tired, tired or fatigue. None of the trials provided any information about the safety of the intervention. We are not able to draw conclusions about the long-term effectiveness and safety of yoga for people with chronic fatigue and sleep problems due to the low quality of the available evidence. We recommend that more research is carried out in this area. The quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low. This was due to imprecision due to limitations in the way that some of the results were reported and imprecise estimates of the effect sizes.
We included one study of 125 adults who had surgery to remove all of the tumour from the brain and had a brain tumour surgically resected. Most of the patients had surgery for GBM and were then followed by a course of combined radiotherapy and temozolomide (drugs that kill tumour cells) treatment. The study was at high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure that the results are valid. We found that there may be little or no difference in survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM (48% vs 55% died) and at the end of the study (86% vs 81% died). No other results were found. We did not find any data on the use of other imaging methods. In addition, we found no evidence on the effect of the timing of imaging on the risk of re-opener. We also found no studies on the cost-effectiveness of the different types of imaging. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We found three randomised controlled trials comparing chlorpromazine with metiapine. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. Clinically, there was no clear difference between the two drugs in terms of the number of people who were able to walk and talk at eight weeks. However, the need to compare these drugs seems to be of no use as there were no clear results for any of our other key outcomes. Chlorpromazine was found to be no better or worse than other drugs in reducing the risk of parkinsonism. There were no results for the other key results of the review, such as improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, people’s quality of life, the length of time they were on the drug, their satisfaction with the treatment, the amount of time spent in the hospital, or their use of aggressive or violent treatment. The evidence is of very low to moderate risk of bias. This means that we are not able to draw any conclusions about which drug is the best to use for the treatment of people with schizophrenia.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion. Probiotics were not better than placebo for any outcome measured. The use of nitroimidazole and mesalamine were more likely to reduce the risk of Crohn's recurrence. However, these drugs were more prone to side effects. Azathioprine/6MP was also more than twice as sure to recur as placebo, but had less risk of side-effects. There was no difference in the number of people who had a recurrence of any of the outcomes. There were not enough trials of other drugs to draw conclusions.
We found that there is no difference in effectiveness between the types of psychosocial interventions that are used to reduce the use of drugs and alcohol. We found that people who use drugs and use drugs can be helped to stop or reduce their use of alcohol by a range of short-term and long-term methods. We did not find that brief interventions were better than treatment as usual or that they were more likely to be more effective than other types of interventions. There were no data for the main outcome, the risk of harm caused to a person by drinking alcohol. There was also no difference between groups for any of the other outcomes. We are not sure which is the best way to help people who are using drugs and drink alcohol. This is due to the low quality of the studies and the fact that most of them were small and had some risk of bias.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these were from five studies that had been completed but were not yet published. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day, and the most common dose was 200 to 500 mg. We found no new trials when we searched in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied. All trials claimed to be randomised, but only a few described how they had been conducted. Compared to placebo (injections of a fake drug), quinines reduced cramp occurrence by 28%, cramp duration by 20%, and the number of cramp days by 20%. A large number of people suffered minor side-effects (three times more common with the drug quine) and these were, in most people, mainly related to the stomach. There was no change in the risk of death from the drug. One person had a thrombocytopenia (stroke) while on quine. The main side-side-effects were mild, such as nausea, headache, dizziness, and tiredness, but there were no deaths. There is no difference in side-effect rates with the use of other drugs. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. This means that we are not able to judge the best dose or length of time to treat cramp.
We identified a total of seven randomized controlled trials (406 adults) comparing the use of magnesium to treat muscle cramps. Six of the trials were in people with no known cause of cramps (e.g. older adults) and four were in those with known cause (pregnant or not). Three studies were in pregnant women with leg cramps and one was in a group of people with a known cause but not known cause. Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one. For idiopathic cramps, we found that there was no difference in cramp frequency, or in the duration of cramp (0.01 cramps/week), between the groups. However, there was an 8% drop in the cramp rate in the group of adults who took magnesium. For those with rest cramps we could not be sure if there was a benefit because the results were not consistent across the trials. We found no studies of other forms of muscle cramp, such as in-joint cramps or in-body muscle pain. We did not find any trials of people who suffer from disease-based cramps such as ALS or MS. It is not possible to draw conclusions from the results of the one study of the two groups of adults with the same type of leg cramp. Withdrawals due to side effects were not more common in the people who took placebo than in those who did not. We could not assess the risk of side effects in the studies we included. The studies did not report serious side effects. We rated the overall risk of bias as low for all outcomes. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month home-based, combined strength and aerobic (e.g. walking) training program in 14 people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was not well-designed and had a high risk of bias, which means that participants and staff could not be aware of whether or not the training had been done. The results of the trial showed that people in the training group walked a little further than those in the same group at the end of the six months. Walking distance was 24.0 m. People in the usual care group did not walk further than that distance. Cardiopulmonary function was not improved in the group that did strength training. The strength of the muscles in the arm and leg was similar in both groups. There was no change in muscle strength from the start of the study. The trial did not assess the effect of strength training on the amount of exercise that people do. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included RCT was not large, and the results were imprecise. It is not clear whether strength training is beneficial or not in SMA type 3 people. We need well-planned, large, well-conducted, and conducted RCTs in this area.
We found that surgery may be better in the short-term for pain, weakness and sensory loss in people with spondylosis or myelitis. It is not clear whether surgery is as good in the long-term. We found that patients with mild myelopathies feel subjectively a bit better soon after surgery, but there is no clear benefit in the longer term. There is low to very low risk of bias in both of the two trials we found. Both were small and had serious flaws in the way they were done, which means that we are not sure that they are valid. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the results and our confidence in them.
This is an overview of the research on the use of phone calls for health care. The aim was to find out if telephone calls were helpful in terms of reducing the number of GP's and out-of-hours GP's visits and the need for nurse calls. The review found that telephone calls to GP's were less and there was an increase in return calls. There was no difference in the numbers of GP visits by nurse calls but there were more nurse calls in one of the groups. There were no deaths in the nurse calls group but there was a decrease in the GP's calls. However, there is still a lot of work to be done in this area.
We found 84 trials (22,872 participants) that compared MI with other interventions. Most of these trials were at least four months long, which makes them more likely to have a long-term effect. We found that there were no clear benefits of MI for reducing the amount of or frequency of alcohol use, use of alcohol, or the number of days/week that people drink. We also found no clear effects on binge drinking, binge-drinking, or on other types of risky behaviour. There was no clear effect on drink-driving. We did not find any harms of MI. The effects of MI were too small to be of use to policy or to practice. The quality of the evidence was not strong, which means that any effect could be due to chance (i.e. chance of arriving at the right result by chance) or could be caused by bias (ie, there was a chance of bias in the way that the research was done). The results of this review show that there are no clear results for the use of MI to reduce the amount, frequency, frequency of, or amount of alcohol consumption, or binge or binge drinking. There is no clear impact on the risk of alcohol misuse, binge drinking or other alcohol-related harms.
We found 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2210 adults and children. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most of the trials included in this review were at low or unclear risk of bias, which means that we were not confident in the results. Most were at high risk of selection bias and of bias in the way that they were carried out. We considered most of the results to be of low quality. Most studies did not use a clear method to make sure that people knew which group they were in (e.g. by asking them to put their inhaler on, and if they did, they could not tell whether they had been in the same group), and we could not always tell whether people were in the 'right' group or the 'not good' group. We found that people who were taught to use the correct or good technique were more likely to be in the control group. People who were trained in the use of a range of devices, such as a DVD, to help them use the inhaler properly, were more satisfied than those who were only taught the technique. We did not find that this had an effect on quality of life. We also found that the number of people who showed the right or 'good enough' technique was more useful than how well they used the checklist to check if they had done so. However, we found that this was based on a wide range of methods, and not all of them were as good as the others. We could not be sure that this would be the case for all people. Most people had an asthma flare-up (exacerbation), but we found no studies that looked at this. We were not able to tell whether these were related to the type of treatment they were given. We are not sure if these types of treatments are helpful in the long term for adults or for children. Inhaler technique
We found three trials, with a total of 226 patients, that compared mannitol with placebo (sugar tablet) or no treatment in people with stroke. None of the trials were large, and none of the three included in the meta-analysis were large. All three trials had a small number of patients and were not large in terms of the size of the stroke. We could not be sure whether the use of mannolitol was better or worse than no treatment. There was no difference in the number of people who died or were not found to be alive in the three trials. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. The change in clinical condition was reported in two of the studies, and the change in condition did not differ in the two trials. There is currently not enough data to support the routine use of this drug in the treatment of acute stroke.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. The aim of the review was to assess the effects of D-penicillamine in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Six randomised trials were identified, with 425 patients in the lower dose group and 258 in the higher dose group. All three dose ranges were found to be effective for all outcome measures, including tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessment and ESR. However, the number of people who dropped out of the trials due to adverse events was higher in the high dose group than in the other groups.
We found four relevant trials. All of them used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. Three studies compared the use of Huangqi compound decoctions with a control group that was not treated with chemotherapy, and the fourth study compared the decoce of the same herbs with two other Chinese herbs. All four studies were of low quality. None of the studies reported on the effect of Chinese herbs on side effects. We found that there was a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count), and an increase in T-lymphocyte subgroups (cells that are part of the body's white blood cells) in patients treated with Huangqi. We did not find any evidence of harm. However, due to the limitations of the trials, we are not sure if the results are valid. We need more high quality, well-designed, randomised controlled trials to assess the effects of the Chinese herbs, Astragalus spp., as in Huangqi, on the side effects of chemotherapy.
We included three RCTs in this review. The three trials included a total of 866 adults with RP aged four to 55 years. All participants had RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One RCT evaluated vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial assessed DHA and VA versus VA. None of the trials had a protocol, so it was not clear how the trials were done. All three trials were graded as low risk of bias. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to differences across the trials in terms of the type of treatment, length of time since the end of the trial, and the number of patients in each group. The mean change in the mean size of the field of vision from the start of the study at one year was not reported in any of the three trials. No adverse events were found in these studies. No trial reported a benefit of VA or VA on the rate of loss of visual field or loss of depth of field. Two of the studies did show that the ERG amplitudes (the size of a person’s eyesight) were slightly greater in some subgroups of patients, but these results have not been found in any other trials. There is no clear evidence that VA and/or DHA may be helpful for people with RP. In the future, researchers should take into account the changes in ERG sizes and other measures from the three studies included in this study, in order to be sure that they have found a difference between groups.
We included three RCTs with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of the participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in a number of ways: firstly by assessing work changes or change in work, and then by giving advice and/or guidance to the work staff. The duration or dose of the treatments ranged from two 1.5-hour and six to eight sessions over five months. One of the trials was supported by a grant from the Rheumatoid Arthritic Arches (RA) and the other by grants from Rethink rheumatology (RI). The trials were small and had a high risk of bias. We found very low to very low quality evidence for all three of the outcomes. Of the two trials that looked at job loss, one had a large effect on job loss in both groups. The other had a small effect and the last had a very wide effect. The latter one was not well run and we judged it to be of a high bias. The one large trial looked at work loss and found that there was a large reduction in work loss. However, it was not clear if there was an effect on work loss or not, and the results were uncertain. Also, the one trial looking at work functioning found improvement in the short term (six months) in both the small and large groups. We identified no adverse events in the published studies. We assessed the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be a very low-quality evidence for the three outcomes. The quality of the results was very low for all of the three reported outcomes. This means that we are very unclear about the true effect of the interventions.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 285 preterm preterm infants (140 had arginine in their blood) from three countries. We assessed the quality of evidence as good. We found that the risk of NEC (any stage) was lower in preterm neonates who were treated with arginin than in those who were not. The risk of death due to any cause was not increased in either group. We noted no differences in the number of babies who died due to NEC (stage 1, 2 or 3) or any cause. We did not find any side-effects of the treatment. The number needed to treat for an effect on NEC stage 1 or 2 was 6, and 6 for NEC stage 3. We rated the overall quality of the evidence as high. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017.
We included four trials with a total of 1943 adults with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and compared INCS with placebo or no treatment. The rates of loss to treatment were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials, we found that people receiving INCS were more likely to have their symptoms resolved or improve than those treated with a fake drug (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a much greater effect on improving symptoms (400 µg vs 200 µg) and there was no difference in the drop-out rate (recurrence) for the two groups. The risk of recurrence was the same in both groups. No major side-effects were found in the four trials. The review found that INCS is a safe and effective treatment for the treatment of people with an unconfirmed, non-life-long sinus infection.
The use of prophylactic vancomycin reduced the incidence of both total neovirus sepsis in the neonate and coagulase and staphylococcal (blood-clot-disease) in the preterm infant. There was no difference in the length of time spent in hospital between the groups. The methodologies of these trials may have contributed to the low rate of sepsise in the treated groups, as the blood cultures from the infusate may have been too small to grow due to low levels of the antifungal drug in the blood. There is no evidence that there is a risk of the growth of a new type of drug, that is, a drug that can be used to treat a disease that has not been caused by the drug.
The aim of this review was to assess whether the choice of dressing or dressing for wounds that had been cut with a scalpel (such as the wound on the leg) after an amputation (surgery) affects the healing of these wounds. We found 13 trials on the use of dressers or dressers for wounds healed by the skin after surgery. A plaster cast was found to help wounds heal more quickly in people who had had their leg cut off. There was no evidence that foam was better than gauze in terms of pain, cost or time spent in hospital. A single trial of aloe vera added to gauze may have delayed wounds from the start of treatment. This is not clear from the results of this trial as there was a large loss to follow up. The length of hospital stay was no greater in the group treated with foam than in those who had a plaster cast. One trial found that plaster casts increased the time it took for wounds to heal when applied to the leg with elastic compression. The choice of dresser was not reported in all trials. The quality of the trials was poor and we were not able to draw any conclusions from them. Foam appears to be the best choice for dressing wounds when gauze is not an option.
We found 11 trials that included 1482 women. Four trials looked at the use of oral birth control pills (COCs), and three looked at an intrauterine system (IUD) that has no hormones. We found two trials of progestin-only pills and two of the etonogestrel implant. Older studies often lacked quantified results. Most studies did not show that any of the methods had an effect on the length of time that women breastfed, the size of breast milk, or the growth of the infant. For the same reason, we did not find that any hormonal method was better than any other. For breast milk volume, two studies showed that the COC group had less breast milk than the control group. One of these did not report the amount of milk that was breastfed. The other study did not describe the type of breastfeed. For breastfeeding duration, two of eight trials showed that a COC may have had a negative effect on lactation. A COC study showed that breast milk was less than in the group that did not use the method. Another trial showed a lower rate of women in the LNG-IUS group who were not on an IUD of the same type at 75 days, but no difference at one year. For growth, one study showed a greater weight gain for the estrel-release implant group but less for the no method group for six weeks. Of four trials that looked at growth, three showed no difference between groups. Of the others, one showed more weight gain with the implant method but less with the other. The quality of the evidence was low for three of four trials of COCs or POPs. The results were not consistent across the 11 trials.
We found 10 studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA that looked at the use of red-light cameras for the control of total and right-angle crashes. Most studies did not adjust for RTM or spillover effects, which could have had an effect on their results. The results showed that red-light cameras are an effective way to reduce the total number of deaths and injuries, but the results are less clear on the risk of other types of crash, such as the number of people who are injured or who are not injured, or who have a head-on crash (spillover). Most of the studies were of poor design and had a high risk of bias, which can affect the results. Larger and better studies are needed to find out how well these cameras work, and if they are safe.
We found four trials involving 494 participants. Three of these trials, with 383 patients, showed that a 10-mg warfarin dose was more effective than a 5-mg dose in patients with VTE. One of the trials also showed that the higher dose was better in reducing the risk of bleeding at 14 to 90 days. The other three trials did not show a benefit. No clear difference was found in the number of patients who had a blood clot in the leg at 90 days when the 10 mg dose was used to compare with the 5 mg dose. There was no difference in the length of time that patients were in hospital, but there was a greater chance that one or more of the patients would need to be treated for the other to achieve a low-risk INR. There were no clear benefits of the higher dosage of 10 mg for patients with DVT or PE aged 18 years or older. There is a lack of data on the best dose of 10- mg or the lower dose in terms of blood clot-dissolving drugs.
We found that some of the interventions used in the trials may reduce the risk of delirium and reduce the length of time spent in hospital for people with dementia who have had a hip fracture. However, we found that there were only a few trials, and we could not be sure of these results. We did find that some treatments may lead to a shorter time in the hospital. There were no data from any of the trials for our other main outcomes. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one part of the way that they were conducted. This means that their results may not be valid. We could not draw any conclusions about the best way to care for older people who have been treated for a hip or leg fracture. Determining the optimal way to treat and care for this group of people should be a high priority.
We found that home-based care does not reduce the length of time a child needs to be in the hospital, nor does it lead to a drop in the rate of admission to hospital. Home care was found to be more costly for service providers in some studies, but there were some cost-savings for the family in one study. There was no evidence that home care had a harmful effect on the health of the child. More research is needed to find out if home care can be a safe and good way to care for children with a range of illnesses.
We found 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing ICM versus non-ICM and ICM with no ICM in 7524 adults and children with a range of mental health problems. We found that ICM may be more effective than standard care in reducing the number of days spent in hospital, and in the average time spent in the ICM. ICM is also more likely to reduce the risk of death by suicide, and to increase the chances of people being able to leave the trial early. There was no effect of ICM on people’s risk of relapsing. We also found that the more an ICM group adheres to the case-based care (ACT) model, the better it is at reducing time in hospital. We are not sure whether ICM has an impact on the risk or impact of re-offending. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for most of the outcomes. This means that we are not confident in the results.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. The search is up-to-date as of February 2015. We found 25 trials that compared box model training versus no training in a total of 464 trainees with no previous laparoscopy. All but one trial had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way the trial was run and the way it was run). The other trials had a low risk of systematic errors (bias) and play of chance (random errors) as they did not use methods that could be used to minimise the risk of arriving at wrong results. The time taken for the trainee to complete the task was 0.48 seconds shorter in the box model group than in the control group (8 trials; 249 trainees; 95% CI -0.48 to 0.22). The time to finish the task also had a lower error score (3 trials; 69 trainees, 73% of whom had no prior laparoscopic experience), a greater accuracy score (i, e.g. the number of times the trainees were able to perform the task correctly), and a greater number of points on a scale of 0 to 100. The number of trainees who achieved the task on the first attempt was the same in both the box and the control groups in the remaining three comparisons. There was no difference in the time taken to complete a task in the other three comparisons (reverse alignment versus forward alignment box training; box trainer suturing compared with box trainer drills; and single incision compared with multiport box training). The only trial that measured accuracy score found that box training improved accuracy by more than U-maze box training (1 trial; 16 trainee, 16% of the total number of participants). None of the other secondary outcomes such as death or morbidity were reported in the trials when animal models were used for
We found that there is no evidence to support the use of peroral glucocorticostoids for primary sclerosing cholangitis. There is a need for more research in this area. The use of nasobiliary tube for the treatment of patients with this type of sclerose disease is not recommended.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. A total of 11 trials were found that addressed the question of whether feeding patients who are critically ill before the end of the first week of life may be better off than those who are fed later. Data on death was available for all trials (284 participants). The risk of death was 0.67 (95% CI 0.41 to 1.07) for those who were fed before the first day of life, and 0.66 for those fed later (range 0.50 to 2.11). There were no deaths in any of the trials. There were also no deaths with parenteral versus enteral feeding in one trial. There was no information on death in the other trials.
We found 57 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The main sources of bias were from attrition from the studies and from the fact that participants knew if they were in the study or not. Forty one RCTs (19,241 people) provided the main results for the meta-analysis. We found that people who were in a RCT were less likely to drink at the end of the study. People in the control group drank about one drink per week less than those in the RCT. Fifteen studies (10,862 people) showed that people in the group of people who did not have an RCT had less than one drinking day per month, 15 studies (3587 participants) showed one binge drink session less per month in the treatment group, and in 15 trials (9791 people) people had one drink less per day less than the group that had no RCT than in the other. Five studies (390 people) found that there may be little or no effect on the amount of alcohol people drink when they are in a face-to-face setting. There was no difference in the number of drinks people drank per week in the groups that did and did not use the same methods. Thus, there are no clear benefits or harms of the use of these methods. Only five small trials (390 participants) compared people who had an intervention with a computer and those who had not had one. There were no differences between the groups in terms of how much they drank. The BCTs of goal-setting, problem-solve, and credible source were found to be linked to the effect of the intervention. The studies did not look at whether there were any side effects of the methods. We rated the quality of evidence from studies using 'BCTs' from 1 to 22. A BCT is a type of BCT and is an average of three drinks per week
We found 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepine and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 people were randomly put into one of three arms in three-arm trials. We assessed the quality of the studies as poor. We rated all of the trials as at a high risk of bias. We judged 20 of the 24 trials to have at least one problem with their methods that could lead to bias. Our results showed that the number of people who had a response to treatment was 1.65 in favour of benzodiazepine. This means that 1 in 65 people would need to be treated with a drug to have one person to be cured. The dropout rate was lower in the group of patients who were not treated with the drug. We also found that people who were on a drug were slightly less likely to drop out due to side effects than those on a placebo. However, we found that the risk of side effects was much higher in the people treated with drugs than in the control group. The results for the other outcomes were the same. We found that there was no difference in the number who were able to function in the same way as those who were given a drug or a fake drug. The quality of evidence was low for both of these outcomes. This is due to problems with the design of the study and the small size of the results. The studies did not look at the long-term effect of the drugs and did not assess the risks of dependence or the risks from the use of drugs. The included studies were short-term, which means that we do not know if they will be of any use in the long term. The choice of the drug should be guided by the patient's choice and should balance the risks and harms from the drugs in a long term perspective. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw conclusions about the best treatment for people with
We identified 13 trials (1520 participants randomised) that compared tai chi with no intervention. Most studies were short-term (one year or less) and included only healthy adults. There was no long-term data on the risk of CVD (death from any cause), but there was some data on CVD risk factors (blood pressure, lipid levels and blood lipids) which showed that tai-chi may reduce the risk for CVD. We did not find any clear effect of tai Chi on risk of heart attack or stroke. We found that there was no clear evidence of a change in blood blood pressure, but this could not be ruled out as the studies were too short. Three of the trials found that lipid levels were lower with tai chi, and two found that total and LDL-C were lower. We also found that HDL-C was higher with the intervention. None of the studies looked at adverse events, costs or risk of the onset of type 2 diabetes. Tai chi should not be used to treat CVD due to the lack of evidence and the small size of studies. More longer-term studies are needed.
We included 27 RCTs in this Cochrane review. The age of the children included in the studies ranged from 11 to 14 years old and the age of children at the start of the study from 6 to 18 years old. The interventions were very heterogeneous in the types of family intervention, the other risk behaviours that were targeted alongside tobacco and the length of the follow-up. Most of the interventions were delivered in the form of a school-based programme. The studies were carried out in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell in one of two main groups: no intervention or 'usual care' (i.e. care as usual for the child and her family) delivered to all children in the school. The other group was a school 'good behaviour' (where the children are taught to behave well in school) programme that was provided to all the school-aged children. We were not able to combine the results from all of the RCT studies in a way that would allow us to analyse them in a meta-analysis, but we found that family-based programmes had a greater effect on preventing children from starting to smoke than a control group that did not receive any intervention. Based on this, we would expect that out of 1000 non-smokers who received a high intensity intervention, there would be 4810 children who would not have smoked by the end of three years, to be about 16% less likely to start to smoke. There was no difference in the number of children who started to smoke in the high intensity group compared to those who did not. There were more studies of high intensity programmes than there were of other types of programmes. The results were similar for the medium and low intensity groups, but the results were not as clear because of imprecise. The quality of evidence was moderate for all interventions. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of
We found three studies with a total of 451 adult cancer patients. Two of the studies (51 and 280 participants) compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third (127 patients) compared a range of corticosteroids in a number of combinations. The duration of the trials ranged from seven to 14 days. We found that corticostimulant drugs (excess corticoids) given in the form of a tablet with a dose of at least 50 mg per day were no more or no less likely to cause nausea than a placebo tablet at eight days. However, this result was not clear-cut. Adverse events were not more frequent in the corticoid group than in the control group, and frequency of side effects was the same in both groups. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of the drugs on the number of days patients had to be on a ventilator, or the length of time they were on ventilators. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low due to imprecision, small size, and risk of bias.
We found 10 RCTs of high-risk children who were at high risk of developing LRTIs. Three of these included HIV-infected children (n = 1345), four cystic fibrosis, four sickle cell and four cancer. The duration of the studies ranged from seven days to three years. We could not assess the risk of bias in three of the trials in children with HIV and one in low birth weight newborns with lung disease. We were not able to assess the risks of bias for the other studies. In HIV infection, there was no difference in the number of deaths with the use of co-trimoxazole (a drug used to treat lung disease) or isoniazid (a treatment to prevent the spread of infection) compared with no treatment. There was no change in the rate of side effects. In the one small study of children with cancer, the risk was not increased with use of antibiotics, but there was a decrease in the risk for pneumonia due to antibiotics. In low birth-weight newborns, there were no changes in the frequency of side events. There were no differences between groups in the rates of heart and lung disease or in the need to be admitted to hospital. In two of the three trials of the high risk group there was an increased risk of the pathogen Pseudomonas aureus (a virus that can cause blood infection) in one of the children, but not in the other. We are not sure if this was due to use of the drug azithromycin, or if it was caused by other drugs. There is a need for more studies in this area. The quality of the evidence was not high for all outcomes.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of room air or room air to establish a 'pneumopneumonium' (pneumostomy) in people undergoing laparoscopy. We found that room air may lead to less pain and lower costs for the first postoperative day. We did not find any adverse events. There was not enough evidence to say whether room air was safe or not. One trial of a very low-risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way the trial was run and the way it was conducted) found that people who received room air had less pain than those who had room air. There were no serious adverse events, and there was no difference in the number of people who had a heart attack, stroke, or other type of stroke. The quality of the evidence was very low. We rated the risk of bias as low, which means that there may have been errors in the design of the study that could affect the results. We could not combine the results from all the trials, but we found that there were problems with the way some of the trials were run, which could have led to bias. We were not able to draw conclusions about the safety of nitrous oxide, helium, and room air in the setting of a pneumopneumoneum. More research is needed.
We found 14 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared the dose and timing of corticosteroids given to preterm infants. Eight of these RCTs compared a high dose with a low dose and five compared a low with a moderate dose. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. We found that giving a lower dose of dexamethasone to babies born preterm was more likely to cause BPD than a high dosage. The risk of BPD was also increased when the dose was lower than the dose given. We did not find a clear advantage of a low versus a high steroid dose. We also found that there was no difference in the risk of death or BPD when using a high or a high-dosage dose. There were no differences in outcomes between a moderate and a low steroid dose, and there were no effects on long-term brain development. Four other studies, enrolling 762 preterm babies, looked at whether giving corticostoids too soon or too late, was the best way to treat BPD in preterm preterm newborns. The studies did not show a clear effect of the dose of steroids given. Finally, we found no clear effects of the type of steroid used. The quality of the evidence was assessed as low or very low for all comparisons. This was due to the small number of infants in each of the included RCT and differences in the design of the studies. Also, the number of newborns in each study was too small to draw any firm conclusions about the best dose of steroid and the best time to give it. A large, well-designed RCT is needed to establish the best steroid dose for preterm neonates to prevent BPD.
This is an update of a review published in 2001 that compared the use of corticosteroids (e.g. prednisone, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, corticotrophin and prednisolone) versus aspirin, placebo, or no treatment. Eight trials with 996 people were included in this review. The trials were conducted from 1950 to 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final one was in 2001. There was no difference in risk of heart disease after one year in people who were treated with corticostoids compared with aspirin. However, the age of most of the studies was too old to permit a clear assessment of the effects of steroid drugs on heart disease. The risk of adverse events was low in all of the trials, but the three trials that did report on adverse events were of high risk of bias, so results should be viewed with caution.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two of these found that the use of insecticide spray reduces the number of flies that cause trachoma. However, one study did not find this to be effective. One of the other trials found that another measure, latrine provision, was more effective in the control of flies but this was not shown in the other two trials. Health education was shown to be an effective measure in one of the studies but not in the others. There is a lack of evidence to show that any of the aspects of the way that people use the latrine to prevent flies from getting to the trachea is effective.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2010 and has been updated in 2013. Fifteen studies (1043 people with CFS) were included in the review. CBT was found to be effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment, and may be more effective than other types of psychosocial therapies. The results were not consistent at follow-up. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in the use of CBTs in the treatment of CFS.
We found only one study that was of moderate to low risk of bias. The participants were randomised to take either a form of vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) (n = 20) or a fake drug (placebo) for six weeks. They were followed up to six months. Only 25 of the participants completed the full six months of follow up. The study did not have a high dropout rate and had a high risk of being at bias. Compared to the fake drug, the vitamin D group had higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels (which is a type of vitamin) at eight weeks; at 16 weeks; and at 24 weeks. The quality of evidence was moderate. There was no difference of side effects (such as tingling of lips or hands) but there was low-risk of side events such as headache, dizziness, tiredness, nausea and muscle pain. The health-related (e.g. quality of life) and pain days were similar in the two groups, but this was not clear at eight, 16, or 24 weeks of treatment. However, there was a difference of 12.56 and 15.52 points on a 10-point score for pain days, which was found at both 16 weeks and 12.59 points on the 20-point scale. We judged the quality of the evidence for this to be low. We included one low-quality, randomised study which was at high risk for bias. Therefore, we do not think that the evidence from this one study is of high quality. More high-quality studies are needed.
We found only one RCT, conducted in Australia, which included 26 children aged 4 to 12 years. The children had mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause. Treatments were delivered in one-hour sessions four days a week for three weeks in a clinic in the English language. Speech and language pathologists gave the treatment in the form of a rapid-surgical speech therapy (NDP-3) or a slow-sustained speech treatment (ReST) in English. Both the NDP-3 and ReST were given for one month and one month only. A number of people in each group had to restart treatment by their speech and speech pathologist at one month post-treatment, and so we were not able to analyse the effects of the treatments to four months after the end of the study. Both treatments showed an effect on word accuracy, which is a test of how well the words sound when they are made clear in speech, as well as consistency in how well they sound when repeated three times. Speech production consistency is the process of making sure that words do not sound the same as those not used in the same way. ReST showed an improvement in the number of real words that were made clear when they were treated and those that were not, but was not found to be as good as the other treatments. There was no evidence that either of the two treatments was better than the other. We judged all core outcomes to be of low risk of bias. We are not sure if one treatment is more or less good than another, as we only found one small study. We were unable to say whether one of the treatment was superior to the other, as there were too few patients in the one study. No trial was funded by a grant from the government of Australia. More RCTs are needed, in other age groups and groups of people with CAS and with co-occurrence of other disorders.
We found four randomised trials that included a total of 268 people with toxoplasmosis of the retina. All participants were adults. One study was from Brazil and was judged to be at a high risk of bias due to the way in which it was conducted. The other three studies were from the UK and were at a low or no effect due to poor reporting. One trial in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim to no treatment. In this trial all people had active retinochoroiditis and were treated for 45 days with antibiotics. In the last study in Brazil, all patients had been treated with antibiotics for 12 months. There is no good evidence that this leads to any improvement in the results of eye tests. Only the study in the US in adults, in which all had healed lesions, reported the effect of treatment on vision. There may have been a similar change in visual acuity at one year in the group that was treated with pyrimethamine as in the other three groups. The UK study in adults showed that there was a reduction in eye inflammation in the treated group. The last UK and US studies showed an increase in the risk of eye swelling in the control group. Two studies (UK and US) found an increased risk of adverse events in the people who were treated. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leukocyte, and platelet count, and rash. There was also a drop in the number of white blood cells, nausea, loss of weight, rash, and rashes. The US and UK studies did not report on side effects, but in both UK and UK participants there were more side effects in the treatment group. None of the three other trials found any side-effects. We judged the evidence to be low or very low quality. The main reasons for this were that there were few events, and that not all people in the trials had a clear outcome.
We found 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of nails to fix the bone to the bone in the hip or thigh. The nails were compared with other types of implants, such as the hip screw, the fixed nail plate or the hip nail. We found that nails were better than the fixed angle plate for some types of trochanteric fracture. There was no clear difference in the risk of wound infection, death or the length of time that patients spent in hospital. The hip screw was more likely to cause a bone break and to require reoperations. There were no clear benefits of the nail on its own. However, there were more problems with the nail than with the hip screws. There is not yet enough evidence to say which is the best type of nail for fixing the bone. More research is needed to find out which of the three types of nail are the best.
We found only low quality evidence comparing palliative surgery and surgery. We found that women who had surgery had a greater chance of survival than those who received a drug to treat the obstruction (Octreotide) and that the risk of death from any cause was lower in the group who received surgery. However, the results were not clear and we were not able to draw any conclusions about which was the best treatment for each group. We also found that there was weak evidence in support of the use of surgery to prolong the life of patients.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 244 women with PCOS. Two trials (184 women) compared simvastatin with placebo and one trial compared atorvastat with placebo. There was no good evidence that the use of statins (alone or in combination with the pill) could improve the number of times a month that a woman had a period, or the rate of ovulation. Nor was there any effect on body mass weight (BMI). However, there was some evidence that statins could improve testosterone levels in the blood. No serious adverse events were found in any of the included RCTs. There is a need for more research to be done with large sample sizes and to assess the effect of these drugs on the outcomes.
We found no randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of these palliative treatments. We found no new studies since the last version of this review. There is a need for a trial to assess the benefits and risks of pleural control of bleeding in women with cancer. The choice of treatment will also have to be based on the need for local resources. Radiotherapy is the standard of care in most of the world, but it is not widely available in low- and low-resource-poor settings.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of the drug temozolamide in the treatment of GBM tumours. Three RCTs were identified, enrolling a total of 745 patients in total, that looked at the effects of the drugs on survival and time-to-progression (TTP) of the tumour. Temozolomide was found to be more effective than other drugs in terms of OS and PFS in patients with GBM who were given either a combination of radiotherapy alone or in addition to it. It did not seem to have a clear impact on QoL. In GBM with HGG, two trials found that the drug did not increase OS or time to TTP but it did increase PFS. Adverse events were similar in both arms. In the older age group, the effects on OS and time to progression were not different in the two large trials of 664 patients in the HGG group. A single RCT in the GBM group did not find that the drugs had an effect on QOL.
We found that there is low quality evidence that contracting-in may improve health care use and the use of public health care facilities and that training of health care managers (e.g., in-service workshops with on-site support) may improve their work. However, there is not yet evidence about whether these types of programs are effective in the long-term in terms of improving health care outcomes. There is no good-enough evidence to draw conclusions about the effects of other ways of retaining health care staff.
We found three randomised studies that involved 123 people. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups (risk ratio (RR) 0.56, 95% CI 0.13 to 2.42) but the sample size was too small to show a difference. Out of the 123 patients, six died. The causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, septic shock, and infection. Among the patients who had surgery, there was a decrease in the risk of chest pain, chest deformity, and tracheostomy. The length of time spent in the ICU and length of stay in ICU were measured in the three studies. We could not combine the results of the studies due to differences in the way the results were reported. There is some evidence from three studies that show that surgery is better than no surgery in the short- and long-term. More well-designed, large-scale, and well-reported studies are needed to confirm these results and to find out if there is an effect of surgery on death.
We found 50 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing cerivastatin with other drugs in 12,877 adults who had their LDL and lipid levels measured. The trials lasted three to 12 weeks. The participants were of any age with and without heart-disease risk and the trials were of short-term (three to 12 week) duration. We found that the risk of stopping the drug due to side effects (withdrawals) was not different in 11 of 19 RCTs. The risk of dropping out of the trials due to adverse events was not more than twice the risk in the other three drugs. We also found that when the drug was given at a dose of 0.025 mg/day to 0.8 mg, people had lower LDL, total and triglyceride levels in the blood. We did not find any effect of the drug on HDL (good-cholesterolemia), but there was a 5% increase in the HDL levels. We judged the quality of the studies to be high.
We found 28 randomised studies involving 6851 patients. Most of the studies were at low risk of bias (low risk of systematic bias) for most of the outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We found that there was no clear benefit of remote ischaemic preconditioning by iliac clamping in reducing the need for dialysis, the length of time spent in hospital, or the risk of death after surgery. There was no difference in serum creatinine levels, adverse events, need for the use of a dialysis machine, length of hospital stay, or all-cause death. The risk of serious adverse events occurred in four out of 100 patients in the control group. It is not clear whether the method leads to more adverse events compared to control, as the certainty of the evidence is low. The use of the AKIN was found to be more effective than the RIFLE method in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery in which a blockage of the blood flow to the kidneys may occur. The AKIN may have improved the incidence of acute kidney injury compared to the control method. Overall, we found that the available data does not confirm the effect of the method in the reduction of risk of kidney injury after heart and blood vessel surgery. However, it appears to be a safe method.
We found 12 trials with 703 people with stroke. Eight of these trials (244 people) investigated the effect of treatments to treat fatigue after stroke, of which six trials with a meta-analyse (combine of results) showed that there was no effect of any of the drugs or non-drug treatments. Four of the trials (248 people) looked at treatments to prevent fatigue, but none of them showed any benefit. None of the other four trials looked at the use of drugs to treat other symptoms after stroke. There was not enough evidence to say whether any of these treatments are safe or effective. Some of the treatments described could be helpful in some patients, but they are small and have a high risk of bias. More large, well-designed studies are needed.
This is an overview of the evidence from randomised controlled trials of the use of drugs to treat high blood pressure in preterm preterm babies. We found three small trials (74 preterm infants, with a mean age of less than 28 weeks of age) that were of uncertain quality. All three trials were very small with very low risk of bias. In one study (Malone 1991), the combination of insulin and glucose was found to be better than rectal cation-resin for all cause deaths. In the other studies (Hu 1999 and Singh 2002), albuterol inhalation was better than saline (saline is saline that has no salt in it) in reducing the risk of haemorrhage in the brain (intracranial bleedage) and serum K+ (the amount of blood in the blood that is pumped around the body at the right ventricles) at four hours and eight hours after the start of treatment. No differences were noted in other clinical outcomes. No serious side effects were noted with either the treatment with insulin and sugar or with albutersol (a drug used to treat low blood pressure) or both. It is not known whether other drugs are better or worse than either insulin or glucose or both in terms of effectiveness or side effects. Further research is required to answer this question.
We included trials that compared IVIg with PE in children and adults. We found that, in children with a severe form of PE, IVIG was as effective as PE for improving the severity of the disease. There was no difference between the two treatments in terms of the number of people who improved on a seven-grade disability scale. There were no differences in the other measures we considered. Also, there was no clear difference in the length of time it took for people to be able to walk, run, sit, sit or swim. There is no clear benefit from the use of PE in people with mild disease. However, there is some low- to moderate-risk of side effects with both treatments. The main outcome for this Cochrane review, available for one trial with 21 children, was improvement in the disability grade. After four weeks, people in the IV group had improved 1.42 points more than those in the PE group. In one of the other trials, the mean grade improvement was 0.2 (95% CI -0.14 to 0.54) more in the combined IV and PE treatment than in PE group but again, this was not clear. In the other three trials, there were no major side-effects. The IV group did not have more adverse events than the PE one, but was much more likely to be completed than PE. One trial in 51 children did not show benefit when the IV was given over two days rather than five days. A previous Cochrane study has shown that PE hastens the time taken for people with PE to get well. In adults, there are no good-quality trials in this area. There are no trials in children, but there is low-to-low quality research in mild disease and in adults. More research is needed in mild patients and in those who have not had the disease for more than two weeks. Dose-ranging (where the IV is given in a single dose
We found 28 trials with a total of 9330 participants. In 21 of these trials, 7597 patients were randomly assigned to a high fraction of oxygen (60% or more) or to a routine fraction (30% or less) of oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery. The risk of dying from any cause was not increased by the use of a high amount of oxygen. There was no difference in the risk of death due to any cause in the longest follow-up and in the first 30 days after surgery in trials with low risk of bias. The use of high airway pressure was not linked with a greater risk of respiratory insufficiency, serious adverse events or length of time spent in hospital. In nine trials that used pre-antibiotics prior to surgery, there was a lower risk of surgical site infection in those who received a high dose of oxygen compared with those who did not. We did not find evidence that a high rate of oxygen was associated with an increased risk of surgery site infection. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes, and further large, long-term studies are required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (3663 children) covering a range of treatment options (antibiotics) for OME in children up to 16 years. Most of the studies were of moderate to low risk of bias. We found that children treated with antibiotics were more than twice as likely to have OME that had been resolved by two to three months after the start of treatment. We also found that there was an increase in the chance that OME would be completely resolved at any time point. However, we found that some of these children may be more prone to diarrhoea, a rash and/or a mild skin rash. We did not find that the use of oral antibiotics had an effect on short-term or long-term hearing. There was no effect on the risk of needing to use a ventilator (tube) and there was no data on speech, language and language development. There were no studies that looked at the impact of antibiotics on other outcomes, such as speech, speech, and language. The use of antibiotics to treat OME needs to be weighed up with the need to take account of the risks of side effects and the effects on the body’s bacteria, which are known to be linked to the spread of bacteria that can cause harm.
This is an update of a review that was first done in 2004. We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in patients with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The RCTs compared a low-pregnant LPD with a control group that did not have a LPD. The LPD group was followed for six months and the control group for three months. The results show that LPDs appear to reduce the risk of death from any cause. However, there was no effect on quality of life or costs. Further longer-term research on large groups of people with both types of diabetes and different types of LPD is needed.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 adults with ABI. Twelve of these were of good quality and the other seven were of low quality. Most of the participants had a mild brain injury, and most of them made a good recovery when they were followed-up for a while. For people with mild brain injuries, those who are still in hospital and who need to be seen by a nurse for a short time can be helped to make a good start to recovery with the use of information and advice. Those who are not in hospital can be followed up so their needs for treatment can be assessed. For patients who are in hospital with mild injuries, people who need a short-term hospital stay can help to make gains in their recovery if they are treated in the short term in the community. For those with a moderate to severe brain injury who are already in the hospital, more intensive programmes lead to greater gains in the long term, and those who remain in the in-patient setting may be able to keep the gains made in the acute care setting. The balance in terms of the cost-effectiveness of treatments has yet to be found. Not all treatment questions in ABI can be addressed by randomised studies. For example, we do not know which treatments work best for which type of ABI, or for how long, nor do we know which models of care are the best for people with a long-term need for care. In the future, large, well-conducted trials will help to answer these questions. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of March 2013.
We found one randomised trial (involving 176 women) that compared full rooming-in with separate care. The women were assigned to one of three groups in a random way. We combined three of the groups as the control group and the fourth group acted as the comparison group. We found no difference found between the groups in the number of infants that were breastfed at six months of age. However, we found that there was a higher rate of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum for the group that was roomed-in. The number of babies breastfed by the mothers was 8.3 times per day, which was slightly more than the rate for the women who had their own room. We did not find any difference found in the proportion of babies that were exclusively breastfed. The study did not report on other outcomes that we planned to look at, such as the time taken for the babies to be breastfed, or the time for the infants to be fed by both the mother and the nurse. None of our other pre-known outcomes were reported in the trial. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low due to the small size of the trial and the fact that we could not tell whether or not the babies were exclusively being breastfed for four months.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. Eight randomised controlled trials involving 660 participants were included in this review. The number of people who died or were not able to care for themselves at the end of 28 days of sanchi treatment was less than half that of those who were in the control group. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% and most of the participants had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in respect of stroke recurrence and quality of life.
The purpose of this systematic review was to assess the advantages and harms of timing of the implant placement. Four RCTs were identified but only a few could be included in the review. There is not enough data to show whether there is a benefit or harm in the time taken for the perimplant to be placed in place and whether any of the three types of bone grafting are better than the others. There was not enough evidence to show if the need for augmentation is more or less likely when the implant is placed right after teeth have been cut and sealed or if any one of the methods is better than another. The trials did not have a high risk of bias, but there were few trials and they were often judged to be of poor quality. The results of this review show that there is not a difference in the risk of implant failure and complications when the implants are put in place right after the teeth are cut. On the other hand, there might be a benefit in the appearance of the teeth when they are placed just after they have been filled with bone from the back of the mouth.
We found that clioquinol is a drug that has been used to treat Alzheimer's in the past, but we do not know if it is any better or worse than other drugs. We found that it is safe and well tolerated, but that there is a lack of evidence as to whether the drug is helpful for people with AD. We have some concerns about the quality of the trial and there was an imbalance in the treatment and control groups after randomisation (patients in the control group had a greater pre-morbid IQ). The planned phase II trial of PBT1 (250 mg) has been stopped and this drug has not been tested in patients with AD since then.
We found 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all cause) with a mean age from 18 to 74 years of age. Most of the trials were short-term (14 weeks), but some were longer (up to 12 months). Nineteen of the 36 studies were in people with group 1 PAH (the first stage of PAH). PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear benefit in those with PH due to lung or heart disease. We found that those with PAH who were treated with PDE inhibitors were more than twice as likely to be able to walk further in six-minute walk and were 22% less likely to die compared to those who were on a fake drug (placebo). The number needed to treat to prevent one person from dying was 32. There was an increased risk of side-effects, such as headache, stomach upset and flushing, and muscle aches and joint pain, but these were not common. We did not find that there was a difference in the number of deaths between those on a PDE inhibitor and those on other PAH-specific therapy. There were limited data on the use of PDE-inhibitors in PH patients with PH-left-heart disease (a type of PH in which the heart is in the chest and blood flow to the lungs is blocked by blood clots), although it is not clear which type of left-heart-disease was the cause of these side-effect events. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious drugs in this group of patients, and it is important to choose the right drug for each patient based on the side-side-effects profile.
We found 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who had regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, arm or elbow surgery. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We included one new trial in this update of the review. We found that multiple-injections of the block are more effective than either a single or a double-injection technique for producing anaesthesia. There was not enough evidence to draw conclusions about differences in other outcomes, such as pain, pain-free time to surgery and time to be ready for surgery. However, there was not evidence that there were any differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia (pain caused by the block) failure, adverse events and pain caused by tourniquet. The time for block performance was shorter for a single and for a double injection, but there was no difference in the time to readiness for surgery, nor was there any difference in time taken for the surgery to be done. The quality of evidence was high for all comparisons.
We found three randomised controlled trials that used beclomethasone to treat children with asthma. All trials used a dry powder that is used to treat mild-moderate asthma. The trials lasted 7-12 months. All three studies showed that the growth rate in children with mild-mild asthma decreased when they were treated with a dose of the drug. The average decrease was 1.54 cm per year (95% CI -1.15 to 1.94). However, it is not clear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' when the drug is stopped. We are unable to comment on the growth effects of other inhaled drugs that have less effect on growth. If inhaled steroids are needed to control a child's asthma, we recommend the dose that is the best for the child and the child's age.
Three trials (139 patients) were included. APD was not shown to have advantages over CAPD with respect to death, risk of peritonitis, the need for dialysis, need for catheters to be changed, hernias, PD fluid leaks, or removal of a catheter. One study found that there was a lower risk of needing to be admitted to a hospital in both groups. Patients on APD had more time for work, work, family and social life.
We found 37 randomised controlled studies (9312 patients) comparing CRT with RT or CT in HD patients. CRT was superior to RT in terms of OS, PFS, and SM. The superiority of CRT applied to both early and advanced stages (I-II) of HD, and was seen in both AL and ST. The need for treatment after RT was higher than after CRT. This effect was due mainly to ST and is due to greater need for surgery after RT. For early stages only, OS was better with CRT than RT. SM risk was greater than with RT alone, but not significant for early stages alone. Data were not sufficient to compare RT to CT. After IF-RT instead of EF-RT, SM risk could not be shown to be reduced. For advanced stages, CT alone seems to cause less SM than RT alone. However, RT alone causes a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy. Due to the lack of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current treatments.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups with a total of 4893 participants. Opioids were administered by mouth, transdermal, or intrathecal (through the skin). All three ways of administering the drugs were found to reduce pain. The amount of pain reduction varied among studies, but all three methods of treatment were similar. Many patients stopped long-term use of opioids (e.g. painkillers) due to side effects (like nausea and headache) or due to lack of pain relief. However, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to use opioids for a long time are more likely to have pain relief than those who stop. Whether patients’ quality of life or function improves is not clear. There were no major side effects, but there were a few cases of people who developed an addiction to the painkillers.
We found only one study with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury (98.2% male, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4. The participants were treated with oxandrolone, 20 mg/day, or a dose of placebo (an 'dummy' drug, which is a mixture of 98% starch and 2% of a substance that acts as a drug that does not work well in the body), over a 24-week treatment period. The results showed that the study was at low risk of bias (that is, there was a possibility that the trial could have been at a high risk of arriving at wrong conclusions due to the way it was done) and had a very wide range of results (ranging from a benefit to a harm, and from a harm to a no harm). However, we are not sure about the results, as the results were imprecise and the participants were all male. There was low-certainty (very low-risk of bias) evidence that the risk of non-serious adverse events (such as skin rash, redness, swelling, itching, and pain) was higher in the group of patients who took oxandroone than in the control group. We are not certain about this, either, as we assessed the results to be imprecision-like and the risk to be very low. The risk of serious side-effects was high in the oxandrogene group, but the risk in the placebo group was low. None of the side-harm events were classed by the trial teams as being linked to treatment. There were no other side-harms that we found in the study. There is no high-risk-type of bias in the way the trial was done. This means that there may have been a chance that the results may not have been true. The study did not report other outcomes that we were interested in, such as pain
We found six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four of the trials compared the use of email to a form of standard mail and the other two to usual care. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one area of the study. There was no difference between the groups in terms of uptake of health-promoting screening by the health service. Results were not clear for patient or caregive behaviours and actions. When we looked at patient health status and well-being, there was no clear difference in the groups. No data were reported on harms to healthcare staff or harms to patients. The available evidence is weak, and therefore not strong, and so cannot be used to guide practice.
We found 11 trials involving 855 people with BPPV. Nine of these trials used postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no difference in the results for vertigo intensity or for the results of the outcome measure, but there was a benefit from the use of post-Epley postural (e.g. neck) restrictions during the manoeuvre, and there was no benefit of mastoid oscillation (where the collar is placed on the back of the neck) applied to help the neck to turn in a straight line, or of an 'augmented' (more complex) form of the same manoeuvre (where there are more steps). No side effects were found in the studies. The review did not find that the posturge was more or less safe for most of the patients. There were no major side effects, but some patients had neck stiffness, neck pain, dizziness and dizziness in some studies.
We found four studies (231 adults with rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. All participants were adults of any age, with a mean age of around 40. The studies compared different types of surgery and the types and types of steroids used in these treatments. There were three comparisons in this review: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) (one study, n = 109) versus systemic steroids (one randomised, double-blind, double blind study), (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87) and ESS plus top-up (topical, high-dose steroids) plus antibiotics (one trial, 35 people) compared with the same dose and type of steroids (antibiotics plus a high- dose steroid). There were no differences between the groups in terms of the types of treatments or the ways in which patients were put into the treatment groups. The results did not show that one type of surgery was better than any other. There was no difference in the quality of life of patients in either group. The risk of side effects was the same in both groups. Complications were not reported in all of the studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical and 14.3% for surgery were described. Epistaxis was the most common side effect with both types of treatment, with severe side effects rare. None of the trials found that any of the treatments were better than the other. The overall evidence was of very low or low quality. As the results were not clear and imprecise, it is not clear whether there is a clear difference between the types or types of surgical and other treatments for rhino-nose polyps in this group. More research is needed to find out which is the best way to treat this group of adults. The quality of the data was very low, which means that the true effect of treatments may be quite large and may not be similar to what we found.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing foods fortified with zinc in the form of zinc-fortified foods with foods that were unfortified. The trials were from middle-income and low-income countries of the world, mainly in Africa, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Four of the trials compared the effect of the use of zinc in foods with zinc with the same foods without zinc (comparison 1), and four of the eight trials did not report on the effects of adding zinc to foods. We found that people who were given foods with or added to zinc were more likely to have zinc in their blood than those who were not fortified. We did not find that there was a change in the risk of underweight or stunting. No study found that adding the zinc to wheat flour was better than not adding zinc. There was no effect on iron or copper status. We are not sure if adding the iron or the copper to foods improves people’s iron, copper, or zinc levels. We also found that if foods were added to foods alone, it may make little or no change to the level of the blood zinc. We do not know if there is a difference in the number of people who are underweight, who are at risk of stunting, or who are poor. We have no information about the effect on the growth and health of children. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. This is due to the small size of the studies and to the fact that not all trials were well-conducted. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to low. This means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We found 11 studies with 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer who had been treated with non-steroidal antiandrogens or with castration (removal of the prostate) alone or in a group of men who had also had surgery to treat prostate cancer. We found that men who were treated with these drugs for at least 70 weeks were less than half as likely to die from prostate cancer at one year compared with men who received castration alone. We also found that use of these drugs was less favourable for men with prostate cancer that had spread to other parts of the body. Men who were given these drugs were less likely to have their cancer to progress and to stop the drug treatment due to side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia (tiredness and tingling in the breasts) and asthenia (skin rash), hot flashes, haemorrhage, nocturia (fluid in the blood), fatigue, loss of interest in sex and urinary frequency. We are not able to draw conclusions about the long-term effects of this treatment on prostate cancer due to the lack of data. More high-quality, randomised controlled trials are needed to find out if this treatment is safe and if so, when and how often to use it.
We found eight randomised trials that included 600,000 women in the analysis. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a reduction in the risk of death from breast cancer at 13 years. Four of the trials with suboptimal (poor) randomisation showed a benefit of screening on breast cancer death. The risk of breast cancer was 15% in the screened groups. The overall risk was 0.75. We found that breast cancer mortality was an uncertain result that was likely to be biased in favour of screening. The number of lumpectomies and mastectomies were much greater in the women who were screened. The use of radiotherapy was much more than in the group that was not. There was no change in the use of chemotherapy. We calculated that for every 2000 women screened, for 10 years, 15 of them would avoid death from any cause. This means that for 10 healthy women, who would not have been screened, one would avoid dying from a cancer and 10 would be treated for breast cancer. This would be a benefit for the women. However, if we assume that screening is not done in the same way in all women, 30 of the women would be overdiagnosed and treated for a cancer that they did not have, which would mean that for one out of 10 women, they would not get the cancer but would be given a false positive test. This could lead to long-term health problems for some of them. More than 200 of the screened group would suffer for years from the effects of false positive tests. We have written an information leaflet for lay people to help them make a good choice about whether or not to be screened. This leaflet is free of charge and can be found in many language on www.cochrane.org.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. One study did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in the formal review. Three of the studies compared 10,000 units of hCG priming with no priming. One of the other three trials compared 20,000 of hCg priming to no hCG. All four of these trials were at high risk of bias, which means that there is a chance of bias in the results. We found no evidence that hCG had an effect on live birth, birth, pregnancy, or loss of a baby. However, we found that 22% of the women who did not receive hCG achieved a live birth (two RCTs; 282 women), while 23% of those given hCG did so. The number of women who had a birth was not different in the two trials that did report this. No data were available on side effects (other than pregnancy) or on drug reactions. We could not assess the risk of side effects or drug reactions as no data were reported. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, the main issues being lack of blinding (where women and their doctors are not aware of whether or not they received hCG or not) and imprecision (where there was a small number of data). We need more high quality, well-designed, randomised trials to determine the best dose and time to use hCG in IVM.
This is an update of a review published in 2004. The aim of this review was to assess whether ERT and HRT are safe and whether they can help to maintain or prevent the risk of cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women. The review found that ERT or HRT do not prevent the onset of cognitive loss in older women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether ERTs or HTs have any effect in subgroups of women, although it is not yet known whether they have a benefit in some groups of women. There is not enough evidence to say whether ERts or Hts can be used to treat menopausal menopausal symptoms or whether they are harmful. It remains to be determined whether factors such as age, type of menopause, and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or with a progestagen, mode of treatment and dosage) can have a positive effect. Large, well-designed trials are planned in the USA and may be able to provide answers to these questions by 2010.
We found that we are uncertain about the effect of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO) for the treatment of COPD. We found that people with COPD who used FF/V for 12 weeks did not have more deaths than people who used LAMA. We also found that there was no difference in the risk of dying from COPD, but we were not sure if there was a difference in terms of the number of people who needed to be admitted to the hospital. We were not able to draw conclusions about the side-effects of once-a-day inhaled corticosteroids and antibiotics. We are also not sure whether once-per-day ICS has more adverse events than LAMA, and we are not confident in the results of our analysis. The short-term (12 weeks) follow-up and the very low number of deaths in the TIO arm led us to be less sure about the results.
We included four short-term randomised trials (RCTs) with a total of 169 patients in this review. All participants were adults with BDD. The RCTs tested the effects of antidepressants and psychosocial therapy on BDD, using a range of drugs (such as fluoxetine (SRIs)), as well as CBT (CBT), which is a form of CBT in which people are taught to think and process thoughts, in order to reduce the risk of a relapse of BDD symptoms. We found that people treated with these drugs had a lower risk of relapsing than people who were not treated with drugs. Symptom severity was reduced in both the studies of SRIs and CBT. A low relapse rate (4/22) was shown in one of the CBT trials. The findings of these studies, which were limited to adults, need to be replicated. In addition, there is a need to find out if other drugs, such as desipramine, are as good as SRIs, and if CBT is as effective and safe as it is claimed.
We found three randomised controlled trials that examined cotrimoxazole for the prophylaxis of HIV-infected adults (≥ 16 years of age) and involving 268 adults. The trials found that cotimoxazoles were better than cotraconazole re-challenge for the treatment of people who had a prior history of mild or moderate adverse reactions to the drug. There was a lower risk of stopping treatment for any cause, and a greater risk of the drug being stopped for any reason. However, there was no clear benefit of the desensitization protocol for treating people with an HIV infection who have not had a history of adverse events. More studies in children are needed.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing midazolam with placebo in 148 preterm and neonatal infants. We found no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality. All three trials enrolled preterm or neonatal babies and used a range of sedation scales. Each of the three trials showed a higher sedation rate in the midazolate group than in the control group. However, none of the sedation scores used in the three RCTs have been validated in preterm infants, and so we could not assess the effect of this drug in this group. The length of time spent in the NICU was 5.4 days longer in the placebo group. One study (43 infants) found that pain was lower in the babies who had received midazole than in those who had had dextrose (a fake sedative). Another study (46 infants) showed that there was a greater risk of death and brain damage in the neonate who had been in the sedative group. Data were not sufficient to support the use of midazoline as a sedative in neonates.
We found 12 trials with a total of 767 participants. All participants in the trials had diarrhoea and were otherwise healthy. We found no evidence of a difference in the risk of death from any cause between those who were treated with the antibiotic and those not. There was a higher risk of the same type of Salmonella Serovar in the first week after treatment, which was twice as likely in the group who received the antibiotic. There were more adverse events in people who were given antibiotics. We are not sure of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintial disease. Antibiotics did not seem to be helpful in the short-term (two to four days) for people with a mild to very mild case of the disease. In the long-term, there was no clear benefit for those who had a milder case. The risk of dying was the same in both groups. The number of patients who had an adverse event was slightly more in those who received antibiotics. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low to very low.
We found 23 studies (n = 4192 adults) that assessed the accuracy of IL-6 for the treatment of sepsis in adults. The participants were heterogeneous in terms of their age, gender, main infection, setting, country, type of infection, sepsi-type tests used, and other factors. We found that the number of people who would be wrongly identified as sepsic with the use of a blood test was 66%. This means that 66 out of 1000 adult patients would be missed and would not receive the appropriate treatment, while 130 out of the 1000 who would receive the correct treatment would be wrong and would therefore not have been given the right treatment. In the case of a patient who is not sick, 370 of 1000 would not be given the wrong treatment, and 170 would have been undiagnosed as not sick. The results should be viewed with caution due to the risk of bias due to issues with the way the blood test is used. The conclusions of the review will most likely change when the 20 studies that are yet to be published are included in the review once they are published and assessed.
We found 29 trials (5718 participants) comparing wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure) or with other types of dressing. Most studies were small, had low numbers of SSI events and were often not clear about how they had been done. There were 16 trials that looked at people with wounds that had been treated with a 'clean' dressing, five of which looked at 'contaminated' dressage, and the rest looked at a range of other kinds of dressage. Four of the trials compared wound dressage with no dressing, and 25 of the 29 trials looked at other dressing types. The majority of the dressage types were based on a basic wound contact dressing, such as film, silver, hydrocolloid, and hydric. We are not sure whether the risk of a SSI with any wound dressing is lower or worse than with other options. It is not clear whether one type of dressing is better than any other. We were not able to assess the effect of wound dressing on other outcomes such as the size of the wound, pain, scarring, pain and ease of removal from the wound. Most of the evidence was of low or very low certainty, which means we are not confident in the results. The risk of bias was high in most studies, and there was a high risk of overestimate of the true risk. The quality of evidence was very low, and we could not draw any conclusions about the best way to dress a wound after surgery.
We found one randomised controlled trial (n = 179 women) comparing selenium with placebo (dummy tablet) from 12 to 20 weeks of pregnancy. A total of 61 women took part in this trial. The other two trials were not reported on. One study found that the use of selenia in the first trimester had an effect on the self-assessed postpartum depression scale (EPDS), but the size of the effect was too large to be sure of. A large number of women dropped out of the trial and did not complete an EPDS. In the other trial, selenial was compared to docosahexanoid acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and fish oil. There was no difference in the effect on postnatal depression. No benefit was found in terms of the risk of the mother and her baby being admitted to intensive care. No effect was found for fish oil compared to EPA. The study did not report on any of the other outcomes that we planned to look at. We are not able to draw any conclusion from this review due to the lack of data. There is not enough information to be able to make any firm judgement about the effect of any of these foods for the prevention of postbirth or postbirth-time postnatal stress and anxiety. More research is needed to be done in this area. We did not find any other studies that looked at any other type of food for preventing postbirth stress and postbirth depression.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effects of anthracycline treatment with a dose of doxorubicin of less than 60 mg/m2 (the most common dose) or higher than the dose used in this review. Seven of the 11 RCTs were in adults with leukaemias and one RCT was in children. We found that people who were treated for six hours or longer had a lower risk of heart failure than those who were given the same dose of the drug but for a shorter time (5 studies; 557 patients). The number of studies was too small to draw conclusions about the effect of the dose on heart failure. We did not find a clear difference in the number of people who developed heart failure in people who received the dose given at the top of the treatment range (the dose that is used in the peak dose). The majority of the people in the RCT were adults with cancer. We identified high-risk of bias (ie, there was a high risk of bias in the way the studies were done) issues in all of the studies.
We found 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. We included both adults and children with TBI. Most of the participants were in hospital and had had a brain tumour. The duration of treatment was at least 24 hours and most of the studies were of poor quality. We did not pool the results for all outcomes as there were too few studies to be able to pool them. We considered duration of hypothermia and the length of the time that people received treatment to be the same for these groups of people. We were not able to assess the risk of bias in most studies as they were not of high quality. Some of the results may have been due to differences in the type of treatment given and the way that the study was run. We found that there is no high-quality, well-designed research in this field.
We identified three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of types of therapy, participants, and the way in which they were conducted. We were not able to draw a conclusion on the effectiveness of any of the studies. There was a lack of evidence for the effect of this form of therapy on the treatment of depression. However, we did find that there was some evidence that it was better than no therapy, and that it had a greater effect than a waiting list or no treatment on the number of people who did not improve, and on the amount of time people spent in the care of their families. There is a need for more research in this area. At this point, use of psychotherapy for people with a long-term risk of depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to the use of this type of treatment.
We found three trials involving a total of 206 participants, all of whom had been treated with Duxil. All three trials had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. When we analysed these trials together, we found that there was a benefit in improving the function of people with Alzheimer’s disease. There was no data on the effects of the drug on the time to death, behaviour and death at the end of treatment and the length of time that people were cared for. We also found that the drug did not seem to cause side-effects. Behaviour, adverse events, and quality of life were not assessed in the three trials. Due to the low quality of the studies, and the small size of the trials, we were not able to draw any firm conclusion on the use of this drug for the treatment of patients with dementia. More high-quality and large-scale trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
We identified a total of seven RCTs, with a combined total of 960 participants. The quality of trials was low, with several studies at risk of bias, and no studies used blinding, which means that participants and their surgeons could not have known which group they were in. The OR for seroma was 0.46 (95% CI 0.23 to 0.91) in favour of drains. There was no difference in infection rates (OR = 0.70) between those who had drains and those who did not. The mean length of time spent in hospital was 1.47 days greater in the drain group. A mean change of 0.79 fewer post-operative seroma patients were found in the drains group (OR 2.31) than in the no drainage group. No difference in the number of patients with lymphoedema was found, nor was there any evidence of an increase in haematoma (a type of blood clot) with drain use. The risk of death was not increased in the drained group. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised trial. The results form the included studies were conflicting. There was no evidence that the risk of colorectal neoplasms was reduced by the use of flavonoids. The evidence for the five flavonoid groups was conflicting. For Flavan-3-ols, the studies from two trials showed that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols may have a role in the prevention of both CRC and adenomas. A large number of people in the two case-controlled studies were at risk of CRC, and there was a low risk of adenomies with high intake of epicatechin. For anthocyanin, there was some evidence that a high intake could have an effect on CRC, but there was no effect on adenoma risk. There were no studies that looked at the effect of anthocyclic acid on CRC. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not there is a role of the amount of a flavoid in the body’s growth.
We found that extending the treatment to 72 weeks was more likely to help patients with HCV in whom HCV RNA was still found in the blood but not yet in the brain. The length of treatment did not affect the number of patients who relapsed. The risk of relapsed was similar in both treatment groups. There was no reporting on death from HCV. The number of adverse events was not different in the two groups. In the one trial that reported adverse events, no difference was seen between the two treatments. All trials had high risk of bias (risk of play of chance) and there was a risk of random errors (play of chance). Therefore, more data are needed in order to assess whether or not to treat patients who have not had a cure for HCV after 48 weeks or 72 weeks.
We found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence that EUS is a good test in people with pancreatic cancer who have been found to have cancer on CT scan. There is no clear benefit of EUS in the case of people with periampullary cancer. We are not sure that it should be used routinely in this group.
We found 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) in this review. There were 20 studies (14 RCTs and 6 CCTs) involving 1661 people with an average of 14 cases per treatment group with both anterior or mixed bleed and 14 studies (12 trials and 2 CCTS) with 508 people per group with the most common type of blepharate (MGD). Topical (e.g. wash your eyelid twice a day) antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were found to be effective in the eyelid margin for patients with both an acute and a long-term condition. Lid hygiene may also help. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as the use of steroids and antibiotics, were not clear. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing the condition. The use of these treatments has not been shown to be of use in the long term, and more research is needed to evaluate the effect of such treatments. More research is also needed to compare the effects of medical treatments and to compare them with other methods such as cold compresses, which are not known to be as good as eyelid wash, and to show if they are safe and can be used for a long time. It is important that people are followed for at least one year.
We included one study with a total of 23 adults and children with RRP. This study was at high risk of bias (risk of play of chance). This study did not measure any of our primary outcomes and only one of our outcomes (reduction in the size of the lung and volume of the lungs) was assessed in the study. There was no difference between the groups. Adverse events were reported in one child with severe RRP a few hours after treatment. There is a need for more research in this area.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Most of these studies were of low to very low quality. We found that CDUS was more accurate than CE-CDUS in terms of the number of patients who were followed up after the tests were done. We also found that when we combined the results of the studies, CDUS had a greater effect on the type of ultrasound that was used. We could not tell whether the studies were carried out in the same way in the past or in the future. We were able to combine the findings of 18 studies that used CDUS and found that the CDUS test had a higher effect on identifying endoleaks. We did not find that there was an effect of the use of contrast in CDUS. However, we did find that the effect of contrast use was greater in the studies that had been done more than a year in advance of the publication of the study. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the cost-effectiveness of CDUS due to the lack of data.
We found seven studies, with a total of 766 women. All of the women had low back pain in labour, which was worse with the use of sterile water than with saline. However, there was no difference in the rates of caesarean section, forceps or forceps delivery, or other outcomes for women or their babies. There were no adverse events. We found that more women who were treated with the water had pain that went down to 50% to 60%, and more had this with the saline than with placebo. There was no data on women's satisfaction with pain relief, their sense of pain, mother/baby interaction, rates of breast feeding, rate of adverse events for mother, or long-term health for babies. The studies were of good quality, but four were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, lack of reporting of results, and use of other scales for pain. Further large, methodical, and large-scale studies are needed to assess the effects of the water as a pain-reliever in labour.
We found 12 trials with a total of 1932 adults with a hernia repair in Lichtenstein. The results showed that glue may reduce chronic pain by 37% compared with suture. The risk of recurrence of the hernia was the same between the two groups. However, the results changed when we looked at the type of mesh. We found that mesh is a thin mesh and therefore the risk of chronic pain was less, as well as the chance of recurrences. We also found that glue was better than suture in terms of length of time spent in the hospital, haematoma, and the time it took to get back to normal activities. We did not find a clear difference between the groups for the other outcomes. We could not tell whether glue was more or less safe for the wound to heal. There were no major adverse events in the glue group, but we did find some adverse events such as wound infection, swelling, and numbness. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any clear distinction between the use of glue made from the same type of material as the mesh. One of the studies was funded by the manufacturer of the mesh sealant. The other trials did not mention the source of funds. The quality of evidence was low to very low. This means that we are not very sure of the results.
We found 32 randomised controlled trials and 66 surveys of quality of the articles. Only three of the studies were of high quality. A package of 'package' of changes that was applied to the way papers were written and read in two of the three studies was found to improve the readability in one study. A more intensive approach, which involved more frequent use of a single 'patch' of words, was found in one of the trials. A 'package of changes' applied in the time from the time of entry to publication was shown to be an improvement in the quality of two trials. Providing a clear set of rules to authors in one trial led to a change in quality in two studies. Another trial showed mixed results, but the review found that more intensive changes were found to be better than no change. Providers of clear guidance to the author in terms of the use of code of ethics in two trials, but no change was seen in quality of abstracts. Structuring of the abstracts, which is a type of 'junk' paper, was not shown to improve their length, but increased their length in one randomised trial. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 15 studies including 721 adults with cancer pain due to a wide range of cancers. There were three deaths, in all cases due to the cancer. We found that codeine was more effective than placebo in reducing cancer pain, but with an increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and pain. There was not enough information to draw any firm conclusions about the effect of codeine on pain in people with cancer. The risk of side events was low in most studies, but there was a high risk of bias in some of the studies. Most of the trials were small, of short duration, and most had problems with the way they reported their results.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, who were followed-up for 12 months. The majority of the people in the trials were African-American. The participants had a total of one hour to one-and-a-half hours a week for eight weeks. The duration of the RCTs ranged from one hour for one week to eight weeks and the end-time point of follow-up ranged from six months to 12 months after the end of the intervention. The overall risk of bias was low for all trials, but was unclear for the way in which participants were allocated to groups, whether staff were aware of which group they were in and how this might have had an influence on the results. The quality of the included trials ranged from 'not important' to'moderate to substantial' for a range of outcomes. There was evidence that the knowledge of sickle cell disease and its signs and symptoms was improved by the use of educational programs. This was found in four trials (160 participants) and was sustained for longer than for caregivers. The number of people who were able to recognise the signs and signs of a disease-related illness was not assessed in any of the trials. No studies were found of whether the programs helped patients or their caregivers to self-manage symptoms or to use health care services. Adherence to treatment was not measured in any study. No effects were seen on the quality of life of patients. The effects of the programs were not found to be significant in terms of recognition of signs and pain, use of health services and the number of patients who were happy with their health care. The effect on knowledge was not sustained over a longer period of time and whether it offers any clinical benefit is not clear. The studies were too few to allow us to draw conclusions about the effect of the educational programs on
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2411 participants. All six RCTs were of short duration (7 to 16 weeks), and all were of high risk of bias. We judged two studies to be of moderate- to low-risk of bias, and four to be at low risk. Only one of the studies included participants with both types of seizures. The other five included adults with focal (focal) onset seizures, and all the other five had only focal (head-down) seizures. We found that add-on brivaracetam reduced the number of seizures 50% or greater than those who were treated with a sham drug (placebo). This means that people were 50% more likely to be free of seizures than those given a fake drug. We also found that people who received briaracetam were 5% to 15% less likely to have a seizure in the first six months after taking the drug compared with people who were given a dummy drug (a fake drug). The risk of people stopping the drug for any reason, as well as the risk of experiencing one or more side-effects, was not different following treatment with brivar acetam compared to placebo. However, people who took brivarapeam did appear to withdraw from the drug due to side-side-effects more often than those taking a fake medicine. It is important to note that only one of only one study included people with generalised (generalised) epilepsy, and none of the other studies included people younger than 16 years old. None of the RCTes included any participants under the age of 16. Therefore, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored parents' views on the use of the MMR vaccine. Some of the studies focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, and rubella) vaccine. In general, we found that parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret (worries and fear) about the choice of whether or not to vaccinate their child. We found that some parents worried that their child would get sick, and that some may have been harmed by not getting the vaccine. We also found that there was a need for parents to know which source they could trust, and to be able to find information they felt was free of bias. Parents were more likely to be satisfied with the information they were given, but some were less sure about it. The amount of information parents wanted and the source they felt could be trusted may be linked to acceptance of the vaccine, with those who were more aware of the risk of harm and more willing to accept it (high confidence). Our results show that most of the included studies addressed at least one or more of the key aspects of the way in which information was given to parents, such as the time of the last visit to the clinic for the child to get the vaccine and the time and place where the information was provided. We did not find any studies that looked at whether parents felt that health workers had any bias. None of the trials looked at parents' perceptions of health worker motives. We have high confidence in most of our findings, but we had some issues where we had low or very low confidence. This means that we cannot be sure of the true results.
We found 10 trials, with a total of 599 people with anorexia nervosa, which met our criteria for the review. Trials were of poor quality and had a high risk of bias. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when given by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less good than treatment as a TAU. This was found in one small trial. There was no difference in the numbers of people who achieved a good or moderate outcome on a self-assessed outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale. However, there were no clear results for the body mass index (BMI). There were no differences in the dropout rate (the amount of time that a person stays in the study) between TAU and any other type of treatment. One trial found that a specific type of therapy (focal psychodynamic) might be better than TAU, but this is based on just one trial. A non-treatment control (dietary advice) did not seem to be effective, but again, this was based on one small study. No side effects were found. None of the trials found any side effects of the treatments. The overall size of trials was too small to draw any firm conclusions about the effects of treatments for anorexia. There is a need for more well-designed, long-term trials with longer follow-up periods and trials that are of high quality. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of March 2015.
We found three RCTs with a total of 516 participants. One study was from the USA and randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or a gas (perfluropropane or C3F8) in the USA, and the other was from a multi-centre study in the US. The third trial was from outside the USA. The first two trials were funded by the US government and the third by a non-profit organization. All three trials were at low risk of bias, which means that the studies did not have a large number of patients who dropped out. The study that was funded by a private company did not report the source of funds. The use of perfluroproane or silicone oil for most people with RD with PVR was not shown to be better than the use of other agents. There were no differences in the change in visual acuity at one year in the two groups. Although the first two of the three trials did not use a power of 80% to compare the two agents, the third trial did. There was no clear difference between the groups in terms of the percentage of people who achieved at least 5/200 eyesight at two years. In terms of macular attachment, people who were treated with the oil had better outcomes than did those who were not. Adverse events were not reported for the first and second trials. For the third study, the number of adverse events was not reported. Of the 94 people in the three groups, four died, 26 had a recurrence of retinal loss, 22 had eyes that had split, 22 people had eye ulcers, four had glaucoma (scarring), four had cataracts, and two had capsular fibrils. The choice of a tamponade (tamponade) for each patient should be based on the needs of the patient. There does not seem to be any benefit of using heavy or perfluorop
We found five randomised clinical trials (involving 1819 women) that met our criteria for this review. We found that women with a high risk of high blood pressure and a severe blood clot in the baby's lungs were at a lower risk of early birth than those who had a planned birth. There was no clear difference in the risk of death for the mother or the baby. However, there was not a clear difference between groups for the number of caesarean sections, or in the length of time spent in the neonatal nursery. Women who had planned early birth were at less risk of heart and lung problems and were less likely to have a stroke. There were no clear effects on the baby’s health, but there was a higher risk of low heart rate and low blood flow to the lungs. We did not have the data to be able to draw conclusions about the effect of planned birth on infant deaths. We also did not find any clear effects of planned early births on the numbers of newborns who were cared for in hospital. There is no clear impact on the number or length of stay in hospital for the baby, but we did find that planned birth was more likely to be short-term (fewer days) and that there was no effect on the time the mother spent in hospital after the birth. We were not able to combine the results of the five studies as there were too few data to draw any clear results. We are not sure if planned birth is better or worse for mothers with high blood blood pressure or heart or lung problems. We do not know if it is more or less safe for the babies. More research is needed to find out the best time of birth for women with these types of health problems and the best way to give birth.
We found six randomised controlled trials (including 142 patients) comparing prophylactic clotting factor (three times-a-week) with on-demand blood transfusions in children with hemophilia. Two of the trials showed that there was a decrease in joint bleeds in the three-times-per-week group. The number of patients with preserved joints was not pooled in the other three trials. There was no clear advantage of one clotting group over the other. There is not yet strong evidence from randomised trials to show that the use of clotting factors to stop bleeding is better than on-treatment. We are not able to make conclusions about the best treatment for preventing joint bleedings in patients with existing joint damage. More research is needed.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1824 adults that met our criteria for inclusion in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences in the types of treatment and the way that the trials were done. Overall, we were not able to pool the results of the trials as there were too few patients in each group to be able to compare the results. We did find that there is a trend in more recent trials for less aggressive treatments. The results show that the risk of death from any cause was less in the group of patients who received less treatment. However, there was no clear difference between the groups in the length of time that the cancer was in remission. There was not enough data to be sure of this. The trials were small and had flaws in their methods that could have led to bias. We could not draw conclusions on the best way to treat people with B-cell lung cancer.
We found that there was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the best treatment for RhD-free pregnancy in Rhophylac. We found that both types of injection are safe and both are as good as the other. However, the number of studies and the size of the studies was too low to be able to assess if there are any differences in effectiveness. The choice of the best way to give the drug will depend on the type of drug, the dose to give and also on the patients' preferences. The review did not find that RhD alloimmunization was a problem in either of the included studies, as there were too few women to be sure that this was the case.
We found eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three of the trials compared a ticlopidine drug (clopidogrel) to aspirin or to a placebo (dummy drug). Five studies compared a clopidine-like drug (one of the most well-known drugs in the world of antplatelet drugs) to an aspirin drug (aspirin) or to aspirin alone. The mean follow-up time in the trials ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All patients in the studies had a known risk of CVD (heart or vascular) or had had a CVD in the past. Data for all-cause deaths, heart attack, myocardial infarction and stroke were reported in one trial (355 patients). This trial did not show that any of the drugs were better than aspirin for reducing the risk of death from all cause, heart disease or stroke. There were no data from any study on other CVD risk groups. There was no information available on the risk factors for CVD, quality of life, side effects or costs. The trials were at low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance).
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven of the trials were conducted over a two-week or six-week treatment and one was a three-month trial. Six trials (151 people) compared non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance with an alternative method of airway clearing such as the 'active cycle of breathing' or 'pump-up' method. Three of the studies (27 people) used nasal masks, one had a mouthpiece and one did not use a mask. Three trials used a nose mask and one had no nose mask. One trial (13 people) looked at the effect of non- invasive ventilatory support on exercise and did not find any clear effects. One study (13 patients) did not look at any of our main outcomes. We found that airway clear-up may be easier with the use of a mask and that some people may prefer it. We were not able to find any effect on sputum, but it did improve some lung function and gas exchange. The trials did not report on side-effects. One of the three trials, in which one of the patients withdrew at the start of the trial, had pain on a test of lung muscle strength. One other trial, which used a mask, had a patient who could not use the mask. A second trial in this group of patients did not like the mask, one patient had a cough when breathing room air and two people had a chest pain which resolved when the mask was changed. The last trial did not show any clear difference in the number of people who were able to breathe on their own when using a mask compared to no mask. The studies did not measure quality of life, but did measure lung function, gas exchange, the amount of time that patients spent in bed, how well they did not need to breathe, and the time that people spent sleeping. Due to the small numbers of patients in the trials, we were
We found that NIPPV in the home for at least three months in patients with stable COPD had no effect on blood gases, heart rate, lung function, lung muscle strength or sleep efficiency. The mean six-minute walk distance was 27.7 m and we could not be sure that this was a benefit or not. There was no difference in the time taken to reach 6MWD. We also looked at forced expirations of air (FEV1), forced vortices of the lungs, maximal inspirations (PImax) and sleep efficiency, but found no effect. The two long-term trials did not show any effect. We could not draw conclusions about the use of NIPPVs in COPD due to the lack of data and the small size of the studies.
We found four trials, involving 1190 women, that compared induction of labour with waiting for labour to begin. The women in the studies were at a range of ages from 20 to 38 weeks' postpartum, and were at high risk of having a caesarean birth or of having an instrumental delivery (e.g. forceps or forceps). The babies were born at a mean birthweight of 178 g, and there was no clear difference in the risk of the baby’s head falling out (shoulder dystocia), but there was a reduction in the number of babies with a head fracture in the group of women who had been in labour for at least 24 hours. There was no difference between the groups for other outcomes, such as asphyxia, low five-minute infant Apgar, low arterial cord blood pH, or low Apgar scores. The risk of perineal tears was increased in the induction group, and increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial. Induction of labour did not seem to change the chance of a baby being born with a broken bone in the baby's shoulder (brachial plexus), but the power of the studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. Also, antenatal estimates of fetal weight are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed. Since induction of birthweight was not shown to be different, it is likely to be popular with many women. In settings where obstetricians can be confident about their scan assessment of the weight of the unborn baby, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses with a low birthweight should be discussed with parents. Although some parents and doctors may feel the results of the scan may be sufficient to justify induction, others may justifiably disagree. More research is needed to find the best time for induction, and to improve the accuracy
We found 56 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. The mean age of women was 77%. Forty-eight of these trials included healthy adults and the other 35 included older adults living on their own or in a hospital. The other eight trials included adults with a range of diseases, such as cancer, heart, lung, stroke, stroke or arthritis. Most of the women were older than 70 years. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. Forty-five trials (80%) used a form of vitamin D called calcitriol, which is taken from the blood at the start of the trial. This form has been shown to be safe and to reduce the risk of high blood levels of blood calcium. We found that more than 8% of the people in the trials dropped out. We did not find any difference in the number of deaths in people who were given or were not. The risk of dying was decreased in all 56 trials. We also found that people who had a low level of the vitamin D drug, alfacalcidol, may be at risk of death. A subgroup of high-risk (high risk of bias) trials showed that the use of this form of drug may increase death, but this finding could be due to errors in the way the studies were run. We could not tell whether the effect of the drug was greater than or less than 20 ng/mL, and we did not see a difference between the forms of this type of drug (vitamin D3) and the others. However, we found that when we looked at the same groups of people, only those with a low-level levels of the drugs (vitality) had a chance of dying. This means that for one death to be prevented, 150 people would need to be treated with the drug for five years to avoid one death. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the
We found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine are effective drugs for weight loss in type 2 diabetes. All three drugs reduced weight over the course of 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss was modest, and the long-term health benefits are not clear. There is a lack of data on other drugs that can be used to help with weight loss or control in this group.
We found five studies involving a total of 734 participants. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor. It was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by combining the results as we had planned, mainly due to the fact that not all of the studies had the same results. We found that VGB and CBZ did not differ in terms of time to the first seizure or time to complete six-month treatment. VGB was found to be more effective than CBZ in the time to first seizure and in the occurrence of weight gain. However, VGB caused more skin rash and tiredness. Data are not sufficient to assess the risk-risk balance of VGB versus CBZ monotherapy for the treatment of epileptic seizures.
We found four RCTs. Two of these trials had a low number of participants and did not report any results. The remaining trials had 600 participants with multiple myeloma or lymphoma. In both studies the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerixafor and the control group had placebo (a fake drug). The results of the meta-analysis did not show that there was a difference in the risk of death at 12 months and in the number of adverse events (side effects) in the group that was treated with the drug. However, there was an increase in the chance of the stem cells being grown in a short time in those who were treated with a dose of the drug and this may be an advantage for those who had more stem cells. None of the studies looked at the effect of this drug on the time to neutrophil and platelet growth. There was no data on quality of life or time to progression-free survival. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any conclusion on the impact of the use of Plerix afor for the treatment of patients with blood cancers. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016.
We found 23 randomised trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were very small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. We found that cones are better than no active treatment and may be of similar effect to PFMT and electrostimulation. There was not enough data to show that cones plus PFMT was better than cones alone, or that PFMT alone was any better than either. Cones were no more or less effective than PFMT, and there was no evidence that they were any worse than no treatment. There were no studies looking at the cost of the treatments.
We found eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that looked at the effects of the use of interventions to help patients with anticoagulant-based OAT. The trials were of low to very low quality. We found that there was no evidence that self-monitoring plus treatment had an effect on TTR. There was also no difference in TTR in AF patients with self-medicine control. However, we found that the effect of self-help leaflets had a small but positive effect on anxiety and depression. The effect of the decision aids on the management of decisions was not clear. There is a need for more trials in this area.
This is an update of a review that had previously been done in 2004 and 2007. In this update, we have added seven new trials (778 women) to the review. Overall, vaginal prostaglandin E2 compared with placebo or no treatment (placebo or no intervention) reduces the chance of having a vaginal birth in 24 hours. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with changes in the baby's heart rate is increased (4.8% versus 1.0%) and the caesarean section rate is reduced by about 10% (13.5% compared with 14.8%). Prostaglandins PGE2 probably increase the chances of vaginal birth within 24 hours, but do not affect or may have an effect on caesarian section rates. They do not increase the risk of a change in the cervix (cervical change) with no increase in the number of women who had an operative birth, but they do not seem to have an impact on the rate of caesar sections. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a range of measures) is not clear. PGE1 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as good as each other, although there may be some differences between some of them, but these may be due to chance.
This is an overview of the research on the effects of cot-nursing in the nursery. The aim of the review was to compare the effect of this method with the use of incubator care. Five randomised trials, with a total of 247 newborns, were included in this review. In this way, infants were put in the cot and nursed to sleep on a bed that was heated with a water-filled mattress. Infants were placed on the bed and then nursed on their own. The babies were put back in bed at the same time as they were nursed. This was done in the same way as in the incubator. The studies did not show that cot care was any more or less safe than care in an incubator in terms of temperature control and weight gain. There were no differences in weight gain or in the risk of death. However, there were fewer deaths and fewer infants were breast fed on discharge from the hospital.
We found three studies, involving 146 adults, that compared open and closed surgery. The main finding of the review was that the two types of surgery may be equal in terms of the number of PDCs (low- to very low-risk of bias). One of the open group had a PDC that broke free of the gold chain (closed group) and one of the patients had a post-surgery pain and pain due to the hole where the chain cut through the gum. We were not able to pool data for the other outcomes that we had hoped to look at, but we did find that there was no clear difference in the amount of time that the teeth were left to heal. There were no major side effects of the surgery in either group. More high-quality, large-scale, high-risk-free and long-term studies are needed to confirm the findings of this review.
We found three trials, involving 244 women. The trials compared prostaglandins with a placebo (fake drug) and found that the use of prostaglanins was no better than a fake drug in terms of the rate of the placenta being cut free from the uterus, the need for the baby’s womb, blood loss, need for a blood transfusion, or the time from the time of injection to the time that the baby was born. There was no difference in the time it took to give birth, the risk of blood loss or the mean time from giving birth to have a child, or side-effects (vomits, headache, pain and nausea, shivering). The risk of death from any cause was not increased in the group of women who took prostaglans. The included trials did not have any data on the number of deaths of mothers and the need to add a uterotonic (uterus drug) to the uteroprostol. The quality of the studies was poor and we are not able to draw any firm results from them. More research is needed in this area.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 355 preterm infants. We found that the use of CDP as CPAP or CNP reduced the risk of death or use of breathing support in preterm babies with breathing problems. We also found that CDP reduced the number of deaths in babies with birth weight above 1500 g and there was no overall risk of dying. We did not find that there was a change in the need for oxygen use at 28 days after birth, as well as no change at nine to 14 years. Use of CPAP was not found to be linked to an increase in the rate of pneumothorax (a lung collapse that is a problem that can lead to lung collapse and death). Four out of six of these RCTs were done in the 1970s and so it is not clear how these results would be applied to current practice. More research is needed to find the best way to give CPAP to preterm or sicker babies.
We included six studies with a total of 157 participants in this review. All six studies compared foam wound dressings with other types of dressing. There was no evidence to suggest that foam wound dressing is more effective in healing foot ulcers than other kinds of dressings. However, all of the studies were small and/or had short follow-up times. The cost of foam dressers and the amount of time that they take to dress wounds may be a factor in the choice of a foam dresser.
We found three randomised trials that compared endoscopy with surgery in a total of 111 participants. Two of the three trials compared endoscopic surgery with surgery. One of the trials included 32 patients. The other trial, which had a number of limitations, had a high risk of bias. The study showed that patients who had surgery had more pain relief both at the end of treatment (two to five years) and at middle/long-term (≥ five years). The surgical group had a lower risk of death than the other group, but there was not a difference in the number of deaths. The trial did not show that there was a benefit in terms of pancreatic function, but the trial was too small to show this. One trial compared surgery with no surgery. The number of patients in this trial was not large, and there were no major post-interventional problems or deaths, so we were not able to evaluate these.
We found only one randomised trial that was at a high risk of bias. This trial included 857 patients who had skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. Patients were randomised to wash and dry for at least 48 hours or to wait for 48 hours. There was no difference between the groups in the rate of wound infection. There is no evidence from randomised trials to show that early or delayed post-operative wash-and-dry is the best way to reduce the risk of wound infections. More research is needed to answer this question.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared prednisone with no treatment. The trial had a high risk of bias (risk of play of chance) and was not well-conducted. It did not measure the main outcome for this review, which was whether or not people had improved. People who were treated with prednisolone were less ill than those who were not. However, after 12 weeks, 12 of 19 people in the prednisotone treatment group had improved, and five of 16 in the no-drug group. There was no difference in the number of patients who were in remission, or in the change in quality of life, between the groups. The only side effect reported was sleepiness, which occurred in one in eight people in both groups, and was less common with the higher-dose (monthly) dexamethasone. We are very unsure about the use of corticosteroids for people with MS. The one RCT did not report side effects, but it did show that there was one death from any cause in people who had been on corticoids for at least one year. The quality of evidence was very low, and we are not able to draw conclusions about the effect of cortics in the long term. We need large, well-designed, randomised studies to find out if corticogenic drugs are better than no treatment for the treatment of MS. We know that corticostoids are commonly used in practice, but we also know that long-term use can cause serious side effects. Therefore, we need more research to find the best treatment for MS.
We found six studies with a total of 2100 people with asthma. Four of the six included in the main results showed that there was no difference between the types of check-up, but we could not be sure whether more people who had a remote checkup needed to be seen face-to-face. We could not say whether more of those who were seen from a phone line had an asthma flare-up (exacerbation) that was severe and caused them to need to go to the hospital. We also could not tell whether there was a benefit in terms of the number of patients who had asthma attacks that led to treatment in hospital, or if there were any side effects. One of the studies showed that people who were asked to come back for a face- to-face visit had a greater chance of not having an attack if they did this. We do not know if there is a benefit from the use of the phone line for asthma check-ups. There was no clear difference in asthma control or in quality of life between people who received a phone call and those who did not. We are not able to say whether or not there are risks of using the phone lines for people with severe asthma, or whether they should be used at all, as there are too few of these.
We found three RCTs that met our criteria, including a total of 212 people with JIA. The results of the studies showed that there was no benefit of exercise therapy on any of the outcomes. There was also no evidence that it could cause harm. No short-term harms were found in any study. Both the included and excluded studies were clear about the side effects of the exercise therapy. The large number of patients in the studies and the small size of the results means that it is not clear what the long-term effects of exercise are. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 19 trials with 2663 adults and children. Most of the trials compared antibiotics with a placebo (fake drug) or with no treatment. Antibiotics were given to people who were in the ICU or in hospital. We did not find any trials that looked at the effect of antibiotics on people who had severe flare-ups (e.g. asthma attacks) or who had been in hospital for a long time (i.e. for inpatients or outpatients). We found that the use of antibiotics reduced the risk of treatment failure from 295 to 212 per 1000 people in the one trial that used antibiotics that are not in use anymore. The one trial with ICU patients showed a large effect on treatment failure, and length of time spent in hospital, and no effect on death. There was no evidence of an effect on re-exacerbations. We found no effects on death from any cause in one trial, and there was no difference in length of hospital stay. Few data are known on the effects of the use or lack of use of drugs to improve quality of life, other symptoms, and side-effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. This means that we are not confident in the estimate of the true effect of the drug. We judged that the overall risk of bias was low for most outcomes, and that some of the results may not be true. We also judged that results were not similar in the two groups of patients who were treated with and with other drugs. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area.
We found nine RCTs with a total of 1414 participants (mean age 45 to 59, where reported) to be randomised to whole grain or lower whole grain diets. We found no studies that assessed the risk of death from any cause. We also found no evidence of an effect of whole grain on the risk factors for heart disease (heart attack, stroke, heart attack, myocardial infarction, angina, angioplasty, heart surgery, or stroke). However, we found that there was a low risk of bias in all of the studies. There was no evidence that there is an impact of whole-grain diets on blood lipids and blood pressure. There is not enough evidence to draw any conclusion about whether or not there is a risk of heart disease from whole grain foods. The trials were small and had a short-term follow-up period of less than 16 weeks, so we are not sure how well they were designed or run, and no trials had a long-term effect on heart disease. The majority of studies were funded by the food industry with commercial interests in cereals.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of interventions to help people with an orthopaedic fracture to get out of bed and walk. We looked at people who had had the bone cut in the leg and had been in a cast or an air-stirrup (shoe) for at least six weeks. We found 28 RCTs with a total of 1896 adults and children with an age range from 18 to 80 years old. Three of the trials compared the short-term use of a removable type of immobilisation (e.g. a bandage) to allow people to get up and walk and found that it improved the range of motion of the affected leg in the short term. There was not enough evidence to say which type of support or immobilisation was the best. One trial found that people who started weight-bearing soon after surgery had a small improvement in their range of movement of the leg after surgery compared with those who remained in the cast or in an orthosis or a walking cast. However, there was no improvement in walking speed or the number of steps that could be done. There were no studies that compared exercises or stretching with usual care. One study found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not help people to walk or improve other outcomes. In 10 of the studies, people who were put back in their casts had a greater chance of being able to walk if they were put in the same type of cast or cast alone. In five of the eight trials, people were put into a different type of brace to allow them to walk and this was found to be better than being put back into the cast. Five studies looked at different types of treatment after surgery to help the leg to heal. One of these found that using a backslab (a piece of fabric that you can put around the ankle) was better than a cast, but the other showed that it was not as good as a band
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and one non-randomised trial. All trials were conducted in low-income countries. All four RCTs were in children. One study of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. A second RCT of caregiver (nurse) medication diaries found that the treatment group had less missed doses (85% and 92%) than the non-treatment group, but this effect was not clear. The non-experiments did not have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. A non-RCT of peer support group (peer-to-peer) therapy for adults showed no change in self-reported adherence, yet more than twice as many patients on the peer group had lower viral loads (80%) than on the control group (30% vs. 30%). The other RCT found that children on a lopinvir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen had no difference in adherence compared to those on a NNRTI (non-nucleoside) regimen. However, more children on the LPVC/r group achieved >80% of their dose in the second group. The number of children with lower levels of viral loads was greater in the LPV/R group. Peer- to-peer (peer) group therapy for teens did not change adherence, but increased the number of patients with less virus in the group (80% versus 80%). A home-briefing (nursing) programme has the potential to improve adherence to ART, but more research is needed.
We found five studies (696 participants) that met our criteria. Participants had pain after third molar extraction, laparoscopy, and minor day surgery. Participants were treated with fenoprofen 12.5 mg, 25 mg, 50 mg, 100 mg, 200 mg, 300 mg, and 100 mg. The mean age of participants ranged from 27 to 40 years old. The average age of patients was 41 years old and the mean number of days of age was 48 years. The studies compared a single dose of oral fenuprofen 200 mg with a placebo (dummy tablet) and found that the oral dose was effective at relieving moderate to severe acute postoperative pain over 4 to 6 hours. There was not enough data to assess other doses or active comparators, time to use of other painkillers, or numbers of patients who needed more painkillers. There were no serious side effects or withdrawals due to side effects in any of the studies.
We found six randomised controlled trials to include in this review. Four of these were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had a high risk of bias. Four trials compared PFMT versus a control group (n = 857 women) and compared it with surgery for prolapse. Two of these included women who had surgery for their prolapse and the other compared it as an adjunct to surgery (surgery plus PFMT) with surgery alone. Both of these studies were small and did not measure prolapse-based outcomes. There was a large trial of PFMT in conjunction with surgery on prolapse to date. There is now some evidence that PFMT may improve prolapse stage and severity of prolapse by 17% in women who have had PFMT. The largest trial to date (six months) showed that the PFMT group had better results in terms of pelvic floor muscle strength, and there was a reduction in the frequency and bother of symptoms in the group in favour of the group. Two out of three trials which looked at the number of times prolapse symptoms were found to be improved in the control group. One of the trials found that there was an improvement in the numbers of times the prolapse symptom score change between groups. The other found no difference in symptoms. The trials did not use a method to blind the patients to which group they were in, and so we cannot be sure that the women in the groups were aware of which treatment they had received. The two trials which measured pelvic floor strength found that the group had more strength in their pelvic floor muscles than the other. There were no results for the other outcome. One trial found that women had less need to go to the toilet with PFMT, and one trial found less bother and less frequency of the symptoms in those who had had a PFMT treatment. Both trials were too small to show whether PFMT had an effect on the length of time prolapse took place or not.
Fourteen trials (1,724 participants or ears) were found that used quinolone to treat CSOM. Quinolones were better than no drug treatment or antiseptics at curing CSOM at one week, but not at two weeks. There was no difference in the number of people who cleared CSOM with the use of non-quinolone antibiotics (antiseptic drugs) at weeks one or three. There were also no differences in CSOM that was cured with no drug or with topical (topical) drugs. The risk of adverse events (harms) was low, but this may be due to the small number of events per trial. The most common were ear bleeds, nose bleeds and blood in the urine. The quality of the studies was poor, and most were short, so it is not clear how well they were done.
We found 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants from 1974 to 2011. Most studies were from the 1970's, 1980's and 1990's and used the FRS for the first time. We found that the use of FRS in triage could lead to the wrong diagnosis of around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as schizophrenia. This means that around 40% of people will be missed and may not get the right treatment. Some of these patients may have to wait a long time for the right medication. The FRS could also lead to a delay in the start of care for people who are not mentally ill, who will be considered to be in need of help due to their symptoms and mental state. Some patients could be discharged from care too soon if they are found to have a FRS. The use of the test will not cause harm, but it is not clear if it will cause harm. We think that the fact that the tests are old and many of them are not used as much as they should be means that they are not as accurate as they could be. However, they can still be helpful in the first stage of treatment for most people with a mental illness.
We included 10 RCTs, of which 5 were new to this review. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychological intervention. All of the interventions were added to the standard care of parents of children with atopic eczema. We did not find any new studies. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) found that parents who received an intervention were more likely to have their child's disease severity improved and to have a better quality of life than those who did not receive the intervention. We could not be sure that this result would be found in all of the other five studies, which used other tools to assess the effects of the treatment. We found that the largest and best-known of the studies was the one that used the SCORAD tool. It showed that the children who received the intervention had a greater reduction in the severity of their disease, and a greater improvement in their sleep. We also found that there was a greater benefit for the children in the group that received a psychosocial self-help group. We are not sure whether these results would be valid in other settings. There is a lack of good-quality, rigor-based research in this area. We do not know if there is a role for the use of educational and other types of treatments for eczemised children. More research is needed to find out if these treatments are safe and whether they are effective in the long term.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. In this update, we found 14 trials with a total of 7753 people with LRTI of which used HBOT to treat various types of LRTIs. HBOT was found to be better than no HBOT in treating osteoradionecrosis and reduced the chance of ORN in people who had had an ORN after tooth extraction in an irradiated field. There was no effect of HBOT on the risk of wound breakdown in those who had a wound cut in the head, neck, anus and rectum following an operation for ORN, and there was an improved chance of healing the wound following both surgical flaps and hemimandibulectomy. There is no evidence that HBOT has an effect on the brain or spinal cord. These trials did not report adverse events. More research is needed to find out if HBOT is safe and if it is cost-effective.
We found 10 randomised studies involving 2961 surgeons. The use of blunt needles was compared to the use of sharp needles in a range of operations. The risk of perforation of the surgeon's glove was compared in four studies. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles had one perforated glove in three of their operations. This means that for one of every six surgeries, the surgeon will have a wound in his or her glove. In four of the 10 studies, the risk of a needle stick injury was lower with blunt needles. In five out of six of the studies, there was no risk of needle stick injuries. The force needed for the blunt needle to break the skin is more than twice that of a sharp needle. This may make their use more painful, but it is not clear if it is safe. The results of this review show that the risk is low and that surgeons and their staff are less likely to be exposed to blood and blood-like fluids if they use blunt needles in their hands. It is unlikely that further research will change this. The quality of evidence was high.
We found that trifluoperazine was no better than other low-potency drugs in terms of the effect of the drug on people’s symptoms. Trifluperazine did not cause more side-effects than other drugs. However, there was a greater risk of at least one adverse effect in the trifleopentane group. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, so more, newer, studies would be needed to draw conclusions about the relative effects of triflopentazine and low-potsence drugs.
We found nine randomised controlled trials including 593 preterm infants. The trials were small and had a number of flaws in their methods. The included trials did not find a strong effect on weight gain or the length of time spent in hospital. Some (low quality) evidence showed that preterm babies fed in response to feeding cues may be able to eat and drink on their own sooner than those who were fed on time. This finding should be viewed with some caution, as the trials were not of high quality and did not report any views of parents, carers, or staff. A large, well-designed RCT would be needed to confirm this and to find out if there is an effect on other outcomes for preterm newborns.
We identified a total of 161 participants in this review. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One randomised trial with a large number of participants showed that there was a reduction in the ankle brachial index (ABI) in people who were given folic acid and in those who were not. The other study showed no effect in the ABI in the group of people who received multivitamin B supplements. No major events were reported. No conclusions can be made as to the value of treatment of this type of blood clot in people with PAD. Further, well-conducted and well-reported trials are needed.
We found that there have been only a small amount of research studies in this area. Only a few of these have looked at the impact of the use of a fee-for-service or capitation payment. One study, which was carried out in four of the most deprived parts of Scotland, found that the dentists who were paid with a fee for their services had an increase in the amount of work they did when they received the money. The study did not look at the effect of the money on patients' health service use or the cost of care. The other, which took place in the most poor parts of the country, looked at how much time dentists spent in the health care system. The dentists tended to see their patients less often and to carry out more fillings and extractions, but they did give more advice. The authors found that dentists in the group where dentists were paid for their time, but not for their work, gave more preventive advice. However, the study was done in the four most deprived areas in Scotland, so it is not clear if the findings would be the same in other countries. There were no clear results on the cost-efficiency of the different remuneration methods. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the quality of the evidence to be low/very low.
We found 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data to the review. The trials were generally at low risk of bias. We found that giving women in low-income countries zinc supplements (in the form of tablets or pills) at the start of the third trimester may reduce the risk of preterm birth by 14% (16 trials, 7637 women). This was not accompanied by a reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight (14 trials, 5643 women). No clear differences were seen between the groups for any of the other outcomes, except for induction of labour, which was reported in one trial. No differences were found in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who did not comply with their treatment. The evidence for a 14% reduction in preterm births for women who took zinc compared with placebo was found in low income groups and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal deaths. There was no clear difference in other outcomes for the babies, such as stillbirth, stillbirth or neonatal death and birthweight. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for pretermbirth, small-for-gestation age, and low birthweights, and was low for stillbirth and neonatal deaths and birthweights.
We included 10 RCTs with a total of 1656 participants. All trials used probiotics as adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. The use of probiotics increased the rate of short-term cure and mycologic cure and the relapse rate at one month. There was no increase in the number of long-term cures. Probiotics use does not seem to increase the risk of adverse events. We did not find any studies that measured the time to first relapse, need for treatment at the end of treatment, the cost of treatment and quality of life. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low or very low.
We found that progestogens are likely to reduce the risk of miscarriage in women of child-bearing age who are at high risk of developing preterm birth. We are not certain if progestogenic drugs have an effect on the risk for preterm births. The quality of the evidence for the main outcome of the review, the number of babies born preterm, was low to very low. There was not enough data to draw any conclusion on the rate of birth defects. There were also too few events for us to be sure that there was any effect of progestogen treatment on congenital defects. The results of this Cochrane Review are based on a total of 7 trials with 696 women. The trials were conducted in a wide range of countries in the world, which makes it more likely that the results will be applicable to other countries. Two of the trials were from the US, one from Germany, and four were from Turkey, and one from Jordan. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared laser treatment to no (or deferred) treatment. A total of 4786 eyes were included in these studies. Three of the RCTs were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. The majority of participants in four of these studies were people with a type of retinitis called 'plain' (no retinopathy) and one study was from Japan. Four of the studies compared panretinal photocoagation with an argon laser, and one was from the USA. All five of the trials were at risk of bias, i.e. there was a risk of overestimating the effect of laser treatment because of the way that the study was run and the way in which it was run. Three studies were at high risk of a bias because they did not use the same type of laser as no laser, so we could not be certain that they had the same results. All studies were too short to be sure that the results were accurate. None of the results showed that laser was more or less safe than no laser treatment. There was a 50% drop in the risk of progression of the disease and a 20% decrease in risk of loss of 20 letters (or more) of vision at five years with the use of laser. We did not find any difference between eyes that were treated with laser and eyes that did not receive laser in terms of quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or side events such as detachment of the eye. The risk of haemorrhage was 50% lower in the eyes that received laser and there was no reduction in the number of eyes that had vitreous bleeds (wears on the skin that lead to blood clots) with laser. The studies did not look at long-term effects of the treatment, but one study found that there was an improvement of 20% for people who had laser
We found that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation. We found that the ICU length of stay was 1.84 days shorter with the CPAP than with oxygen therapy. We did not find a difference in the risk of death or the length of time spent in ICU. There was not sufficient evidence to be certain if CPAP had an impact on anastomotic leakage, lung injury, or pneumonia. There were no deaths in the studies. Finds from one trial of 60 people suggested that bileel NPPVs may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the treatment. The studies did not report data on gastric insufflation, gut ulcers, lung collapse, chest pain, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye pain, sinus problems, oronasal drying, and patient-ventilator asymptom. We judged both studies to be at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found four trials involving 388 women that were judged to have a high risk of systematic bias overall. Three trials compared diazepam with other drugs (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthetic; and lignocaine) for the use of analgesia for forceps delivery. One of these trials was judged to be at an 'unclear' risk of bias. There is not enough evidence to show which analgesic is best for pain relief. In one of the trials, the women who received the pain-relief drug diazepam were more likely to judge their pain relief as good or good, and were less likely to have severe pain with forceps. In the other trial, the pain was the same in both groups of the study. No trials reported on the other two main results of this review - that of the risk of harm to the baby and the rate of death or illness for the baby. The trials did not report on the number of mothers who had a stroke, or other complications for the birth of the child, and so we do not know if there was any benefit for the babies. There was no difference between the groups in terms of nausea and vomiting. There were no trials that looked at the effect of analgesics on the health of the baby, and thus we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of the drugs on the baby's health. There are too few women in the trials to be able to tell which analgesics are the best for the pain of forceps birth. More trials are needed to find out which is the best to use for pain control.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 people with asthma. Most of the trials were from India, and the other studies were from Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to mild asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five of the 15 studies used the method of 'yogic' (breathing alone) practice, while the other six used 'posture' (e.g. sitting with hands on the floor, hands on a ball, and feet on a mat), breathing, posture, and meditation. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months. We found that there was some evidence that yoga may improve quality of life, but we are not sure if this is an effect that would be important to patients. We also found that the mean change in lung function was greater than 0.5 litres, but again, we are uncertain if this was an impact that was important to the patient. We did not find that the change in forced expirctive volume in one breath was different between the groups. No serious side events were reported, but the data on this outcome was small. We rated the evidence to be of a high quality. The risk of bias was low in most studies, but it was unclear or high in at least one area for the rest of the studies. The findings of this update are based on a small number of studies with few events. We need more large, well-designed, and well-reported trials to confirm the effects of yoga for the treatment of asthma.
We found 10 trials (249 participants) comparing a variety of drugs to treat IBM. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single drugs, and 3 assessed combined drugs. Many of the trials were too small and short to be able to assess the effects of the drugs in relation to the main outcome measure, which is the change in strength of muscle. We found that interferon and methotrexate (MTX) did not have an effect on the progression of IBM. A trial of ATG (antibodies to T lymphocytes) combined with MTX versus MTX was found to be more effective than MTX alone. Trials of IVIg, oxandrolone and AZA were not large or long-term, and we were not able to draw conclusions from these. We need larger, longer-term studies of these drugs to be sure that they are safe and effective. There is a need for trials to be longer in length, to be of high quality, and to use more of the same outcome measures.
We found nine RCTs involving 3144 adults and children that compared linezolid with vancomycin for the treatment of SSTIs. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. The RCT was funded by the manufacturer of the drug that makes linezolol. We found that linezolic was more than twice as good at treating adults with an SSTI caused by MRSA and was three days shorter in length of stay in hospital. There was no difference in all-cause deaths. There were fewer cases of red man syndrome, rash, itching, and itching and rash in the linezoli group than in the vancycin group. However, there were more episodes of thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the blood) and nausea when treated with linezole. The cost of linezoline was less than the cost of vancomine, and the length of time spent in hospital was shorter for those who received linezolin than for those in the other treatment groups. Further well-designed studies are needed to confirm the findings of this review. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the drug company that makes the drug.
We found eight RCTs comparing the two types of surgery in a total of 512 patients. Our analysis showed that there were no differences in the number of deaths, complications, or length of time that patients were alive after the surgery. There was no clear advantage of either method in terms of the time taken for the gastric emptying, or the need for a blood transfusion. However, some of the perioperative outcomes, such as time to operate, blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion, favour the PPW method. The quality of evidence was low.
We found six RCTs with a total of 1862 participants. Five of the studies reported the risk of death in patients with a brain injury caused by a bleed in the brain. Three of the RCTS reported death and severe disability as an outcome in this group of patients. Two of the six studies showed that there was a decrease in the number of deaths in this subgroup of people. The other three trials did not show a difference in the risk for this group. The drug nimodipine in a group of people with subarachnoid haemorrhage shows a benefit, though the increase in adverse reactions to the drug may mean that the drug might be harmful for some of the people in the group treated with the drug. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included four RCTs with a total of 3090 participants. Three of the trials were considered to have a low risk of bias, and one study was considered to be of high risk. The trials compared CPR plus defibrillation with CPR alone. One study used a cluster-randomized design, which is a type of study in which people are put in groups by chance. We found that people who received CPR plus delayed defibrillators (three trials) were more likely to be free of brain injury at one year compared with those who had only CPR. We could not be sure whether one treatment was more safe than the other. However, we were not able to draw conclusions due to the low quality of the evidence.
The aim of this update was to assess the efficacy and safety of any of the treatments in the management of women who have not had a good response to the treatment for IVF. A new search identified fifteen trials. Ten randomised trials with eight groups were included. The number of live birth rates was not reported. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was higher in the GnRHa long protocol group. The GnRH antagonist group had a higher rate of cancellations. None of the studies found a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic birth rates.
We found 53 randomised controlled trials that looked at the effect of a family intervention on the number of relapse events and the length of stay in hospital. We found that people who had been in the family had less chance of relapsing and were more likely to be in hospital, but we did not find that this was a cause for concern. We also found that there was a reduction in the risk of discharge from care and in the numbers of people who left care. There was no clear effect on the amount of time that people spent in hospital but we are not sure if this was related to the family. There were no clear results for the effect on suicide. The quality of the studies was poor, and some may not have been of high standard. This means that the results may be over-estimated and that the effects of the intervention may be less than we thought. More research is needed to find out if this is a good way to help people with schizophrenia and their families.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared DEBs with uncoated balloons. These trials were carried out in Germany and the USA and used paclitaxel as the drug-eluting agent. Two of the three trials were industry-sponsored. We found that DEBs may be better than uncoate balloons for the treatment of in-stent restenosis. We also found that people who received DEBs had a greater chance of being able to use the stent for up to 24 months. We did not find that there was a difference in the risk of death between people who had a DEB and those who did not. The risk of amputation was the same in both groups. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effects of DEBs on any of the endpoints in this review due to the small size of the trials and the high risk of bias in the design of the studies.
We found that corticosteroids reduced the risk of coronary artery (heart) problems, fever and rash. We also found that children who took steroids had less fever, the time for blood tests to normalise and the length of time spent in hospital. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of steroids on death or long-term heart health. We found that some groups may have more benefit than others, but more research is needed to answer this question. Some groups, such as those from Asia, those with high risk scores, and those who took longer steroids, may be more likely to have a benefit from steroid use. There was not enough evidence to say whether or not steroid use is safe or if it is safe to give steroids to all children with KD. More research is required to find out if steroids are safe and if they can be used to treat heart problems.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared PIP with control (i.e. no PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychosocial support, counselling, or other treatments) in a group of 846 participants. Four of these studies were at low risk of bias in four or more domains. We found that PIP was no more effective than control in terms of reducing the risk of a parent’s depression (low quality of evidence) or the number of infants with an avoidant, disorganised, or no attachment style (low or very low quality of data). We also found that there was no difference between PIP and a control group in any of the other outcomes. There was no evidence that there were any harms of PIP. The quality of the studies was low to very low for all of the outcomes. Where we downgraded the evidence, it was due to the way in which the studies were done or reported, or the fact that we could not be sure if there was a bias in the design of the study.
We found one new study in this update of the review. Overall, we found 11 studies with 753 participants. The low-grade quality of evidence showed no difference in the Apgar scores at one minute and at five minutes. None of the 11 trials reported the number of women whose blood was too low for oxygen. The very low quality of data showed that there was an increase in the levels of oxygen in the blood of the mother and the foetus when women in labour were given oxygen. There was high risk of the foetal blood becoming too hot. The high-risk group had a greater benefit from the use of extra oxygen. Although, there were higher blood gas values and blood tests of free radicals in the babies when they were given extra oxygen, the results should be taken with caution due to the low grade of evidence.
We found twelve studies with a total of 2196 participants. Six of these studies provided data on the percentage of pills taken. We found that the use of a reminder box increased the number of pills patients took by 11% compared to the group that did not use the box. We also found that reminder packs decreased systolic blood pressure by 5.89 mmHg, and the amount of blood in the diastolic blood blood pressure range (mean change -1.01 points, 95% CI -2.22 to 0.20 points). We did not find that a change in blood pressure was seen in patients who did not have a box. Reminder packs also reduced the levels of a type of red blood cell (glycate) which is thought to be a sign of blood pressure, by 0.72 points. We could not find any effect on self-reports of adherence. No data were found for the effects of reminder packs on serum vitamin C and E, self-reported symptoms of stress, and self-assessed symptoms of mental health. In one study the presence of a box was found to be helpful for those who were less able to read and use a pen, and were found to prefer a box with a pen. Reminders may be used to help patients take their pills on time, and may be a simple way to help reduce the risk of dropping out of treatment. More research is required to find out how often and for how long the box should be used, and how well it should be placed.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing 11 different drugs. All trials had high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong results due to play of chance) and all had small size. There were no differences between the groups in risk of death, liver failure, or perioperative illness. The trimetazidine group had a longer stay in the hospital than the control group. There was no effect of these drugs on any of the other outcomes. Methylprednisolone and dextrose reduced the risk of ischaemia and may be able to reduce the rate of liver injury. However, these drugs should be tested in well-designed, large, and well-reported RCTs.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing any type of treatment with cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosfamide, or any of these drugs in adults with CCS. We found 61 studies, of which 46 had both treatment- and risk-risk factors, six had both, and nine had not been designed to be RCTs. The 52 studies included in this review included 13,327 adults with a range of types of CCS of which at least 4499 had tests to assess the effect of treatment on kidney function. The risk of having a kidney disease due to treatment with drugs to treat CCS was reported in 7% to 84% of participants, and in 2.4% to 32% of patients. This may be due to different types of cancer and the length of time that participants were followed up. Of these 52 studies, 36 had a decreased glomerular filtral size (GFR) in at least 432 CCS, and found it was found in 0% to 73.7% of people. One eligible study found an increased risk of this after the use of aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS after TBI. Four non-eligible studies found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfacamide as risk factors for a decreased GFR. The majority of these non-randomised, non-validised and non-blinded (N-RCT) studies found a risk factor for this. In addition, a longer follow-up time was found to be linked to a greater risk of the GFR in patients who had a longer time after treatment. Eleven out of 52 studies assessed hypophosphataemia or tubular phosphate reabsorption (TPR), or both. Prevalence ranged between 0% and 36.8% in 287 and 62.5% for TPR in 246 participants. One non-R
We found that Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® (Cajanus cajan) are phytomedicine-based drugs that can be used to treat pain in sickle cell disease. The results from the two trials (182 patients) that we found show that NIPrisan®, a thymus-based drug, is safe and effective in the treatment of people with painful crises. It was also found to be safe and to have a possible effect on the risk of anaemia (low-grade) and no serious side effects were found. However, the results of the multicentre trial of Cajanus Cajan are awaited. No conclusions can be made on the use of this drug. Based on the findings of the two included trials, we would like to see more studies on the effects of these drugs. The evidence is of low to very low risk of bias.
We included three trials with a total of 1999 patients in this review. All three of the trials were randomised, which means that participants were not aware of the type of treatment they received. We could not assess the risk of bias in any of the three studies, but it is likely that there was a risk that participants knew which group they were in. We found that people with HL and a negative PET scan were more likely to be alive when they received PET-adapted (treatment only) treatment (chemotherapy plus a PET scan) than those who did not have PET-treatment. We also found that the time to death was shorter in those who had PET-based treatment (with or with a PET scanner) than in people who had standard therapy (with and without a PET). We are not sure whether this is an effect of the PET scan, as PET scans are not used in all patients with HL. We are also not sure if it is an advantage or a harm in those with advanced HL, as it is still not clear whether PET-positive people are better off. None of the included trials looked at the long-term risk of side-effects. We judged the quality of evidence to be very low. More studies with longer follow up may lead to more precise results for side effects, tumor size and risk of death, and we may be able to assess whether this PFS (time to death) benefit will translate into an overall benefit.
We found 31 trials that compared the same types of birth control pills or injectables. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. None included a placebo. We found no new trials in 2014. Twenty-one of the 31 trials looked at the use of combined oral contraceptives (COCs) and others looked at a range of other types of COCs, progestin-only pills, injectables, vaginal rings, and implants. Many of the trials had weight restrictions. We still do not know if weight is a risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. Twelve studies looked at desogestrel pills and found few changes in blood glucose. Where we could not combine the data, single studies showed lower mean and higher means for fasting glucose and two-hour glucose response. Where data could not be combined, the two groups had the same mean and greater means for glucose response and area under the curve. Three studies looked only at the same type of injectable. One showed the injectable group had a greater mean change in blood sugar and the other group had lower means. Of eight trials of norethisterone, five looked at oral (oral) contraceptives and three looked at injectables (injectables). Five of the eight compared the two types of injections. In a COC trial, a norestral group had less change in glucose response than a levonorgestrel-COC group. A COC group with a depo had a lower change in fasting glucose. A depo group had greater change in aUC and an AUC. Of five more recent trials, one showed the group with nomegestrel (a type of hormone) had less changes in AUC and AUC, and a mean and a small change in the AUC of the depo. Two of the five new trials were of newer types of hormonal pills, and one looked at an implant. We could not make strong
We found 10 RCTs with a total of 579 adults (aged 18 years and over) with symptomatic hip OA. Nine trials (549 adults) included in the review showed that exercise reduced pain by an average of 0.38 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) immediately after the end of treatment. Pain was reduced by 8 points (range 4 to 11 points) at least three to six months after treatment in the control group and by a mean of 7 points in the exercise group. Pain and quality of life were not reported by any of the trials. Only three trials (183 adults) reported on the effect of exercise on the general population and found that there was no difference in pain or physical function. Only one of the 10 included trials was able to blind participants to which group they were in and this may have led to bias in the results. Only five trials (419 adults) looked at people with hip or knee OA and found no differences between the groups. Five trials ( 367 adults) found that people who did not do exercise were more than twice as likely to drop out of the intervention group compared with those who did, but this difference was not large. Of the five trials that looked at side effects, each study had only one or two events and all were related to increased pain due to the exercise programme. Overall, the quality of evidence was high for pain reduction and improvement in physical function, but was low for the other outcomes. The quality of the evidence was downgraded due to lack of precision due to imprecision and imprecise results.
We included nine studies with a total of 260 people with MS. Six of the trials looked at the effects of exercise therapy versus no treatment, whereas three studies looked at different types of exercise treatment. The results showed that there is strong evidence in favour of the use of the exercises in terms of strength, endurance, muscle strength and muscle tolerance in patients with MS who have not had an MS flare-up. Also, there was evidence of improvement in mood, fatigue and feeling of handicap. There was no clear difference in the effect on symptoms of MS when compared to no treatment. No evidence was found that any type of exercise was better than any other. There is an urgent need for a clear set of measures to be used in the design and conduct of all of the studies. In addition, there is a need to find a way to make sure that all patients in the trials in this review have equal chances of being in either the treatment or control groups.
We found only one randomised clinical trial (75 adults with a mean age of 43 years; females: 65% of people in the trial). The participants were randomised to either an early laparoscopy (less than 24 hours after the start of treatment) or a delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy (up to 4.2 months after the end of treatment). There were no deaths (0/35) (0%) and no bile duct injuries (2.5%) in either group. There was no serious adverse events (side effects) in the early group (28 people out of 40 in the delayed group) or in the later group (35 out of 80 in the late group) during the waiting time. The other outcomes were available for 28 out of the 80 people who were in the earlier group and in the other group. The proportion of people who had serious side effects was 0% (0%), which was lower than in the group that had a delay in the surgery. The time taken to do the surgery was 1.25 days less (1.25 hours) and the length of time spent in hospital was 14.80 minutes less (14.80 hours) than the time taken for the surgery to be done. No one in the two groups had an open operation (removal of the gallbladder) because there was no need to do so. The trial did not report quality of life or the time it took to get back to work. Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it was found that an earlier laparoscope was better than a delayed one for reducing the risk of serious side-effects and improving the chances of a good outcome. More high-risk trials are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing long-term versus short-term prophylactics for orthognathic surgery. Most of these RCTs had an unclear risk of bias, which meant that we could not be sure that their results were reliable. We found that people who had a pre-prophylactic (long-term) dose of antibiotics (given for at least six weeks) before surgery were less likely to have a stroke than those who received a dose of a one-time dose of the same type of antibiotic. There was not enough information to show whether a specific antibiotic was better than any other. The risk of developing SSI was also reduced with long term antibiotics, but there was uncertainty about the risk of SSI with a short term dose compared with a single dose. There were no reports of side-effects associated with the drugs in those trials that looked at this outcome.
We found only one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women, which compared elective preterm birth with a caesarean birth. There were no differences in birthweight, number of deaths after birth, need for repeat surgery, or need for ventilator use between the two groups. None of our other pre-planned outcomes were reported in the one study. The one study did not have a large enough sample size to show whether there were any benefits or harms for the babies. It is not clear whether the elective approach is better or worse for the infants or their mothers. More research is needed in this area. This review is not able to draw any firm conclusions about the best way to care for preterm births for babies with gastroschisis.
We found three studies in adults, all of which lasted for up to one week. All used paracetamol to add to the standard treatment with strong opioid drugs (morphine-like drugs, such as codeine. Some of these drugs are known to reduce pain by 50% or more, and some are more than that. We found no studies in children. One study was a parallel-group and two had a cross-over design (where participants took one of the drugs and then the other). All three of the studies were at high risk of bias, which means we cannot be certain that they did not have flaws that could have led to bias. We did not find any studies that reported any of our main outcomes: people with pain that was at least 50%, and at least 30%, from the start of treatment. Pain was no worse than mild at the end of treatment, and there was no clear evidence of a difference in pain scores from baseline. What pain reports there were did not show any difference when added to other drugs. There was no evidence of harm. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of paracetamol on its own for the first step of the three-step WHO pain ladder (pain ladder). It is not clear whether there is any more pain-relieving effect of paracetAMol when used in the same dose as strong painkillers, as the doses used in most studies were so strong. We could not draw conclusions about the effect of the drug on other than pain, quality of life, use of rescue drugs, and people's choice of whether or not to use the drug. The studies did not report serious side-effects, but did not clearly measure harms. We rated the quality of the evidence for all of our outcomes as very low. This was due to problems with the way that some of the trials were done, and the small size of some of them.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. A new search was run in 2008 and the search is up to date as of March 2013. Fifteen studies were found that met the standards for inclusion in the review. All of the drugs were antimuscarinics (anti-coagulant drugs) and all but one were based in China. The drugs included astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin and oryzanol. The Chinese medicine suo quo wan, a mixture of spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom, was found to be more effective than the other drugs. However, the Chinese medicine used was at high risk of causing side effects. There is not enough good quality research to be sure that these drugs are safe or that they are effective. More research is needed.
We included six RCTs, with a total of 195 participants with MS. All participants had mild to moderate MS. We pooled and analysed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both types of training, and found that people with MS who did not do this type of training did not have more pressure in the lungs than those who did. However, people who did do it had less pressure than those not doing it. We did not find a clear difference in the amount of pressure people could breathe out, nor did we find that people were more tired. We could not tell if this had an effect on people’s health, but it was not clear if it had an impact on quality of life. We found no studies that looked at the effect of the training on the risk of death from MS. The studies did not look at whether people had any side effects. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes, due to problems with the way the studies were done and the imprecise results. This means that we are not able to draw firm conclusions about the best way to treat MS in the short- and long-term.
We found one randomised clinical trial comparing betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no treatment. This trial included 38 women (41 pregnancies) from 26 women (28 pregnancies) and found that there was no clear difference in the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia (blood clot in the blood) and bleeding. There was no evidence of a treatment effect. The risk of death for the mother, perinatal deaths, postpartum haemorrhage and newborn blood loss were not studied by this trial. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not to use a drug to treat ITP in pregnancy.
We found that there is not enough evidence to say which technique is the best for this type of surgery. We found that DALK is less likely to fail than DALK, but that there may be more risk of graft failure. We did not find any difference between the two types of surgery in terms of the number of eyes that were still intact at three months post-graft. There were some side effects in both groups. In the DALK group, one patient had an atonic (pupil-like) eye, and one had a skin rash. Other side events, of varying severity, were reported in both treatment groups with similar frequency. These side events included post-suture blockage (e.g. swelling of the cornea), inflammation of the blood vessels that carry blood to the corneal surface, and a thin film of blood that forms on the corna, which is thought to be the blood line that carries blood from the eye to the brain. In both groups, there was a small amount of scarring. We are not sure if this is caused by the surgery or not. We also found no evidence of a change in the chance of the graft surviving after three months, or in any of the other outcomes that we looked at. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low to low. The main reasons for this were the small size of the studies and the fact that we could not combine the data from all of them. This means that we are not able to draw conclusions about which method is the most safe and effective.
We found 67 trials (from 76 reports) involving 8506 women. Most of these were of high quality, but only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias. Most studies did not report enough details about how they were done, and only 10 of the 67 studies were at low quality. We found that iron was better than no iron in reducing the risk of being anaemic (low-risk of dying from any cause) and raising haemoglobin (iron) levels in the blood compared to no iron. Women were less likely to be anaemic at the end of treatment. We also found that there was a lower risk of iron-deficiency anaemia, and that iron had a greater effect on the amount of red blood cells (iron in the urine) than control. We did not find evidence of an increased risk of stomach pain in women who took iron. There was no increase in nausea in the eight studies that looked at this. We could not draw any conclusion on whether iron was more or less well-treatable in terms of side effects, as there were too few women in the studies. We are not sure whether iron improves the level of mental health in women, as we could not pool the data from all trials. We were not able to assess the effect of iron supplements on the number of women who were fit and well, and we are unsure whether iron is better or worse than no supplements. We rated the overall results of our review as high to very high quality. This means that we are very confident in the results and that we do not have any doubt about the results. However, we did find that there were more side events in the groups that took iron than in those that did not. The risk of side events was higher in the group that had iron, and there was an increase in hard stools/diarrhoea, loose stools, and gut upsets. There were no reports of any increase in the risk
We found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The review showed that there was no reduction in all-cause mortality in patients who were treated with the combination of the irinotecan and fluocinolamide and the fluoropyrimidine. There was a greater risk of dying from any cause in those who were given the combination treatment, although this may have been due to the small number of patients in the single study. There were higher risks of side effects in the group of patients who received the treatment with the treatment and a lower risk in the control group. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The main reason for this was the lack of information about how the patients were allocated to the treatment groups, which may have influenced the results.
We found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on lung function and less chance of rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia) and may look better. Pain is less clear but some of the results are less clear. There was no change seen in other complications and the time taken for the wound to heal and the length of time that it took for the surgery to be done was the same. The results on the use of painkillers (painkillers) may be less clear and should be viewed with some caution. The risk of a wound rupture was less with the transverse incision and the wound may look a bit less bad. We did not find a change in the number of people who had complications in the post-op period but the numbers of those who had problems with pain were the same in both groups. The findings do not seem to be relevant to people who have only had an open incision.
We included nine RCTs involving a total of 981 participants. Five studies were from Europe and four from North America. The mean age of participants ranged from 32.0 to 43.7 years. All participants had subacute low-back pain. People who received MBR had less pain and were more likely to go back to work at 12-month follow-up. We did not find any difference between the groups in terms of pain, disability, or time away from work. When we looked at other types of MBR, we found no differences in the groups. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments, we did find that there was no clear advantage of MBP. The quality of evidence was low to very low for all outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low, and the effects for work-based outcomes were low to moderate.
We found 18 studies with 4843 men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. We found that there may be no difference in the number of men with pain response in the proportion of men who took bisphosphonates and those who did not. We also found that men who had bisphosophosphonate treatment had 40 more cases of pain (19 more men per 1000; 19 fewer to 114 more) than men who received no bisphonate. We did not find that there was a difference between groups in terms of the risk of death. Bisphosphotrophs decreased the risk that men had to take painkillers for pain, but this may have been due to the fact that there were too few men in the control group. We were not able to draw conclusions about quality of life because the methods used to measure this were not consistent across studies. We probably had too few participants affected by nausea (nausea is a feeling of sickness that can be caused by stomach pain and can last for days or weeks) and we did not have enough data to be sure that this was caused by the bisphotonate treatment. We had to be careful not to over- or under-estimate the risks of kidney problems and osteonecrosis of the jaw (scarring of the upper jaw) in men with bone metastasis from prostate cancer. We considered the quality of evidence to be low to very low for all of the main outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about the results and that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the results.
We found five RCTs (1093 patients) comparing HDT + ASCT with no treatment in patients with relapsed FL. Four of the five trials were in patients who had not been treated with any treatment and one in the same group of people who had been in the control group (no treatment). The other three trials included patients who were treated with a stem cell transplant. All five trials included in this review were randomised and judged to be of high quality. We found that HDT plus ASCT may be an advantage in terms of time to death (OS) and time to the end of treatment (PFS) in people with relapse of their cancer. We did not find a clear effect on the risk of recurrence of cancer. There was no difference between the two groups of people treated with HDT and the group that did not have any treatment. However, there was an increase in PFS in the HDT group. This effect was found in one of the trials (70 patients) and the trial had to stop early due to lack of data. In the four trials in the group of patients that had been given the stem cell transplants, there were no clear effects on risk of death, tumour of the lungs (trachea or lung) or any other cancer. The effect of HDT was not found for relapsed patients. For patients who have relapsed of cancer, there is some evidence of a strong PFS and OS advantage for HDT in the treatment group. These effects were seen in one trial (70 people) and were not found in all the other trials. Adverse events (mostly side effects) were more often in those who had HDT. There is a need to conduct more research to find out whether the PFS advantage will be transferred to an OS advantage in people who have had their cancer relapsed. This will be possible with the use of new drugs such as rituximab (a
We found 15 trials (1437 participants) that compared WDD with other antipsychotics or placebo or no treatment. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of people with schizophrenia when compared with no treatment or placebo. However, WDD was not found to be as good as other drugs for treating people with the disease. There was a high risk of bias in the included trials. When comparing WDD to other drugs, such as an anti-psychotic, there was no effect on people's long-term mental state. There were also more side-effects with WDD than with other drugs. When WDD + an antipsychotic was compared to antipsychotics alone, people were more likely to be in a good mood and had less weight gain. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. There is a need for more large, well-planned and well-reported trials to fully test the effect of WDD for the treatment of schizophrenia. WDD is often used as an add-on treatment in addition to the use of other drugs to treat the symptoms of the condition. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We found 12 RCTs with 799 adults and children with root resorption. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand and thermoelastic (nile) stainless steel versus superelastic (nickel) and other types of wire. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to analyse two of them. There is not enough evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment (measured on a scale of 0 to 100 mm per month) or pain at day 1 between the two types of wires. Pain was not measured. 2. Single-strand versus coaxial (nose-woven) supererelastic wire. We found one study (24 adults) in this comparison. There was no evidence that there was a benefit in terms of the rate of tooth movement over 12 weeks, pain or the time taken for the tooth to heal. 3. Conventional NiTi and conventional (non-nickel-titanium) NiTi wires versus each other. There are three trials in this area, but it was not appropriate to do a meta-analysis of all of them to draw conclusions about the effects of these materials. 4. Convenience and strength of the wire used to make the wire are the same as those used for the other comparisons. 5. The same amount of wire is required to make one of the other. 6. The number of participants in each of the six comparisons was not sufficient to reach a conclusion about the quality of the evidence. None of the studies reported on the adverse events, such as pain or tooth movement. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the comparisons. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that further research is very likely to have an effect on our confidence in the estimates of the effect and may change the
We found one very low-quality study of 306 people with a mean age of 86 years. The study was carried out across 16 nursing homes in France. This study did not measure any of our main outcomes but did measure behavioural change. It used three scales to measure changes in behaviour. We found that older people who received de-escalation treatment were less aggressive in all four domains, but there was no change in Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as the use of a chair, pacing, or repeating the same words, or in Physical Aggressive behaviour, like hitting, or swearing. There were no changes in the neuropsychiatric (psychiatric) or sensory (spectral) scores. There was no difference in the change scores on the Physically Aggressive scale. We rated the quality of this study as very low. This means that there is a high risk of bias in the way that the study was done and that we cannot be sure that the results are valid.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine of the trials compared different topical skin care products, and two trials tested a type of skin care procedure. One trial looked at the use of a skin cleanser, and found that it might be more effective than soap and water. The other two trials looked at a skin washcloth, which has cleansing, moisturising, and skin protectant properties. They found that the washcloth might be as good as or better than soap or water. One of the studies looked at frequency of use of the skin care product. It found that applying a leave-on skin care (moisturiser, skin cream, or both) might be better than not applying one at all. There was no data on side effects. The overall risk of bias was high. We found no trials that looked at whether people were more or less well-behaved, or whether there were any adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we are not sure about the results. More research is needed to find the best way to treat IAD.
We identified a total of 333 adults and children who had been diagnosed with IM. The antiviral drugs used were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and vincristine. All of the antivirals were taken by mouth. The length of treatment ranged from 20 days to six months. The age of participants ranged from two years to young adults. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The risk of bias for all of the studies was either unclear or high and so the results should be viewed with caution. There was a small improvement in the time from the onset of the disease to the end of treatment in the antiviral treatment group but this may not be of any effect in terms of clinical signs and symptoms or in the length of time it took for symptoms to resolve. There may be a longer time to complete the course of the illness in those who received antiviral therapy and this may be of a greater benefit than for those who did not receive the treatment. However, there was no improvement in time to recovery from the disease or in duration of lymphadenopathy. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral medication, but this was not sustained when treatment was stopped. For all other outcomes there is no difference in the number of patients who developed lymphadenitis in the treatment group and in the group that did not have treatment. The quality of the evidence is very low and so we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of the use of antiviral agents in the management of IM. Further research in this area is needed.
We found four trials with a total of 2250 adults who were randomised to treatment with insulin detemir or glargine. All four trials were of high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. Insulin glargate was dosed once-daily in the evening. In three of the trials, the insulin dose was once-a-day, with the option of an extra dose in the morning in three studies. In one trial, the dose was twice-daily. The results showed that there was no difference in blood sugar levels (glycaemic control) between the treatment groups. However, to reach the same level of glycaemic (blood sugar) control, patients had to be injected twice-a day in a higher dose. The studies did not show that the risk of weight gain was increased with use of this drug. It was not clear whether the use of the drug was related to any side effects. Only one study reported on health-sustained (health-based) quality of life, which showed no difference between the groups. The risk of death was not reported in any of the studies.
We found six randomised trials that compared SNS with placebo or no SNS for people with severe faecal incontinence. Six trials assessed the effects of SNS on the occurrence of episodes of fainting. SNS was used in 53 of the 53 patients in the SNS group compared to the control group who were not on SNS. The trial by Tjandra found that SNS could improve the number of times a week that people had to go to the loo. In addition, SNS reduced the frequency of bowel pain and bloats. Side-effects were reported in some patients: pain at the site of the implant (6%), and tingling in the groin area (9%). In the other trial, by Thin, 15 out of the 15 people who had SNS were found to be less likely to have an episode of faecate incontine than the group who had no stimulation. Side effects were found in three people: mild leg pain in one leg (1), and pain at implant site after insertion of a tiny device (2). In the study by Leroi, 7 of 34 people were not able to take part in the trial due to complications or the use of the implanted device. Twenty-four of the 27 people who could choose the time of day they would like to use SNS in, were able to do so. Outcomes were not reported for 19 out of 19 people who liked SNS and five out of 11 who did not. In the trial by Dinning, there was no change in the numbers of patients who had constipation. There were no side-effects in either group. The study by Sørensen found that in the 'on' group, there were no episodes of Fainting in either the 'off' or the ‘on' period. In contrast, in the group of five people who preferred SNS during the 'in' time, the frequency
We found that molar tubes and molar bands were more likely to fail when they were bonded with an adhesive than with a chemical-cured or light-cure. The risk of tooth decalcation was 57% and 25%, both in favour of the tubes. No other side-effects were found. The review did not find that there were any other side effects.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that met our criteria. We included 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall the quality of the studies was good, but only five studies had a high risk of bias for the way the EUS was performed. The results showed that EUS may be able to distinguish the stage of the tumour (T1 to T4) of people with stomach cancer, and that it might be helpful to guide doctors in the choice of the stage in which the cancer has spread to the lymph nodes. EUS might be useful in the early stages of the disease, but it is less helpful for the stage when the cancer is in the lymph node. We must be aware that the results are not precise and that there is a wide range of results. We could not find any consistent source of variation in the results. Moreover, we must be warned that doctors should be careful in the use of EUS in people with tumour of the stomach who have a tumour that has spread beyond the lymph-line.
We identified a total of six trials involving 492 participants. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The age of participants ranged from 40 and 47 years. The trials were at high risk of bias (risk of systematic errors (ie, there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusion by chance) and of play of chance (play of chance). The overall risk of death in the short-term was low in all trials. Long-term death was not reported in any of the trials. The rate of serious adverse events was the same in both groups (1.6%) in the day surgery group and 0.5% in the overnight stay surgery group. There was no difference in the rate of adverse events between the two groups. No significant difference was seen in quality of life, time to return to work, or in the number of people who had to be readmitted to the hospital. No difference was found between the groups in the risk of hospital readmission rate, and there was no change in the time taken for the patient to be discharged from hospital. Day-surgery does not appear to be as safe as overnight surgery, and does not seem to improve any outcomes for patients. The quality of the evidence is low due to risks of bias and risks of playing of chance. Therefore, there is a need for more trials to assess the benefits and harms of day- and overnight-stay surgery in laparoscopy for gallstones.
We found eight studies, involving 2488 people, that used high-concentration capsaicin to treat postherpate, HIV-neuropathy, and pain in the hands and feet. We found that people who used this medicine had more pain relief than those who did not use it. At both 8 and 12 weeks, about 10% more people had pain reduction of at least 30% and at least 50% with this medicine, compared with those who used a placebo (fake medicine) (placebo) (a pretend medicine). This was about the same as with other medicines, such as codeine. About the same was true for pain after a stroke (about 10%) and pain after HIV (10%) (both about 10%). The same was the case for painful HIV neuropathy (pain in the hand and feet) (2%). The study did not show a difference in pain between the two groups. There were no deaths in the study. We rated the risk of side effects as low to very low. Local side effects were common, but not often reported. Serious side events were no more common with treatment (3.5%) than with the 'fake' medicine, but there were more people who dropped out of the studies (21 to 67 per group, 21 to 67 events). We judged no deaths to be linked to the medicine. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for all outcomes. This means that we are not able to draw conclusions about the effect of this medicine on people with chronic pain.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 6343 participants. All three trials used the same method of measuring carotid stenosis, but differed in the type of stroke and the length of time it took to have a stroke. The risk of stroke was the same in both treatment groups. We found that people with less than 30% stenosis were at a greater risk of a stroke than those with 30% to 49% stenotic, and that surgery was of some benefit for those with 50%, 70% to 99%, and with no blockage of the artery. However, surgery did not have an effect on people with 50% to 69% stenous stenosis. We also found that there was no benefit in those with a blockage in the artery that was too close to the brain. We rated the quality of the evidence from the trials as low to high.
We found 10 studies with a total of 864 patients with a range of age, colitis, rectal cancer, and other disease. All of the patients had a stoma placed in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancers (37/60), ulcerative colitis (14/60) and other. Only one study compared the two types of stoma surgery. The results were not clear for the risk of parastomal herniation (a narrowing in the stoma that can lead to a blockage of the entrance to the bowel) or for the occurrence of ileus or stenosis, which is a narrowing that may lead to pain and swelling. None of the studies measured other stoma-based morbidity or death. The quality of evidence was low for all of the outcomes. The main reason for this was the lack of high-risk of bias. The available data did not show that one of the methods was better than the other for the main outcome. However, there is still a lack of data to show which is the best way to place a stomatopoietic stoma. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of supportive therapy in people with post-partum depression. We found 24 RCTs, with 2126 patients, which met our standards for quality of evidence. The studies were of very low quality. There was no difference in the rate of relapse, leaving the study early and quality of life. However, there were differences in some of the outcomes that we were most interested in, such as the number of people who were in hospital, and improvement in mental state. We also found that there were some advantages for other treatments such as psychosocial (e.g. counselling) and psychotherapy. There were no differences in the rates of discharge from the study, relapse, mental state or satisfaction of care for those who had received the treatment. When we compared the results of the same group of patients in the same study who had been in supportive therapy with those in standard care, we found no difference between them. We did not find that there was a difference between groups in terms of change in the percentage of patients who were discharged from hospital. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up to date as of March 2012. Four new studies were added after the 2012 search. Overall, the quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the results.
We found 11 studies, which included 949 people with cancer pain lasting one week or longer. Most participants had pain that was not worse than mild, but a few had more severe pain. Most of the people in the studies had cancer that was worse than moderate, but some had milder pain. All participants received an NSAID, and most had a placebo (a drug that looks and works the same as the NSAID but has no effect) or another type of drug. We did not find any studies that compared NSAIDs with each other, or with other NSAIDs. We found that some people with severe cancer pain can improve their pain to no worse than a mild pain after one or two weeks of treatment, and some people have pain that is mild or very mild. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. There was no high- or low-risk of bias in most studies, and we were unable to draw conclusions about the effect of NSAIDs alone, or in a combination with the same dose of the same drug. There were 22 deaths, but these were not clear-cut and were not linked to any pain treatment. Adverse events were rare, but were common. Withdrawals were common, with 24% of people dropping out of studies due to lack of effect or side effects. We do not know if there is any benefit from using NSAIDs to treat cancer pain. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017.
We found that there are no trials that have been done comparing low-molecular-weight heparins with other types of heparin in people with sickle cell blood disease. We found that people who took tinzaparin had less pain in the short-term (at one day) and more in the long-term, i.e. at the end of one week, than those who took a fake drug (placebo). They also had less time spent in hospital (4 days less) and had a shorter duration of painful crises (1.78 days) compared to those who received the fake drug. There were no reports of any side effects in the group of patients who took the real drug, and none in the placebo group. However, there were too few events to be able to draw any conclusions about the safety of this type of drug in this group of people. There was not enough information to draw conclusions about its use in the longer-term in this population. There is a need for more well-planned, well-conducted, placebo-controlled trials in this area. We rated the quality of evidence for most of the outcomes as very low. The main reasons for this were lack of precision and imprecision (due to the small number of events).
We did not find any randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs. There were also no randomised studies that looked at the same drugs in the same way. We found that there was no clear difference in the risk of death or of having a stroke in the group of patients who were treated with both drugs. The risk of bleeding in the brain was the same in both groups. However, there was a trend in favour of the drugs that were thought to reduce blood clots. There is no evidence to support the use of these drugs for the treatment of the carotid artery dissection.
We found 26 RCTs involving 2066 patients. We grouped results by wound type, and we found that there is not enough evidence to conclude whether silver-containing dressings or other agents (such as cream or dressings) help wounds to heal. There is some evidence that the use of a silver-based dressing can help wounds heal more quickly, but not all of these studies have been of high quality. We found that some of the dressings (SSD cream) may prevent wound infection.
We found 12 studies with 3571 adults with VAP. All but one study reported sources of funding or authors were associated with the drug company that made the drug. All included studies examined the empiric use of one type of drug for the treatment of VAP, but the types of drugs used by each study varied. We did not find a difference in all-cause deaths, death from any cause, length of stay in the ICU, or side effects of the drugs. We found that carbapenems may be a better drug for treating VAP and may be better than other types of antibiotics. We also found that there was an increase in the chance of being cured of all infections in the patients who were treated with tigecycline (an antibiotic) and imipenem (an antibiotic) and there was no effect on the risk of death or side-effects. We could not assess the best treatment for VAP because of lack of studies, but we did find that people who were put on a low dose of carbapene were more likely to be cured than people on a high dose. There was no difference in length of time spent in ICU between the groups. We rated the quality of evidence for the number of people who died, and for the percentage who were cured, as very low. We assessed the results for the proportion of patients who had no side effects, and we found that side effects were low.
We included 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled and the rest were not controlled) of 11 drug groups in our review. We found that the impact of policies varied by drug class and whether they were implemented or not. When policies targeted gastric-acid and non-steroidal (e.g. stomach-acid suppressant) drugs, people stopped using drugs and spent less on other health services, but there was no change in the use of other health care. When we looked at the other drugs targeted, we found that restrictions to the use and use of these drugs led to less drug use and more savings on drugs. However, people treated with these drugs stopped taking them, and there were no clear benefits or harms. The same was true for drugs used for the prevention of schizophrenia. Relaxing the rules for the cost-free use of the drugs could lead to more people using them, but this did not lead to a change in overall drug use. There was no clear impact on the health of people who were not in the targeted drug group. We did not find that patients who were in the drug group were more likely to stop taking their drugs. There is a need for more research to find out which drugs are the best to use and which are the worst.
We searched for randomised studies that compared one-to-one OHA to no OHA or to other methods of OHA. We found 19 studies with a total of 4232 adults and children with gingivitis or plaque in the gums or teeth or both. There was not enough high-quality evidence to recommend any method of one-tombing OHA for improving oral health or to be more effective than any other method. More research is required.
We found five small trials that included a total of 49 people with adhesive capsulitis. Two of the trials (30 and 49 participants) were of oral steroids or placebo (e.g. tablets or capsules) and one was of no treatment. The other trials were of different doses of the same steroid and used a range of different dosages. One trial (40 participants) was of a placebo-controlled trial and the other three were of a no treatment trial. One study (28 participants) used oral or intra-articoid steroids and one trial (32 people) used the same type of steroid but used a different dose. One of the studies (40 people) found that people who were treated with a steroid for 6 weeks had less pain, more range of movement of the shoulder and less pain on a 0 to 10 point scale, and were able to move more of their arm and leg. The trial did not find that the effect was maintained after 6 weeks. One other trial (28 people) did not show that there was a benefit in pain or range of range of movements with oral steroids but it did show that people in the steroid group were more likely to be able to use the arm and arm more than those in the no-drug group. A third trial (30 people) showed that the use of a steroid was no better or worse than no treatment after five months. There were no side-effects reported. Overall, we found that the short-term effects of oral steroid may not be maintained after six weeks. There was not enough data to draw conclusions about long-term benefit.
We found three trials with a total of 50 people with ALS. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor quality and had a high drop-out rate. None of the trials provided information on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One of the studies did, in fact, report some of our other outcomes. No difference was seen in the ALSFRS-r and MMT scores at 12 months in one trial. No adverse events were found in the trials. However, in view of the small sample size, the quality of the evidence, and the lack of data, we were not able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness and risk of side-effects.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1049 participants in this review. All trials had a placebo group, none had a control group, and all had a high risk of bias. In one trial, the addition of plasma exchange to prednisone gave significantly more disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg) than prednisolone alone, while in the other trial there was no benefit at 6 months. No effects were seen for the use of other types of corticosteroids, such as tetracycline, or for the same dose of the same drug in different forms. There was no difference in the number of deaths or side-effects. There were no differences in healing in one trial. In another trial, oral clobetasol (clobetol) showed more control of BP with less risk of death and side-side-effects than the usual dose of oral (orzoate) prednesolone in people with more than mild BP. There is no evidence to suggest that a higher dose (1.0 mg or more) than 0.75 mg/day is better than the lower dose, and a lower dose may be adequate to treat BP and to reduce the risk of side effects. Very strong and very safe steroids are good treatments for BP, but their use in more severe BP may be limited by side effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (use of lower drugs) are safe and good for BP in adults. The effects of adding plasma, azathioprine, or mycophenolate, or both are not yet known. The use of Chinese traditional medicine for BP is not shown in one of the trials. More research is needed to find the best dose and type of steroids for people with BP, and to find out which is best to use.
Herbal medicines have been proposed as a way to treat symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. Herbal medicines are herbs that may be taken by mouth or by mouth only. Herbs may be used to treat the symptoms of the condition. The aim of this review was to assess the effects of herbal medicines compared with no herbal medicine, placebo, or other treatments. The review of trials found that some of the herbal medicines may be helpful, but the results should be viewed with caution due to the small size of the trials and the lack of data. There were no major side-effects from any of the herbs. More research is needed on the use of some of these herbs.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the use of LNG in the pericoital area to prevent pregnancy. The trials included a total of 12,400 participants. The drugs and doses evaluated were levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg and other drugs, other LNG, and other hormones. Most of the studies were from Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The LNG drugs used were either LNG or other drugs. We found that the LNG method was safe and effective, with a low rate of adverse events. Most women liked the method in the short term in spite of frequent bleeding. Other drugs appeared promising but most of them were not studied very well. The results showed that LNG is safe and can be used as a stop-pill method. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the effect and safety of pericoithic LNG as a primary method of birth control. If the method is shown to be safe and safe, it could change the current World Health Organization guidelines.
We included 15 studies with a total of 561 patients from five countries. The studies were from Europe, India, China, South Korea, USA and the USA. The age range of most of the patients was from 12 to 54 years, with a greater number of girls than boys. Most of the participants were teenagers or young adults. The length of time taken for the teeth to heal was no longer than three years in three studies, but there was no evidence that any of the methods was better than the other. We found that there was strong evidence of an effect of the use of surgical anchorage on the number of teeth that healed. There was no clear difference in the time that the teeth took to heal between the two types of surgery. No study reported on harms of the surgery or the other methods. There is a lack of good-quality data on the side-effects of surgery, and no studies have looked at the harms of other types of anchorage. The results from the mini-screw implants are promising.
We found 50 studies with 45,285 adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We included 47 studies (39,820 participants) that compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies (5547 patients) that tested different statins in CKD patients. We were able to combine the results from 38 studies (37,274 people) that we could analyse. We found that the risk of bias was high in most of the studies, which means that the results may not be valid. The results showed that people who took a statin had a 20% chance of dying from all cause (heart attack, stroke, all-cause death, and heart-disease-like events), or from heart attack or stroke, or from any cause. The risk of death was 20% in people who had not yet had heart disease at the start of the study. We are not sure about the effects of statin treatment on risk of stroke, death, or heart attack in the long-term. Adverse events were reported in 32 studies (68%) and were not well-reported in 16 of these (34%). We were not able to draw any conclusions about harms from the use of these drugs. We also found that there were few events that were of interest in the short-term (e.g. low blood pressure, high blood sugar, and high blood pressure) and that the effects were not clear in the longer term (over the long term). We are uncertain about the risks of adverse events in patients who have had a stroke or died from heart disease. There was no clear effect of treatment on people who did not have heart problems at the time of the trial. We did not find any clear effects of the drugs on kidney function. We could not tell whether or not statins had an effect on the time to death, risk of heart attack, or death in people not on CKD. There were also no clear effects on
We found nine trials with a total of 379 adults and children with cystic fibroids. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All of the trials had a primary outcome of pain. Pain was assessed in five of the eight studies and was a secondary outcome in five studies. All trials assessed the use of bisphosphonates (drugs used to treat bone pain) and all of the OI trials used the same drug (bisphosphate). None of the other drugs used as painkillers in this group were evaluated in the trials. Only one of the studies had over 100 people. For the two ITB and BoNT-A trials, in the same patient group but at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the treatment group. At the time of follow-up in both BoNT A and B trials, there was no difference in pain in the two groups. The adverse events in the ITB trials were mostly in those who had received the drug and involved seizures. In the BoNT trial, there were eight adverse events, most of which were in the group that had the drug alendronate. In one trial there were also problems with swallowing and seizures. The trial did not state if these were caused by the drug. The one pamidronate trial found no effect in pain. No side effects were found in this trial. We are not sure if any of the drugs commonly used as analgesics in this patient group are safe or effective. The trials were of mixed quality. The drugs used were all adjuvants and not often used in treatment for pain in paediatric patients. We were not able to assess the effects of drugs on pain in CYP with LLCs due to the lack of data.
We found a total of 1697 people with AD who had been taking latrepirdine for at least six months. Three of the trials (1243 patients) looked at the effects of the drug on cognition, and four of the studies (1034 patients) examined the drug's safety and tolerability. We did not find any difference in the number of people who dropped out of the study due to adverse events or dropouts due to side-effects. The results were imprecise and we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of lat repirdine on cognition or function. There was some low- to high-quality evidence that there may be a benefit on behaviour in patients with AD. We considered the quality of the evidence provided on these outcomes to be low. However, there was some high-to-very low-risk-of-adverse events (side-effects) and adverse events (dropouts) data from the same number of patients in the same group of patients. The overall quality of evidence was low to very low due to imprecision in the results.
We found that RIC may reduce the risk of a stroke in people with a stroke due to blockage of a blood artery (known as carotid stent) in the brain. There was no effect of RIC on the number of people who had a stroke, but RIC was effective in preventing a stroke. In addition, RIC might reduce the stroke in some people who have a stroke but not all. The risk of stroke was reduced by RIC in those who had an ischaemic stroke and there was no difference between RIC and no RIC for the severity of the stroke. RIC treatment may increase the chance of death or dependence in the short term in patients who have an acute stroke. We found low- to very low-quality data on the long-term effects of the treatment. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for both outcomes. This is due to the lack of high- and low-risk of bias in the studies and the small size of the studies.
We found six randomised studies, including 204 preterm infants, that looked at the effects of adding protein to the milk of preterm preterm babies. We found that protein added to the breast milk increased short-term growth, length, and head growth. However, there was no clear difference in the rate of growth of skin fold thickness, or in the risk of stomach ulcers or necrotising ulcers. We did not find any clear effects on length, weight, body mass, or brain growth. There was no evidence of a clear effect on risk of feeding intolerance. There were no data about long-term weight gain, body fat, height, muscle mass, and bone growth. We could not draw conclusions about the risks of the use of protein in preterm and low-nutrient infant foods, due to the small sample sizes and the low quality of evidence. Our findings may not be clear in low-resource groups, as none of the studies were done in those groups.
We found 45 studies comparing PEMs to no intervention or to other types of intervention. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and when used as a PEM, the PEM may have a small benefit on the outcomes of professionals. We could not comment on which PEM characteristics might have made them more effective. We did not find any effect on the health of patients. There was not enough data to be able to assess the impact of PEM use on patient outcomes. The effect sizes were not large, and we do not know if they would be the same if used as part of a larger, more complex intervention.
We found 23 RCTs, most of which were from the USA and were conducted in health-care clinics. The majority of these provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills (e.g. use of condoms) and other skills. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider and behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed, including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials mentioned HPV or cervical cancer. Behavioural interventions for young girls which aim to help them change their behaviour and reduce the risk of getting STIs can be effective. There were no studies that looked at abstinence from or reducing sex. There was no evidence that it had an effect on the number of men who got STIs. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found twenty studies with a total of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or with other forms of delivery of care. One study compared brief psychosocial training with a form of therapy known as cognitive behavior therapy. We found that brief psychoeducational treatment was more likely to help people to take their medication in the short term, and to do so more often in the medium term. It was not found to be as good in the long term. People who received brief psychoeducation were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those who did not, in both short term and long term, but not in the longer term. We also found that people who had a brief psycho-educative treatment were less prone to relapse (disease) and were more satisfied with their treatment. We did not find that there was a change in quality of life, nor was there a change found in the risk of death in both groups. There was no change in the rate of relapse in either group. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low. The main reasons for this were that there were few studies, and that the findings were based on a few, small, and short-term, studies. There is a need for more large, high-quality, long-term research in this area.
We found 11 studies with 9839 people with COPD. Most of these participants had moderate to severe COPD, and had not experienced a flare-up (exacerbation) in the past year. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one of the studies were sponsored by a drug company, and all but one were funded by drug companies. Five of the 11 studies were of high risk of bias due to the way they were done, and the fact that they were not well-conducted. We found that LAMA+LABA was better than LABA+ICS in terms of the occurrence of flare-ups, serious adverse events, lung function, and quality of life. The risk of death from any cause was lower in the LAMA-LABA arm, and there was a greater chance of an increase over 4 points in the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the start of the trial. We also found that the risk of pneumonia was less in people who received LAMA plus LABA, and that there was an improvement in the SGRQ. Our results are based on data from a small number of studies with a short-term follow-up of less than one year. The results of this Cochrane systematic review suggest that the use of LAMA + LABA is better than LAMA alone for the treatment of COPD and supports the guidance of the Cochrane Lung Health Group (GOLD) for the care of adults with chronic obstructive lung disease.
We included three RCTs with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. The duration of the studies was from 7 to 16 months. All studies were from the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). Heliox was administered as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen. In one study of 15 children with mild croup, heliox was compared with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. It is unclear if there was a difference in croup score at 20 minutes between the groups. The mean croup severity score was not reported in this study. All children were discharged from hospital, but it is not clear if they were re-hospitalised. In the other study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup had one dose of dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. The children had a lower mean lung rate and heart rate in the heliox group than in the 30% treatment group. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen with one or two doses of adrenalin. It was not known if there were any side events in the group of children who were given heliox. The third study of 29 children with serious croup gave them a dose of intramusculous (intrinsic) steroids (dilaudid) and another dose of heliox, or both, and they had one to two dabs of nebulised saline for three hours. There may be no effect on the risk of admission to hospital in this group. We assessed the results for all outcomes in this trial as of low quality, due to poor reporting and imprecision. We could not combine results from the three studies due to each study only using data from one study. We found that heliox may not be more effective than 30% airway ventilator for the short-term care of children with croup. Heliox may be
We found that the use of many red flags is not helpful in identifying patients with LBP. Based on evidence from a small number of studies, few of the red flags used are helpful in the diagnosis of LBP and most are not of high quality. Most red flags have a high risk of bias and can lead to a false positive. It should be noted that many red flag tests have high rates of false positive, which means that if they were to be used they could lead to the wrong diagnosis.
We found that there were not enough data to decide which treatment is best for men with urethral stricture. There were no differences in the time to free from stricture at three years, but men who had urethrotomy were more likely to need further surgery in the first six months of treatment. After two years, 16 out of 25 men treated by urerotomy had to have further surgery or self-dilatation or surgery for stricture recurrences. There was not a difference in the cost between urethroplasty and other treatments.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our criteria. A total of 1211 adults and children with confirmed, or suspected, asthma who were followed-up for 12 to 52 weeks. There was no difference in the risk of patients with a flare-up (one or more asthma flare-ups) in the daily ICS group (17% to 25%), but there was a 19% risk in the group on the other hand (range 17% to 26%). Age, severity of airway obstruction, step-up method used to reduce the use of corticosteroids in the event of an attack and trial duration did not influence the main results. No group difference was observed in the number of serious adverse health events (1055 adults and 532 children) or in the rate of severe side-effects. In children, the effect of using an inhaled budesonide or beclomethasone (budesonide and beclomehasone) on lung growth was similar to that of using a daily inhaled ICS (0.41 cm change from the start of the trial) compared to daily treatment. The risk of serious side- effects was 19% with daily inhaling ICS and 17% with a daily inhaler (range 19% to 24%). There was a 2.56 cm change in peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) from baseline (range 4.49% to -0.63%), fewer symptom-free days (range 0.15% to 0.03%), more asthma control days (9% to 9%), more use of rescue β2-antihistamines (puffs) by 0.12 puffs/day and a greater increase in exhaled nitric oxide of 16.80 parts per billion (range 11.95% to 21.64). In adults, there was no significant group difference in forced expirator volume in one second (FEV1
We found 17 studies (1639 participants) that assessed the effects of a range of diets on people with CKD. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 patients who had a kidney transplant, and 10 included 1130 people who had CKD in stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) looked at dietary advice with or without lifestyle advice, and six studies (739 people) assessed the effect of a wide range of dietary patterns. One study (191 people) was of a low-iron, polyphenol-based, low-fat, high-protein, fruit and vegetable diet, and two studies (355 people) of a Mediterranean diet and one (12 people) study of a high-protein/low carbohydrate diet. We found that the risk of ESKD was low, and that people who followed a healthy, moderate to high-nutrient diet may be less likely to have cardiovascular events (e.g. heart and blood pressure) than those who did not. We also found that a healthy diet may lead to a better health-rate (a measure of health) and a lower risk of adverse events. We did not find evidence of a benefit on all-cause death or heart-stroke. The risk of heart attack or stroke was low in all 17 studies, but we cannot be sure of this due to lack of data. A high-fat and low-protein diet may have a beneficial effect on blood pressure. A low-lipid diet lowered serum LDL (cholesterolemia), which is a type of blood lipids that can cause high blood pressure and high cholesterol. We are uncertain about the impact of diet on death and heart events in CKD, as these events were rarely measured or found in the studies. The evidence was of low to very low quality. This means that we are not certain that our findings are accurate.
We found only one study that met our criteria for the review. This was a study of a group of children aged from seven weeks to 24 months with bronchiolitis. Participants were randomised in three groups: nebulised salbutamol, saline and mist in a tent. The study found that the use of a saline spray was more effective than a saline washout. There was no clear difference in the number of children who had a better response to the saline spray. The results did not show that mist or steam was better than saline washouts. We did not find any side effects of the treatments. We conclude that there is not enough data to make a firm conclusion about the best way to treat this type of illness in children.
We found four randomised controlled trials (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years) comparing statins with a non-steroidal anti-blocker (placebo) treatment in 1154 people with Alzheimer's. All participants had a diagnosis of AD and most were on a statin. The main outcome in all four trials was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale (ADAS-Cog) from the start of treatment. When we pooled data, we found no effect from statins on ADAS-cog. There was no effect on change in Mini Mental State (MMSE) and there was no benefit from statin in MMSE. Three of the studies reported side-effects from the use of statins and when we pooled the data, there were no major side effects. We assessed risk of bias as low for all four studies. We found no studies on the role of the statin cholinesterase inhibitor, a type of drug that is thought to reduce the risk of stroke, in the treatment of VaD.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2010. We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared night splinting and prednisone treatment in Charcot-Marie-Tooth and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. There was no benefit from night splints in either of these two types of disease. One of the RCTs found that increasing the dose of prednisones from 0.75 mg/kg/day to 1.5 mg per day did not improve the range of motion of the foot. The other RCT found that the dose was too low to be of benefit. One RCT evaluated surgery in 20 young boys with Duchennes disease. At 12 months after surgery, boys in the group that had surgery had a greater range of range of movement in their leg at 12 months than the control group. However, by 24 months, many of the surgery-treated boys had a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. There is no evidence of benefit from any treatment for increasing the range-of-movement of the leg in either disease. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised trials (5218 women) that compared upright and ambulant with recumbent (with bed) or bed care (with epidural) in low-risk women in labour. The first stage of labour was one hour and 22 minutes shorter for women who were in an upright position. The risk of caesarean birth and the need for an epidural was also reduced. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal care unit, but this was based on one small trial. There were no clear differences between the groups for other outcomes, such as length of time spent in labour, or the well being of mothers and babies. There was no change in the risk of the baby needing help to breathe, or in the time taken for the baby to be born. There is clear and clear evidence that the upright (walking or standing) position in the first phase of labour (the first stage) is safe and effective, and does not increase the number of women who need help to breath, need for the epidural (epidural), or need for more intervention for the babies. It does not seem to have any effect on the babies' well being. More high-quality, well-designed, and well-conducted trials are needed to confirm the true risks and effects of the upright and mobile (e.g. on breathing, heart rate, and blood flow) and bed-to-bed rates.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) for the use of treatments for TOS, but none had a long-term follow-up. The first study compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavic surgery (SNBP) and found that TFRR caused less pain than SNBP. There were no side effects in either group. The second trial compared botox (botulinum toxin) treatment with saline and saline and found no effect of the BTX on pain, but it did improve paresthesias at six months. There was very low risk of bias in both studies. There is very low evidence that transaxile first rib (TFRR) reduces pain more than the use (by removing the first rib) of a person with TOS. However, there is no evidence that one is better than the other. The trial had a high risk of play of chance (bias) and was not well-conducted. The last trial, which was well-run, found that the botox was no better than saline in terms of pain. There are no other currently used treatments. We found no evidence from RCTs for other treatments.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 participants were included. A hand brace reduced pain and function after four weeks compared with no treatment. In one trial involving 51 people, yoga reduced pain after eight weeks in a group of 51 people. In another trial involving 21 people people, carpal bone mobilisation, which involves the mobilisation of the carpal bones, was found to be more effective over three weeks. One trial involving 50 people used a range of treatments to treat pain and muscle pain. In the same trial, 50 of the 50 participants used an ergonomic keyboard. Other non-surgical treatments do not improve pain or function. There is no evidence to show that any of the treatments are safe or that they last for long. More trials are needed to assess the long-term effects of treatments and to find out which is the best way to treat wrist pain and how well they work. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2013.
We found two RCTs that enrolled a total of 708 adults with CRVO-ME. The studies compared IVS versus no IVS in a group of adults who had both branch and central retinal vein occlusion. One of the trials, called SCORE, enrolled 165 participants. The other, called GENEVA, enrolled 290 participants. We found that IVS treatment was not associated with an increase in visual acuity after six months. However, eyes treated with IVS were five times more than those in the control group in the SCORE study. The results from the GENEVA study did not show an effect of IVS. The number of eyes lost to follow-up was high with 10% in the IVS groups and twice as much (17%) in the non-injectable group. The most common adverse events were high blood pressure (e.g. eye swelling), cataracts, and retinal neovascularization (scarring of the vein wall). We graded the quality of evidence as low due to the lack of data and imprecision of results.
We found six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of these six trials showed a benefit of intranasal corticosteroids in children with adenoids that are larger than the size of the adenoid. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) for 40 days led to a greater reduction in the mean symptom score than placebo. The second four-week trial showed that in 38% of patients, the nasal obstruction was reduced by at least 50% in the first week, and in none of the patients treated with placebo. In the third parallel-group trial, 77.7% of children treated with mometasone (100 mcg per day) for a minimum of 40 days showed an improvement in nasal obstruction and a decrease in adenoidal size, such that adnoid surgery could be avoided in 77% of the children, and there was no improvement in the number of children who were treated with a placebo (P < 0.01). The fourth study showed a greater decrease in the size and number of patients who had a nasal obstruction with flunisolide (500 mcg a day) than with isotonic saline, and the fifth trial showed a larger reduction in size with fluticasone compared with normal saline. Adenoid surgery was avoided in 76% of those who had been treated with flutisolide. In contrast, one of the other trials did not find a benefit in the reduction of nasal blockage and adenol size after eight weeks of treatment with a corticostomy.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving a total of 24 women) from Mexico. This study was at low risk of bias in three domains, but was assessed to be at high risk of a bias in one due to lack of concealment and blinding of the group to which the drugs were given, and unclear for the use of blinding in the other. The study did not report on any of this review's main outcomes. For the mother, these were: death, stillbirths, perinatal deaths (births in the first week of life), death before the first 28 days after birth, deaths after 28 days; preterm birth (birth in utero at or after 20 weeks' birth); and side effects of the treatment. The baby had a low Apgar (a score that rates the baby's growth) score at birth and five minutes after birth. The included trial did not find a clear difference in the Apgar score of the baby between the two groups. The trial did find that there was a reduction in the mother's diastolic (the top of the heart) pressure, but there was no clear change in the mean arterial (pressure in the blood) or systolic (pressure at the top and bottom of the blood), which were the other results of this study. There is not yet enough evidence to show that epidural treatment for severe pre-eclampsia is safe and effective. More research is needed.
We found 16 randomised controlled trials that compared glucocorticostoids with placebo (a fake drug) or no intervention. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for the review. The trials were of high risk of bias (risk of play of chance), and all were at some risk of random error (ie, there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions due to bias). The mean age of participants ranged from 25 and 70 years old, and 65% were men. Follow-up was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, or for at least one year, when reported. We are very uncertain about the effect of glucocouricosteroids on the risk of death (all-cause deaths) and on health-wise quality of life up to three months after treatment. We found no evidence of effect on the occurrence of adverse events during or after the end of the treatment. There was very low-certainty data for all-cause death and on the number of people with any adverse events. We also found very low certainty about the effects of the drugs on liver-related death, and on non-harmful events, due to poor reporting of the trials. We do not know if there is a benefit or harm from the use of these drugs. We need to know more about the safety and long-term side effects of this drug. We cannot rule out any harms from its use. Therefore, we need more trials that are of high quality, that are not based on a fake drug (placebo), and that are well-run (where there is no real drug) and run over a long period (over three months).
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 245 adults with stroke. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the time after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were small, and interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was not possible to pool the results. All four RCTs used a type of'simulator-based' (e.g. a driving simulator) programme that trained people to learn to drive on their own. There was no clear improvement in the scores of people's on-road driving skills in any of the four studies, or at six months. However, road sign recognition was better in the one study that used this method. Adverse events were not reported. We found no data on the effects of the use of a simulator-based programme on vision, other aspects of cognition (such as the speed of sight), motor and functional activities, and driving skills. We were not able to draw conclusions on the effect of the programme on the quality of life of people who took part in the study. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects on on- road skills after stroke, and we could not draw any conclusion on the impact of the intervention on the number of times a stroke patient was able to drive. It is not clear which of the approaches is best to help people with stroke to improve their driving skills, and it is unclear which is the best to use. The use of the simulator may be beneficial in the short-term and long-term, and may be an approach that can be applied to people with a stroke. There is not yet clear evidence that on-based rehabilitation can help to improve people's driving skill after stroke. More research is needed to answer this question.
We included eight studies with 582 adults with COPD. The mean ages of participants were 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men varied (58% to 84%), and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Five of the studies were in hospitals, and the other five were in clinics. People were treated with corticosteroids for three to seven days in the short term (three to 10 days) and for 10 to 15 days for the longer term (10 to 14 days). Five studies used prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and two used corticostimulants (intravenous corticotensin-concentrate (IVC) or hydrocortisone (HCT) or both) to give to people with an acute flare-up of COPD, and we did not find that shorter (around five days) courses of corticogenic drugs were any more or less safe or effective than longer courses (10 days or more) of these drugs. Five studies did not show that the risk of relapse (a new event) was any greater with short- or longer-duration corticopressors than with longer- or 10-day courses. Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was powered to detect non-inferiority and compared five days versus 14 days of systemic corticoid treatment. Length of time spent in hospital and lung function at the end of treatment did not change between short- and long- or long-term treatment. We graded most of the evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an effect on our confidence in the results or may change the results.
We found one trial (13 participants) that looked at the use of red blood cell transfusions in people with MDS. The participants were adults who had been on supportive treatment only. The one included study compared giving red blood cells to those who did not need the transfusion or not. There was no difference in all-cause deaths (deaths due to any cause) or in the number of blood transfusions. There were no anaemia-related (cardiac) problems (heart or lungs) or adverse events (blood loss) reported. The study did not report the risk of death due to bleeding/infection or transfusion reactions or iron (iron is a protein in the blood) or quality of life. The trial did not look at the length of time that patients spent in hospital, or the need for hospital admission. The results did not show that there was a difference between the groups in terms of risk of dying from any cause (all-cause death) or the total number of transfusions (1 RCT; 13 people). The one RCT included in this review was small and contained only 13 people. This means that there is a lack of evidence for the best way to give blood in bone marrow patients who do not need transfusion. More well-conducted, large-scale trials are required to find out which is the best method of transfusion for such patients.
We found that there is not enough high-quality research to assess the impact of games as a teaching method for health care staff. We found that the first study was based on the game show "Family Feud" and used a game-based approach. It did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The group that was given the game had higher scores on a knowledge test. However, the study did not find that the knowledge test was any better in the group that played the game. The results of the other study were the same. The findings of this review do not confirm nor refute the use of games to help train health care providers. There is a need for more research to find out if games can help improve health care workers' knowledge and skills.
The aim of this systematic review was to assess the effect of lithium or antidepressant drugs in the long-term treatment of relapsing symptoms in people with this condition. Eight randomised trials were included in the review. The results showed that when all kinds of relapse (both depressive and manic) were included (all kinds of relapses) there was a greater risk of relapse with lithium than with antidepressants. There were no other results for any of the other outcomes. It is not known whether or not these results would be the same in patients with other forms of the same type of condition. There is a need for further large-scale trials in a wide range of people with unipolar (bipolar or unipolar) mood disorders to find out if these drugs are safe and whether they can be used to treat relapse in this group of people.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of the amifostine on the salivary glands in high-dose treatment for thyroid cancer. The aim of the study was to find out if there is a benefit or harm in the use of a drug that is thought to reduce the spread of the thyroid cancer to the lymph nodes. The review found that the dose of the drug was not high, and that there was no difference in the occurrence of xerostomia (a condition where the growth of the tumour is too large to be seen with the naked eye) or blood pressure. There were no adverse effects on the function of salivial glands measured at three months after high dose treatment. There was no improvement in health-based or patient-oriented outcomes, no adverse events, and no costs. More high-quality and low risk of bias trials are needed to guide treatment choice.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years. All three studies were conducted in the USA, one in Canada and one in the US. One study was funded by a grant from the Hospital for Sick Children (a charity) and one by grants from other sources. The duration of treatment ranged from 12 weeks to six months. One of the studies provided nine group (group) group sessions and four home-based groups over a 13-week time period. The other study gave weekly, or twice weekly, clinic-based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours. The third study gave one 2- to 3-hour group session for 12 weeks. The results from the studies were not consistent. Two studies found no difference between the groups in the use of language skills, whether measured by direct assessment or by parent reports. However, one study found that children in the group could use more words that were targeted for their children, and this was still the case 12 months after the intervention. One trial found gains for the group in terms of total-language skills, and one found gains on social skills in the intervention group. None of the three studies found any differences in parental stress, and all three found that the parents talked to and talked to their children in a way that was more similar to how they would talk to them now, and in one of these, most of the strategies were still used by the parents 12 months later. No study found any loss of language in any of the groups at any time point after the end of the treatment. No trial found that language loss was seen in either group after the treatment, while one of the trials found that there was an increase in children's social skills and improvement in the way they spent time with other family members. One RCT found that mothers in the treatment group were more likely to have attended all of the group and home visits, and to have used the strategies
We found that there was not enough evidence to judge the effect of exercise-based heart valve surgery on the risk of death or on the number of deaths. We did find that there may be an increase in the amount of time that people can walk and run. We also found that people who have had heart valve surgeries may be able to do more than those who have not had surgery. We were not able to assess the impact of the type of treatment on the time that a person works out. We are not sure if there is an effect on the health-related (e.g. physical) quality of life of patients. There was not a lot of information on the impact on return to work. We rated the quality of evidence as very low to low. More high-quality, well-designed trials are needed.
We found five RCTs with 1130 participants. All five studies were from the same country and all were of the same type of palliative care, but it is not clear if all the patients in the groups had received a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor. It is not known whether the people in the other groups had also received some form of spiritual or religious support. The studies found that there was no difference in well-being for those in the group who received either the usual care or meditation. However, in the medium term when meditation was used in the short term it buffered against a reduction in well being. In the pallative care group there was a lack of clear benefit from the use of a pallist or a psychotherapist. Coping with the disease was not assessed in the studies. We found no studies that looked at the effect of other forms of support, such as prayer, on well-ness. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included six studies with a total of 137 patients with IPD. We found no studies that compared tDCS with sham tDCS (sham tDCS). We found that tDCS did not reduce the time that patients spent in the off and on time with dyskinesia or improve the quality of life. There was no evidence that patients dropped out of the study or had adverse events or deaths. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of tDCS on the physical health and mental health of patients. There is not enough evidence to know if tDCS is safe and whether it is effective in the short-term or long-term treatment of IPD, or if it has an effect on people’s daily life.
We included 12 studies with a total of 461 patients in this update of the review. All of the studies were at high or unclear risk of bias, which means that their results may be imprecise. We found that LASB does not appear to reduce pain in CRPS in the short-term. There was no difference in pain in patients with CRPS treated with corticosteroid or with local anaesthetics. There were no adverse events or side-effects. However, there is a lack of high-quality data to support or refute the use of this treatment for CRPS.
We included trials that compared the use of antivirals and corticostrophins (antivirals) in people with Bell’s palsy to corticosteroids alone or to no treatment. We searched for trials up to July 2018. We found 14 trials, with a total of 2488 participants. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias (risk of bias means that there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the research was done). We found that people with severe Bell's palsy may not have had a clear effect on whether they were able to walk, run, swim, climb, sit, or sit on their own when treated with antiviral drugs compared to those who were treated with corticotrophins alone. There was no clear difference in the number of people who had to have a second dose of corticopride (an antifungal drug) or corticoid (an antiviral drug) for at least six months after the end of the first dose. We also found that there may not be a clear impact on whether or not people had to take corticoids for six months to be able to get back to the same level of health as they were at six months of age. There may be no clear effects on whether people experienced long-term effects of Bell's pruritus after the first course of treatment, but we are not sure about this. We did not find any clear differences in adverse events between people who were given antiviral medicines and those who received either a placebo (a fake medicine) or no medicine. We rated the certainty of the quality of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, or high. Very low-certainty evidence means that we are very uncertain about the effect of the treatment. High-quality, well-designed, large-scale, high-quality research is needed to
We found that there is not a lot of information about the effects of LHRH agonists in the treatment of EOC in women who have had platinum-refractory (patients who have not been able to get better) and platinum-resistant EOC. We found that one study (Du Bois 2002) found that treatment with leuprorelin or treosulfan may not be as good as a chemotherapeutic agent (e.g. a drug taken by mouth) in terms of survival. There may be no difference in the time to death or time to progression of the cancer in the two groups. There was no information on the effect of these drugs on quality of life. Side effects such as hair loss, fatigue and hair loss were more common in the treo-gravir group. The other study, Currie 1994, found that decapeptyl was as good or better than a fake drug (fake drug) in improving the number of women who lived for at least six months and one year. There were no side-effects of the drug in the fake drug group. Adverse events were not well described in these studies. Overall, the quality of evidence for all outcomes (including OS, PFS, QoL and adverse events) is very low.
We found 17 studies that compared iNO with no iNO (placebo or standard care) or with other treatments. Ten of these included infants with a range of severity of lung disease. In these trials, iNO was used when the risk of death or the need for ECMO was high. In the other six studies, the risk was low. Inhaled nitric oxide appears to be safe and effective for term and newborn infants with low blood flow in the lungs. We found that iNO may have a role in reducing the number of deaths and the use of ECMO, but iNO did not reduce the need to use ECMO. We did not find that babies with a diaphragm hernia had better outcomes. Infants who had iNO were less ill than those who did not have iNO but had back-up treatment with iNO if their condition had not improved after two hours. Fewer of the newborns who were given iNO later had worse outcomes, which showed that giving iNO reduced the rate of the disease but did not increase the risk for death or use of an ECMO (high- and moderate-risk) or reduce the risk that the baby would need to be put on ECMO for a long time. The number of babies who had a low blood oxygen level (hypoxaemic) was reduced by 50% in 50% of those who were on iNO. The oxygen level was improved by an average of 15.1 on the OI and by 53 mmHg in the arterial blood pressure. The risk of dying was not affected by iNO treatment. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic (ECMO) results did not seem to have an impact on response to iNO in those who had this treatment. Outcomes of the babies with the hernia were not improved; outcomes were slightly, but not very, worse with i NO (low- to high-risk). Inf
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of lumbar-based treatments for low-back pain. We found fifteen randomised trials that met the required standards for the inclusion in the review. The results showed that there was not enough evidence to show that the use of these treatments is more effective than no treatment or other treatments for the treatment of low- back pain. There is still a need for high-quality, large-scale randomised studies to answer this question. One of the most important issues to tackle in these trials seems to be to make sure that people use the treatment to the same extent as they should be expected to do.
We found 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of CVCs. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, and included patients in the ICU, in hospitals, in the oncology and haematological (blood) or cancer units, and in patients who received long-term parenteral nutrition. The total number of patients enrolled was unclear, as some of the studies did not give us the exact numbers. We included one new study in this update, which brought the number of studies to 57. Overall, we found that the use of a CVC that was impregnated with an antifungal drug (antibiotic drug) was more than twice as likely to reduce the risk of blood stream infection (CRBSI) than a non-impregnated CVC. Catheter impregnation did not reduce the rate of sepsis, death from any cause, or the occurrence of catheter-based infections. We found that there was no clear advantage of impregnation in terms of the rates of catheter-related blood stream infections. There were no clear benefits of impregnation on the risk for any other types of infection. We did not find that impregnations had an impact on the numbers of patients who died. There was no difference between the groups in the rates for any of the adverse events, such as blood clots, bleeding, or pain at the site of the CVC, but this was not affected by the risk at the time of entry. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for CRBSI, all-cause deaths, and catters that were not impregnateable, and as low for catheter infection. The evidence for the other outcomes varied, and was downgraded due to risk of bias. We judged the overall effect of the impregnant CVC to be of high-quality.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of a range of nutrition interventions in 9261 infants and children and 3664 women. The interventions took place in slums or poor urban or periurban (poor) areas in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The studies were carried out in schools, schools, and hospitals in urban slums. Six of the studies were adapted to the slum context, and the other six were in the home, community, or other settings. The main outcomes were weight, height, and weight gain. There were no studies that looked at the effect of the interventions on weight gain or height. The review found that there was no evidence of an effect on weight or height of height. However, there was a reduction in weight and height at 18 months in children who were provided with nutrient supplements (micronutrient or macronutrients) compared with those not provided. There was no effect on height or weight gain, and no effects on length of life. All the interventions had the same risk of bias, which means that the results may not be valid. None of the trials looked at whether the interventions were more or less safe for the children. The risk of harm was low to very low. The quality of evidence was very low to low for all of the outcomes. This means that we are not confident in the results.
We found 12 RCTs involving 1023 people with venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in the number of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks in the three comparisons of foam dressings with polyurethane foam dressers (three trials) or with paraffin (two trials) gauze, or with a foam dressing (one RCT). There was also no clear evidence that foam dressing was any better than other wound dressing treatments in terms of the rate at which the ulcers healed. Six of the 12 studies were at high risk of bias, and the other six were at low risk. No included RCT was of high quality. The results of this review do not show that foam dressing is any more good than any other. More well--designed and rigorously-conducted studies are required to answer this question.
We found that celecoxib and etoricoxib do not worsen IBD symptoms. There was no difference in the number of patients who developed an IBD flare-up (breakdown of the IBD) after 12 weeks of use of the drugs. After 12 weeks the rate of IBD worsening was 17% (14/82) and 19% (15/77), which was the same as in the placebo group. After two weeks of treatment 4% (5/112) of the celecoxb group had an increase in IBD pain and 6% (7/110) in the 'placebo' group. GI AEs were reported in 3% of people in both groups and led to the end of treatment. These side effects were mostly mild and were not serious. No one in either group died. No side effects of rofecoxib, valdecoxib or lumiracoxib were found in the RCTs. We are uncertain as to whether these drugs are safe and how well they work in patients with IBD. We need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when we assess the short-term use of these two drugs in the short term for patients with rheumatoid and IBD patients.
We found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report the total number of participants). Most of the studies had small numbers of people (from 4 to 317) and short follow-up times (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six of the 22 studies included only people with ulcers that were infected; one of these had both infected ulcers and no ulcers; two had non-infected ulcers, and the other 13 did not have any ulcers. The studies used a wide range of treatments, and many were not well-conducted. We found that more wounds may heal when the wound was treated with an antifungal dressing than with a non-antimicrobial dressing. We also found that the risk of side-effects was low, and we are not sure whether there is a benefit or harm in the use of an anti-dressing. We are also not sure if there is any difference in the number of wounds that need to be resectioned (removal of the ulcer) or if there are any adverse events. The overall certainty of the evidence was low or very low for each of our key outcomes. This means that we are unsure of the true effect of the treatments. For the other outcomes we included, we found that there was not enough information to draw conclusions about the risk or harm of any of the treatment groups. The certainty of evidence ranged from low to very low.
We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We found that children who received zinc supplements had a 13% lower risk of pneumonia and a 41% decrease in the prevalence of pneumonia. When we looked at children who did not take zinc supplements, we found a 21% reduction in the number of children who got pneumonia. We did not find that zinc had an effect on fast breathing (i.e. fast breathing is breathing with or without the use of a mask to keep the airway open) or on the risk of chest pain. We rated the quality of evidence from the studies as low.
This is an update of a review published in 2004. We found 10 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-based, controlled trials (RCTs) including 33,179 adults and children. Eight of the 10 RCTs found no effect of vitamin A on the incidence of acute LRTI, or on the prevalence of symptoms of LRTIs. Three of the studies found no effects and no protective effect of the vitamin A. One RCT found that the risk of an adverse event such as cough and fever was increased in children who received a high dose of low-dose vitamin A compared to those who did not. Low-dose vitamins appear to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefits to high-dose. Therefore, the use of high dose or low dose vitamins should not be given to all children.
We found 20 RCTs comparing theophylline with a variety of other drugs (oral and inhaled) in adults with COPD. Concomitant therapy varied from none to bronchodilator plus corticosteroid (oral) plus steroids (or both). The quality of the studies was high. The main outcome was the amount of air that people could breathe out in one second. People who were on the drug for a long time were more likely to have more air in their lungs (forced expiratory ventricle (FEV1) and force of breathing (FVC). There was also a greater chance that they would be able to breathe out more freely (forced ventricles in one breath) and have a greater amount of blood in the blood (flow in and out of the lungs) when they took the drug. The people who took the drugs were more satisfied than those who took a dummy drug (placebo). Improvement in the number of people who could walk at a set time was not seen in most studies. There was no clear benefit of the drug on exercise. The risk of a side-effect (nausea) was greater in the theophiline groups than in the group that took the dummy drug. Very few patients dropped out of these studies.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different type of treatment. Three RCTs used placebo (pretend treatment) and the other seven used an egg-free diet as the control. We found that children who received treatment were able to eat more of the egg than those who did not receive treatment. Most children in the treatment group (82%) could eat a full meal (1 g to 7.5 g) of egg, compared to 10% of the control group (RR 7.48, 95% CI 4.91 to 11.38). Fewer than half (45%) of participants in the group that was treated with the immunotherapy could eat full meals of egg. One in 12 of the children had an allergen-specific epinephrine/adrenaline (ENP) allergic reaction (8.4%), and none in the other group. All 10 trials had a high risk of bias, which means that some of the results may not be true. The most frequent adverse events were mild-to-severe; 75% of children had mild- to-severe side-effects, and 6.8% of those in the placebo group. Of note, in three of the studies, an egg avoidance diet was used as the treatment. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of people, which may have been due to the food they ate. One child had an allergic reaction to an egg, and 2.6% had a mild to severe one. Overall, there was a lack of consistency in the way the studies were done. Eight of the 10 studies had at least one area of bias. The quality of the evidence was low due to small numbers of people and events, and the small size of the trials.
We found four studies with a total of 579 participants. All participants were adults and all had been diagnosed with syncope. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that there was no evidence that an ILR-based method reduced the risk of death in the long-term (more than six months after the end of follow-up) in those who were followed-up for at least six months. No data were available for short-term deaths. There was a trend towards a reduction in syncope relapses after diagnosis in people who had an implant of an interleukin-1 (ILR) in the first year after diagnosis, if the costs incurred by the ILR implant were counted. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implants. The risk of aetiologic diagnosis was increased in the group of patients who underwent ILR as compared to the group that did not have an implant. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes.
We found four studies that met our criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. All patients were randomised to surgery or sclerotherapy. All four studies were assessed as at low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, treatment bias and loss of patients. Blinding was not done in any of the studies. There was no difference in the cure rate in short-term studies. The number of haematoma (warts) was not different between the groups. The frequency of pain was higher in the surgery group but we could not pool the results. Only one study found that patients were satisfied with their treatment at three and six months. The risk of infection was similar in the two groups. Postoperative pain and cost as well as time to work resumption were less in the treatment group. However the recurrences of the disease were more in those who had surgery. There is a high need for more research in this area. All trials should have a large sample size and long follow-up time. The trials should be of high quality. They should assess outcomes such as pain, recreation, pain and fever, and should report on the cost of treatment.
We included one RCT that compared nebulised rhDNase with placebo in 40 children with airway malia and a lung infection. We assessed the study to be at a low risk of bias. We found that there was no difference between the groups for the number of children who were free of coughs at two weeks. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores (which are used as a tool to measure cough severity) was better in the placebo group. The children's cough was better at night in the control group, but not by as much. Other outcomes (such as dyspnoea, and the length of time it takes for a child to breathe out, and a child’s ability to open their airways) and lung tests were also better in children in the group on placebo, but the difference was not large. It is not clear whether this treatment is helpful or not for children with this type of disease. There is no evidence to support the use of any of the drugs that are currently used to treat this condition.
We found 21 randomised studies with 2658 adults and children. All of the studies assessed the effect of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen of these were of the form of CBT (CBT), and the remainder were of other forms of therapy, such as behaviour therapy, third-wave CBT, psychosocial therapy, psychodynamic, and integrative. We found no studies that used other types of therapy. We did not find any studies that looked at the effectiveness of any form of physical therapy. The average number of sessions in the studies ranged from one to 13, and follow-up varied from one day to nine months. The length of treatment was at least one year. Most studies were at least at least 12 months in length. The CBT group had a 7% lower risk of drop-out than the usual care group in terms of people who did not finish the treatment. Five of the 21 studies compared CBT with a waiting list, and found that CBT was no more helpful than enhanced care. Five studies compared some of the forms of treatment with the other forms. CBT did not reduce the severity of pain in the short term, and was no better than the other treatments. However, CBT reduced pain in people with MUPS in the long term. It is not clear whether CBT is more or less good than other treatments because of the fact that it did not seem to cause more harm. Most of the people in the CBT groups did not like CBT and were more likely to drop out of treatment. This means that we cannot be sure if CBT works for all patients. The overall results of this review show that there is a chance that some people may not like the treatment, but we are not sure how large this group is, and it is also not clear how much CBT should be used in practice. More research is needed in this area. We rated the quality of evidence from this review as low
We identified 40 new randomised studies and found that the risk of PPP was lower after an epidural for thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean birth. We could not pool data for adverse side-effects due to the lack of data. We found that there was no clear benefit of the use of local anaesthesia for breast cancer surgery. We also found low- to moderate-risk of developing PPP three to six months after breast surgery. There is low-quality evidence that regional anaesthetics may help to prevent PPP after iliac crest bone graft. We are not able to draw conclusions on other types of surgery because we found only a few studies. We cannot conclude on paravertebral block or local anaesthetic for other surgical procedures due to lack of research. We conclude that we are not sure whether or not regional anaesthesia is safe for people who have had breast surgery, and that there is no clear advantage or harm. We need more high-quality, large, high-risk and high-evidence-based studies, which are likely to have an impact on our confidence in the findings. We did not pool results for limb amputation, hernia, heart surgery or surgery on the leg.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. A search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database was run in 2008. The search is up-to-date as of March 2013. A total of 28 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this update. The drugs tested were: first- and second-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, ziprasidone, aripirazole, olanzapine, topiram, valproate, lamotrigine, and topiramine), antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and omega-3 fatty acids. All drugs were well-treatable in terms of drop-out rates. Data were sparse for the use of first- or second-gen antipsychotic drugs, and for other drugs, as well as for the long-term use of these drugs. There was a possible increase in self-harms, weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram (blood test) measurements with olanZapine. A decrease in body weight was seen with topiramate treatment. No clear benefit was found with any drug for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of loss, loss of self-worth, and loss of identity. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions.
We found a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom had completed the studies. We are uncertain if washout compared to no washout has an effect on the rate of urinary tract infection, length of time each catheters were in place or the time that each catheter was in place. There were very few trials that met our criteria for the review, and only a few were of high quality. Data from three cross-over (crossing over) trials were of low or very low quality, which means that we cannot be sure that their results are valid. Only one of the trials was free of flaws in its methods. The other trials were small and of poor quality. None of the studies looked at: the number of cathets used, washout use, how well the washout was accepted, pain, and ease of use, or the health of patients. There was no information about the cost of washout. The quality of the evidence was very low. More research is needed.
We found 30 studies (18,682 adult and child survivors of childhood cancer. Eighteen of these studies included 14,573 adults and 12 of them included children aged 16 and over. The age of the participants ranged from 6 to 18. We found substantial differences in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, cancer type, age of participants, the type of cancer, the way in which the cancer was treated, and the way that people were asked about fatigue. We were not able to pool results as we could not combine the results from the studies, so we have presented them in a way that makes sense to people who have been in the studies. It is not clear how many adults and children with cancer who are not severely fatigued after their cancer has been treated. In a subgroup of three studies (14,573 survivors) we found that children aged 18 years and up were more often fatigued. In the same group (13,952 adults) there were 4% to 61.7% of people who were not fatigued at the end of treatment. We also found that in the subgroup (12,952 adult survivors) of children who were 16 years old and over, there were 3% to 10.3% of those who were tired. We are not sure how many of the children in these groups were fatigued over the course of their cancer treatment. One study (102 adults) looked at this over time, and found that 32 of the 102 adults (31.4%) were still tired over a period of 2.7 years. They found that depression might be linked to tiredness. In contrast, age at diagnosis and education level did not seem to be associated with fatigue. The evidence in this review is weak, and it is unclear how many people with cancer are tired after treatment. This is also the case for the length of time that people are tired following their cancer and the strength of the relationship between tiredness and other risk and risk factors.
We found 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the type of antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and death in the control groups. The trials showed that the use of topical and systemic prophylactic (topical) antibiotics (antibiotics sprayed on the skin) reduced both the risk of acute bronchitis and the number of people who died but not the death rate. Antibiotics were not shown to be effective in reducing the risk or death rate in people who were treated with a systemic antifungal drug.
We found five randomised controlled studies that compared the use of PR in nursing homes and group dwelling units. Four of the studies were in the nursing home setting and one in the group dwelling setting. All of them looked at the effect of using PR in elderly people in the community. Three of the five studies were of low quality. One of them found no change in PR use in both groups after eight months. The other three studies found that PR use was reduced in the control groups after one to three years of follow up. One study in the home setting showed an increase of PR use after both groups in both the control and the intervention groups. The one study in group homes did not show any change after six months. Overall, there is not enough information to draw any firm conclusions about the best way to use PR in the long-term care of older adults.
We found four trials (416 women) comparing glucocorticoids with placebo (fake drug) in IVF/ICSI women. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The trials were small and had few events, so we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of adding a steroid to IVF or ICSI treatment on live birth rate. There was not enough evidence to say whether there was any difference between the groups in the chance of live birth or in the number of pregnancies. Our findings suggest that if the chance with placebo was assumed to be 15%, the chance following treatment with glucocorts would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate. Our results also showed that there may be little or no impact on multiple-pregnancy rate or miscarriage rate. Neither of the studies reported OHSS or side-effects. The overall quality of evidence was low or very low due to imprecision and few events. One of the trials gave a poor description of how it was done, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. More research is needed.
We found eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years, with CF. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some measures of lung function, but there was no evidence that it was better than no treatment. There was no difference in height, weight or lean body mass with rhGH. However, there was a change in fasting blood glucose levels that did not reach the level that would be seen in people with CF who are predisposed to CF--related diabetes. The trials did not have a long-term follow-up. The studies did not show that there were any side- effects. There is low- to very low-risk of side-effects from rhGH in CF, but the number of trials was too small to be sure of this. One of the trials showed that there was some effect of rhGH on the height of the body, but not on weight and lean mass. We did not find evidence of an effect on exercise capacity. None of the studies looked at the cost of the treatment. Long-term, well-conducted, large-scale, randomised trials are needed to establish whether rhGH is safe and safe for use in CF patients.
We included 26 non-randomized studies with 1,695 people who were employed in the same job. We found that both removal from exposure and reduction of exposure may lead to an increase in the number of people who did not have asthma symptoms, and may improve symptoms. However, we did not find that reducing the use of the agent led to an improvement in symptoms, lung function, or cost. Removal from exposure, but not reduction of treatment, may also improve lung function. In addition, we found that there may be an increased risk of unemployment. The quality of the studies was very low. More research is needed to find the best way to treat workers who are working with low-molecule weight agents in the workplace. This review is up-to-date as of March 2015.
We found six trials (1758 people) that compared the use of PPI to stop using PPI. Five of the six studies were from the hospital setting and the other five were from home-based. All of the participants had nonerosive reflux (e.g. milder grades of esophagitis) or milder types of reflux disease (LA grade A or B) and were aged 48 to 57 years. All participants had a mean age of 73 years. On-demand PPI use may lead to an increased risk of 'lack of symptom control' compared with continuous use. There was a reduction in pill use per week with on-demand use, and there was a decrease in the number of pills used per week. However, there was also a drop in the amount of people who were happy with their PPI treatment. There were not enough data to make a clear conclusion about the long-term benefits and harms of stopping PPI, although two of the trials (one on-use and one stop-painting trial) did find that people who stopped PPI were more satisfied with their care. None of the studies looked at cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (studies where people were put in groups and put into one of one of a range of care groups) with a total of 905 people with schizophrenia. These trials compared social skills training versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence in favour of social skills programmes compared to standard care on all measures of quality of life and relapse rates. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills in the social skills group compared to the group in the control group. People’s mental state was also improved in the group receiving social skills. When social skills was compared to discussion group, we found no differences in the number of people who were rehospitalised, relapse rates, mental state or the number who were satisfied with their life and health. However, when social skills were compared to a discussion group group, there was no difference in the numbers who were happy, who had a good relationship with others, or who were able to take care of other aspects of their own life. Whether social skills can be used in other settings is not clear, as most of the studies were from China. The quality of evidence was very low.
We found only one randomised trial (225 participants, 145 with tophi at baseline) that met our criteria. This was a randomised study of people with gout who were assigned to one of three treatment groups: (1) peglotoxane (8 mg) once a week for two weeks (biweekly) or twice a week (monthly); (2) a placebo (dummy) drug; (3) a peglote (fake drug) that did not have the drug in it (placebo) that had the same dose as the drug. We found that pegloticase given biweekly was better than a fake drug in terms of reducing tophi in the subset of the people who had tophi, but more people stopped the drug due to side-effects. There was no difference in the number of people who were cured of tophi with the drug and with the fake drug. People who took peglotics were more likely to have side effects than those who took the fake drugs. Most side effects were due to flare-ups of gout (80% in the peglots and 41 in the sham drug group), which may explain the high rate of side-side-effects in the 'placebo' group - who were not on the drug but had not had their tophi treated. We did not find any data on the use of surgery to remove the tophi. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials on the use of oral IgA to prevent NEC in 2095 neonates. Oral IgA alone did not reduce the risk of NEC. There are no studies on IgA given alone for the treatment of NEC in the newborn.
This is an overview of the results from five trials that looked at the effect of the use of postoperative surgery to treat hysterectomy and radiotherapy for the first time after surgery to the pelvis for the tumour of the uterus to treat it. The results show that women who had surgery first and were followed up for a while after surgery are more than twice as likely to be alive at the end of treatment as those who had no surgery. The risk of death from any cause was 1% in the group of patients who had a surgery first. This means that 1 in 25 women would need to be treated first to be at risk of dying. The number of deaths was 1 in 8 (range 1% to 1 in 10) and the risk of being dead at any time was 0.85 (range 0.76 to 0.96) in the postoperative group. The analysis of pelvic recurrence rates is underpowered but the trend suggests that chemotherapy may be less effective than surgery in a direct comparison but it may have added value when used with surgery.
We included 35 studies, from a range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were from low- and middle-income settings and sixteen from high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had used the programmes, while others asked people what they would like from such a programme. Our results showed that clients' views were mixed. Some felt that these programs provided them with feelings of help and support, as they felt that someone was caring to send them a message. They felt that it was a special experience to have someone take the time to talk to them. They shared the messages with their friends and friends. However, clients also said that there were problems they had when using these programs. Some had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broke their phone, could not buy airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some, but not all, clients had access to phones that were controlled by others. The cost of phone calls could be a problem, and many thought that it should be free of charge. Some clients had poor use of cell networks. Others did not own a phone. The trials did not try to address some of the issues we found, although this may have been a bias. Clients with health problems, such as HIV, were concerned about how the messages would be used. They were also concerned about who sent them the messages. Some people suggested ways to deal with these issues, like using neutral language and tailoring the content, time, and frequency of messages. People with HIV/AIDS, or with other health issues, or who were worried about being stigmatised, were asked to share the messages they had been sent, but they were not sure how to do this. They also asked for messages to be sent at a time and in a way that was easy for them. We found that clients liked the short message service (SMS) or the voice response (V
Twenty-three studies with 2467 participants were included in this review. The review found that methadone is as good as other drugs in terms of the number of people who were able to stop using heroin, but there was no difference in the amount of time that people spent in treatment, number of patients who were clean at the end of treatment, or number of times that they relapsed to drug use. However, there were more drop-outs in the group that was treated with placebo (sugar pill) and more people dropped out of the group in the one that was given a short-term drug (placebo) treatment.
This is an overview of the research on the use of drugs to help people who are in the treatment of opioid-addled opiate dependence to get out of bed and to get off them. The aim is to help them to stop the drug and to be free of the drug. The drugs can be taken by mouth or through a tube. The drug can be a sedative, such as clonidine (methadone), or a non-steroidal anti-drug drug (clonidine or naltrexone). The aim of this type of treatment is to get the drug out as fast as it can be given. This review found that people who were put in a sedation-based approach to treatment did not do as well as those who were in a light sedation or heavy sedation in terms of the length of time that they spent in the sedation. There is a greater risk of side effects with heavy, compared to light, sedation but the risk is low. The high cost of this form of treatment, both in money and time, and the fact that it is a waste of time and money to treat people in this way, does not mean that this approach should not be tried.
We found 14 studies that compared the effectiveness of molindone to other drugs used to treat schizophrenia. However, when we compared it to other antipsychotics, we did not find evidence that it was any more or less good than other drugs. It did cause more weight loss than the other drugs, but it did not cause more side effects than other typical drugs. There was no evidence to suggest that it had an atypical side effect profile.
We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 treatments for melasma. Each of these treatments involved a different type of bleaching agent. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching drug such as hydroquinone, a cream that contains tretinoin, fluocinolone acetonide, or a triple-combine of these, and cream or peels made from both of these. Some of the other treatments are rucinol and a type of skin-lightening drug called rucine. Other treatments are less well-known and have not been tested in a large enough study to be able to tell if they are effective. Triple-combin cream (creams that add tretinone and fluoc in the form of a gel) was more than twice as effective at lightening melasma than the other treatment. Azelaic acid cream (20%) was better than 2% tretine cream (4%) at lighting melasma but not as good as the other two. Thiospot is a cream made from thiophene that is used in the skin to lighten the skin. The most common side effects were mild and short-term such as skin rash, itching, and stinging. The quality of the studies was poor and the number of patients was too few. More research is needed to find the best treatment for people with melasma and to assess the effect of treatments on the length of time it takes for the severity of melasma to go away.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long and all were at high risk of bias. The review found that 5-FU was effective in the first year after surgery in eyes at high-risk of failure and in eyes for the first time in those who had surgery for their first time. The risk of surgery failure was reduced from 4.1 to 5.0 in patients who had a postop surgery for a first time, and from 6.6 to 6.7 in the group that had a first-time surgery. There was no difference between the low-dose and the high-dose groups in terms of the number of eyes that failed during surgery and the amount of pressure that was maintained in the eye after surgery. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most of which was based on very low quality. The combined surgery post-op surgery subgroup was the only group for which no surgical failures have been found and the low dose postoperative 5-FU group was the largest, although there was a small number of patients in this subgroup. None of the other subgroups were found to be of high or very low risk of study bias. There is an increase in the risk of eye problems such as tear-and-soreness, swelling, and swelling of the cornea, and of eye ulcers after a postoperative dose of 5-FOU injection. These are the main side-effects of this type of surgery and are usually mild or no worse than those that are caused by the surgery itself. Postop surgery is now rarely used as part of a routine package of postoperative care but is used on an ad hoc basis. This is likely to be an aspect of the treatment that is unacceptable to both patients and doctors. The results of this review should be weighed up against the increased risk of complications and patients' choice of whether or not
We found 55 studies with 16,154 participants. Long-term use of ICS (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in lung function in COPD patients, although one large, high-quality, long-term trial did show a benefit. There was no effect on death from COPD. The mean rate of exacerbations was 0.26 per patient per year, which is 0.19 less than in the placebo group. ICS may have a small effect on quality of life, which was 1.22 units/year in the ICS group. The rate of response to ICS was not predicted by the use of a bronchodilator, by the rate at which patients' bronchial response changed (e.g. the number of patients who had a flare-up) or by the length of time patients were on ICS. There is an increased risk of pneumonia in people who take ICS, but this was not seen in all of the studies. The risk of hoarseness and ear pain were also more than in those who took placebo. Patients and clinicians should be aware of the risks of inhaled steroids.
We found 80 studies (5820 women) that compared 20 different types of NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-type) with each other or with no treatment (placebo, paracetamol or each other). We found that there is not yet a clear advantage of any NSAID for the treatment of dysmenorrhoea. However, NSAIDs are a safe and well-treatable treatment, with no side effects. There was no evidence that any of the NSAIDs was better than any other. We are not sure which (if any) of the drugs is the best for the pain-relieving and safe use of drugs to treat dysmenaemia, as there were only a few studies per type of drug and most of these were based on very few small trials. We rated the quality of the studies as low for most of the comparisons. This was due to poor reporting of study methods, and the small size of some of the trials.
We found a total of 7 studies that compared high and low levels of PEEP. Five of the included studies (2417 adults with ARDS) compared the high- and low-PEEP groups, but in two of the studies (148 adults) there was a change in PEEP levels. We found that there was no difference in the risk of dying in the ICU, nor was there a decrease in the number of people who had a stroke. The risk of barotrauma was not different in the two groups. Oxygenation (how much air was in the blood) was better in people who were on high PEEP, but not in the low-level group. We did not find that the high group had more ventilator-free days. The subgroup of patients who had ARDS were less likely to die in ICU. However, the subgroup had lower risk of death in ICUs, although it must be noted that in the three studies that we found that used this approach, the authors used a low volume and high volume PEEP approach. We rated the quality of the trials as moderate to high. We considered three studies to be at risk of bias in three studies, and we judged the other five to be of high quality. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2013.
We found 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. The studies compared HES with other types of fluid therapy and compared the risk of kidney failure and the need for RRT in these patients. There was an increased risk of AKI in the HES group. The risk of meeting the RIFLE-R criteria for AKI was 1.31 (95% CI 1.16 to 1.49) in the group treated with HES, and 1.22 in the other group. There were differences in risk of RRT and AKI when the other type of fluid was not used. The quality of the studies was good. All HES treatments increased the risk for AKIs and RRT, and there is not yet a safe dose of any HES product. In most patients, it is likely that these risks are too great to justify the use of HES in addition to RRT. There is a need for an RRT for all people with AKI and no RRT is safe.
We found nine studies involving 682 patients with CKD. Seven of the studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and compared it with a drug called 'captopril'. The other two compared it to an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) drug. We found that when compared with no intervention, Rheomorinale had a greater improvement in SCr and BUN levels and no difference was found in relation to captopril for any of the outcomes. No data were available on all-cause death or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were found to be associated with Rheamorinales. The available evidence is of low or very low quality. There is no evidence to recommend the use of this treatment in CKD patients.
We found that the IQCODE can be used to assess whether an older adult is at risk of dementia and to exclude those who do not yet have dementia. We found that there was a greater chance of the test being accurate in people who are not at risk, but not in those who are. We also found that it was better than the short (16-item) and the 26-item tests, which are used in the older age group. We did not find any effect on the use of the language of the tool. There was not a difference in test accuracy for the short and the long tests, and we found no effect of language on the test. However, we did find that the short test was more likely to be wrong than the long test, which is a sign that the test may be wrong. We are not sure if this is due to the way in which the studies were done, or the fact that some of the studies did not use the same test in both groups of people.
We found three RCTs involving 91 participants. All three studies were of low quality and had a high risk of bias. All three studies assessed various types and intensities of treatment for spasticity following BoNT in adults with stroke. The types of treatment included: a type of movement therapy called'mCIMT' (a form of 'constraint-based' movement therapy), which is a form of therapy that aims to change muscles in the upper limb, such as the elbow, back, and leg, to a non-constrainable range of movement. There was low to very low-risk of bias in all three of these types of interventions. There is no high-risk bias in the use of 'tough-to-move' (e.g. 'treat-and-treat' therapy) or 'tactical' therapy (a type of therapy, which aims to help the brain to control muscle movement). There was very low quality evidence that 'tutoring' the elbow with a splint was effective up to six months after BoNT, and there was low- to very-low-risk-of-bias risk for dynamic elbow splinting (splinting that helps the elbow to move freely) and occupational (manual) therapy (which helps the arm to stay in place) at 14 weeks. No studies assessed 'passive' function (caring for the affected limb), caregivers' burden, or the need for carers to care for the limb. No trials looked at the effect of treatment in children and those with stroke in the long term. At best, we found that there was 'low level' evidence for the effects of MD treatment in improving the function of the upper arm after stroke in adults. Further research is needed in this area.
We found four randomised clinical trials, with a total of 136 patients, comparing the long-term use of lamivudine and HBIg with the use of the same drugs alone for patients with HBV after liver transplantation. All four trials were of high risk of bias, and we could not derive clear results from them. None of the trials were large, and none of them were large enough to show a difference in HBV recurrence.
We found 15 studies, involving 1019 patients with LADA (1060 randomised) who were followed for three months to 10 years. All studies had a high risk of bias. Sulphonylurea with insulin did not improve metabolic control more than insulin alone, at three months and at 12 months of treatment. In addition, there was evidence that the use of this drug caused an increase in the risk of becoming insulin dependent (a condition in which the body’s glucose levels are too low for the body to make insulin) at two years. The risk of death from any cause was 12.5% in the subgroup of patients who were treated with this drug. One study showed that using GAD65 (glutamic acid, a type of enzyme, to treat LADA) in a short term (three months) study (n = 74) did not show that it was better than the other treatments. There was no difference in fasting C-peptide levels in the two groups. One of the studies showed that vitamin D with a low dose (20 μg) may help to maintain the level of fasting and the amount of a type 2-type C in the blood. Other drugs have not been shown to be helpful. There were no adverse events in the studies. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. There is no evidence for or against other ways of treating LADA.
We found 70 studies (44,958 participants) for this review, and 63 studies (42,784) for the meta-analysis. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. The results of this review show that there is no evidence that social norms interventions are effective in the short-term (four or more months after the end of the intervention) for reducing binge drinking or alcohol misuse in college/universities. There is some evidence that there may be a benefit for reducing the number of students who binge drink, but the effect sizes are too small to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the results are not consistent for all misuse measures, and some of the results were not consistent across studies, which means that differences between the interventions could not be ruled out as a source of bias.
We found three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (81 participants) looked at the number of hip dislocation or adverse events in people who had been given hip precautions with or without the use of post-THA treatment. There were no incisions in either group in the short-term (12 months) and no incidences in the 12-month period after the end of follow-up in both groups. The study did not measure pain score, quality of life, re-operations rate or total adverse events. Due to the very low quality of evidence, we are not sure if people who were not provided with hip precautions were more satisfied in terms of their rate of recovery compared to those who were. We are also uncertain if the number needed to treat for an adverse event to be satisfied was different in the two groups. One of the studies (265 participants; 303 THAs) also looked at providing hip precautions without the need to use the equipment and restrictions that are prescribed after a THA, but did not provide this. There was no change in the rate of dislocation in the group that was not given this. The quality of the evidence was very low, so we are uncertain if hip precautions are effective in preventing dislocation and in improving outcomes after THA compared to not providing this. One trial (146 participants) investigated the provision of an 'enhanced post-operative' (post-HTA) programme to help people to reintegrate back into the community after their THA and found that it did not result in a change in function, pain score or re-operation rate compared to a 'conventional' (non-enhancement) programme. The evidence was of very low and so we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of this type of programme. There is not enough evidence to support or refute the adoption of a post-hospice-based programme of
We found three randomised controlled trials comparing LNG-IUD use with no IUD use. Two trials showed that the recurrence of painful periods was less in women who had received an LNG IUD compared with those who had not. The number of women who were satisfied with their treatment was higher in the LNG group but the effect was not large. The study did not show that there was a difference in the number of patients who stopped the treatment. In one trial, the pain scores of the women receiving LNG were lower than for those who were given gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists, but this did not reach a large effect. The trial did not report on the percentage of participants who had a change in menstruation but there was no evidence that the change in pain was different. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014.
We found 24 randomised controlled trials (a type of study in which people are randomly put in one of three or more groups) that compared the effects of interventions to change foods or snack foods or drinks. All of the studies were in high-income (US-based) countries, and all were conducted in the USA. Most studies (14/24) looked at the effect of changing the number of foods or foods placed close to each other (e.g. in the same place on a table) or in a box. Six of the 24 studies changed the amount of foods that were on offer, and four of these changed the type of foods. Most of these changes (4/6) were to foods or drink. Eighteen studies changed how a snack food or drink was placed near the group, and 18 changed how far the snack was placed from the group. In four of the 18 studies, the food was placed in a line. Changing the amount and order of foods was done in four studies, and in one study the foods were placed in different ways. The studies varied in terms of the types of foods, and the length of time that the changes took place. We found that changes in the amount or type of food that were put close to the group could lead to a change in people's choice of the foods they eat. We also found that the greater the change, the more people chose to eat the foods, but there was not enough evidence to be sure of this. People who were put further away from the food (i.e. on a bus or train) from where the snack food was put, had a greater change in their food choice. This was found when the food place was close to where they live, work, or play, and when they were at low risk of being deprived. We did not find studies that changed the order in which foods were dealt with in a restaurant, and we are not sure if this had an
We did not find any studies that evaluated the use of PEP to prevent HIV infection in the workplace. We found that PEP is not 100% effective in the prevention of HIV infection. Only one study was found that looked at this question. The number of people who were offered antiretroviral drugs to stop the spread of HIV was lower in the PEP group. However, there was no difference in the rates of those who took zidovudine. The use of a four-week PEP dose should be done as soon as possible after the start of the work day, depending on the risk of HIV spread. There was no clear benefit of using a three-drug regimen, but there were more side effects in the group treated with a two-drug treatment. There is no clear evidence to show that a one-drug dose is better than two or more drugs. We recommend that more research be done to find the best dose to use for PEP. A large trial would be the best way to find out if PEP can be used to treat HIV in the work place.
We found that CBT has no effect on mood or pain, but does have some effects on mood. CBT but not behaviour therapy has some effect on pain and mood, but not on pain or mood, and there is a chance that this effect is maintained at six months after CBT. Behaviour therapy has weak effects on pain, and has a chance of causing side effects. There is no evidence that any part of CBT works for all patients, but CBT seems to be a good treatment for some people with chronic pain.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (studies where people were randomly put in one of three or more treatment groups) that met our criteria. We found that 10 of these had a large amount of data (64,798 people) that could be used to answer our question. Five of these showed a change in salt intake (1.15 grams/day less) from pre-intervent to post-treatment, ranging from 1.15 gram/day to 0.35 gram per day less. We could not tell whether the change was due to the type of intervention (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement in a specific setting). Of those 10, four showed a reduction in salt in the range of 1.5 to 2.0 grams per day, and one showed an increase in salt. We were not able to tell whether there was a difference in mean salt intake by sex (men and women) as there were too few data for us to be able to draw conclusions. For the other outcomes, we could not be sure whether there were any differences between men and women. Three studies showed no change, four did not show a change and two showed an increased salt intake. We identified no harms from these interventions. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low due to differences in the way the studies were done and the risk of bias of the way they were done, as well as variation in the direction and size of the effect across the studies.
We found only a few randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the effects of drugs for sleep bruxism. All the RCTs had a very low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance) and had a cross-over design, which means that participants received one drug and then the other drug was given to them at the same time. We found that amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one RCT), clonidine, propranolol (one, one-time use) (one-time dose), levodopa, L-tryptophan, and tryptophan were all compared with placebo (dummy drug) in the same way. The results were imprecise and not clear enough to say if any of the drugs was better, worse, or the same as the other drugs. One RCT found that clonididine was better than a dummy drug for improving sleep. The other drugs did not seem to be any better or worse than placebo. Adverse events were frequent in people who took amitripyline, with drowsiness, tiredness, sleepiness, and difficulty falling asleep in the morning, as well as in those who took propranol. Clonidine was found to cause shortness of breath in three out of 16 people in one RCT. The use of other drugs to prevent any side-effects was not recommended. There is a need to find out if there are any other drugs that might be helpful for the treatment of sleep bruising.
We found 10 studies with a total of 1015 adult patients with ARDS. All of the studies compared the use of omega-3 fatty acids and/or other types of fatty acids (e.g. EPA, docosahexaenoic acid, and alpha-linolenic acid) in addition to usual care. We assessed some of the trials to be at high risk of bias due to flaws in the way they were done. We found that there may be no differences in all-cause death (longest time from the start of treatment to the end of treatment) between those who had or had not been given an immunonutrition (i.e. a formula or supplement that contains only the fatty acids that were added to the usual care) or those who received an enteral formula (a type of food that is fed to the digestive tract) or a placebo (a drink that has no salt or fat). We are not sure whether immunonutritors reduce the length of time spent in the ICU or on the ventilator. We are also uncertain whether they increase the amount of oxygen in the blood at day 4 or whether they cause side effects such as heart, gut, and gut upset. We rated the quality of the evidence for all outcomes to be very low. This means that we are not able to draw conclusions about the effects of this treatment.
We found 33 randomised controlled studies that tested different methods of asking people about their symptoms and whether they had any side-effects from the drug they were taking. We found that there was a risk that the methods used could lead to people in the studies not being able to tell if they had had an AE when they were asked. This could mean that they did not have all the symptoms they should have had. We could not tell if the types of AEs that were reported by the different methods were the same. There was no evidence that one method led to more AEs than the other. We also found that people may have been more likely to have an AE when they had been asked a more general question than if they were only asked a specific one. However, we are not sure if this could have an effect on the type of AE. We did not find a clear difference in the nature of the AEs between the two methods. We were able to use a number of ways to measure the amount of AE that was found, but we could not find one method that was better than the others. There is a risk of people in studies that do not use the same method of asking the same types of questions to find AEs. This may be a problem in that not all people will have at least one AE, and this could make it more likely that they will not have one when they come back to the study.
We found very low-quality evidence that the presence of a supervising or 'watchful' adult in the same room as the patient could prevent SUDEP. This was true for both when the patient and the supervising adult shared the same bed and when special precautions, such as a sound-masking device, were used. We found no effect when the supervision was done in the middle of the night. We did not find any effect on the risk of non-SUDEP deaths. We could not assess changes to the risk factors for SUDEP, the number of hospital admissions, or the number and type of hospital visits. Further research is required to find out if there are other treatments that might help prevent this type of condition.
We found a total of 208 adults with cystic fibrosis who had been in hospital for any length of time. The age of people in the studies ranged between seven and 63 years, and there was a wide range of severity of the disease. All the studies compared autogenic drainage to one of the other forms of airway airway clearance. The length of the studies varied from four days to over two years. Six of the trials enrolled people who were stable, whilst one study had a flare-up (an attack) that was not caused by a virus. One study was of a cross-over design (one group of people was in the airway and the other group was not) and the remaining six were of a 'parallel' or 'cross-over' design (two-phase' design). There were no studies that looked at exercise. We found that there was no clear evidence that autogenic drains were better than any other airway clearing technique. The most often used measure of the effects of drainage was the amount of sputum in one second. This was reported by all but three of the included trials. Only three studies looked at quality of life, and none of them reported this. One trial showed that people who used the drainage method in the same way did not have a greater risk of a drop in their oxygen levels than people who did not use drainage. There was no difference found in the results for any of the techniques used to clear the airways, except for one study which showed that the technique of postural drainage was better than percussion. There were also no differences found for the number of people who liked the sound of the sound. The studies were not large enough to assess if any one airway method was superior to any other. The results of the review showed that there is a need for more research in this area. The evidence was of low or very low quality. This is due to the lack of a large, well-
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of CBT in the short-term treatment of GAD. The review found that CBT was more effective than other types of therapy in treating GAD, and that it was as good as, or better than, other forms of therapy. CBT is not as good or as safe as other psychological treatments, such as non-CBT (e.g. non-treatment-based therapy), but it is better than no treatment, and is safe. More research is needed to find out which is the best way to treat GAD with CBT, and to inform health care practice.
The review of trials found that women given progestogen supplements may have a lower rate of miscarriages in the long-term. We are not sure about the effect on the rate of preterm birth, low birthweight, or babies born too small. No clear effects were seen for the other outcomes. The trials did not report on the effects on the child and did not provide any data on the risk of the child's admission to a special care unit.
We found 14 studies with 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 women) compared the use of psychosocial interventions to address drug use with no treatment to treat drug use, and five studies (594 women) to treat use of drugs in pregnancy. We did not find any studies that assessed other type of treatment. We assessed the quality of the evidence from studies as low to moderate. It was not clear if studies were well-run or whether they had adequate control for bias. We found that there was no difference in pre-term birth rates (three trials, 264 women), neonatal weight (two trials, 217 women), or low birth weight (one trial, 160 women) in the groups of women who used a psychosococial treatment compared to those who did not. There was also no change in the number of newborns that were cared for in the neonatal ward (two studies, 103 women) or in the length of time that newborns spent in hospital. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in the rates of drug use in any group compared to the other. The studies did not show that any of the groups were more or less likely to be free of drugs. Overall, the results suggest that there is no effect of the psychosolences on drug use and that they may be just one option in the choice of drug treatment for mothers and their babies. There is a need for more research in this area.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for many aspects. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term NACE, heart death, all-cause deaths, bleeding, and access site complications. There was no clear evidence that there was a greater risk of heart attack in the short term (i.e. up to 30 days of follow-up), but the risk of death was similar in both groups (11,170 participants). Transradial treatment had a lower risk of all- cause deaths, but was more likely to be a high-risk-free procedure. There is not enough evidence to determine long-term results.
We found that there is not a lot of high quality research in this area. Very little high quality work has been done to assess the effect of palliatives in people with advanced dementia. There were only two included studies in this review. Both of these were at high risk of bias, in part due to the fact that people were not blinded (that is, they did not know which group they were in). This and the small size of the studies meant that we could not pool the data. One study (99 patients) looked at the use of a palliative care team for people with dementia who were in hospital for a short-term illness. This team helped people to plan out their own end-of-life care and helped them to make decisions about their own care. However, the plan was not used for all patients in the group in which this team was based. The other study (256 patients) examined the role of a'surrogate carer' (a friend or carer who acts as a decision-maker) in a nursing home. In this group, the carers gave information about the best way to provide food for the person’s last meal. This group was more likely than the control group to have a plan for the care they would like to receive when they were discharged from hospital. The study did not find that the team was more or less helpful in terms of the number of deaths in hospital, the need to be resuscitated in hospital or the care that was provided during the time people were in the care home. There was also no effect of the team on the time spent in hospital. Both studies were small and there was a high chance of bias. There are six ongoing trials, which we plan to include in future versions of this study.
We found three well-conducted randomised trials that included 1166 randomised women with breast cancer. There were no differences between the two types of surgery in terms of local recurrence-free survival, risk of relapse, or time to death. However, there was an increase in the risk of anaemia, tumour shrinkage and pigmentation with the use of RT before CT. There was no evidence that RT was better or worse than CT before RT for treating the tumour in the breast. The risk of neutropenic sepsis was higher in the RT group, but other side effects did not seem to be different. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found nine RCTs involving a total of 622 adults who were either overweight or obese. The trials were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly in the home setting, and had a short- to medium-term follow-up (up to 24 weeks). Three of the RCTS compared CrP plus a form of weight-training (e.g. resistance or weight training) with placebo plus a type of weight training, and the other RCT was based on CrP alone. We found no firm evidence that CrP works for weight loss in adults who are not obese. However, we did find an effect on body weight in favour of CrP. No firm results were found for different CrP doses. Only three studies provided information on side effects. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in the 1000 µg CrP group, and one in the 200 µg group. One case of serious side effects was found in the group taking 400 µg, and two in the placebo group. No study reported on all-cause death, illness, morbidity, health- and health---based quality of life, or the impact on the way people live their lives. No evidence was found for the use of Crp in people who are obese or overweight. The quality of the evidence was low.
This is an update of a review that was first carried out in 2010 and has been carried out by the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group and is up-to-date as of March 2015. We found 11 studies with a total of 886 participants. These looked at a range of treatments for wounds that had been cut and filled with a variety of antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial treatments. Some of the studies were small and some did not use methods that could be used to analyse results in a way that could help us to draw conclusions about how well the treatments worked. There was no evidence that any of the different antiseptics or antibiotics worked as well as others. Where some results were found, it was based on only a few studies with small numbers of people. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the results and may change these results.
We included five trials with a total of 1049 women. The trials evaluated five interventions in amniocentesis and CVS, each of which was assessed in a small number of studies. There was no clear benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence was not high. The review did not find evidence that any of the techniques were of benefit. In the absence of such clear evidence, women should continue to use the methods and techniques with which they are most used.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three non-randomised trials (studies in which people were put in groups at random) that compared the use of folic acid-fortified wheat flour in wheat flour flatbread or flour porridge with or in maize porridge. We did not find any randomised or non-RCT studies that assessed the long-term effects of fortified wheat flour. Six of the 10 included RCTs took place in upper-middle-income (i.e. from China, Mexico, and South Africa) and one in a low-end (e.g. from Bangladesh) country. Three of the non-rCTs were from high-income countries. Three studies were from low-income and one from a high-end country. One study was from a lower-income country (Bangladesh), and three were from a wealthy country (Canada). Seven studies compared wheat flour fortified with folate and other micronutrients with unfortified flour. None of the RCT studies were of high-certainty. In one study, none of the included trials found that the risk of birth defects in the brain were lower in the wheat flour group. However, in one non-trial, there was a greater risk of low serum folate and higher plasma folate in the group of women who had folic acids in their cereals, compared to the group that did not. There was no clear effect of the fortified flour on the number of children with low haemoglobin levels, anaemia, or anencephaly. In two non-trials, there were no effects of fortified maize flour on total or encephalocoele, spina bifida, and encephaly, but not on brain size. There were no clear effects of the flour fortification on the numbers of people with low red blood cell counts. In a cluster-random
We identified six randomised trials. We found that screening of newborns with CF improved lung function in people with CF, but over time, lung function was worse in those who were screened. Screening seems to be less cost-effective than the use of testing at birth. The risk of poor health was less in the screened group than in the control group. Severe malnutrition was less common in screened patients. In screened patients colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa occurred earlier.
We found five randomised trials, including 7314 participants, comparing 'lower' (lower) blood pressure (target range 120 mmHg or less) to the'standard' blood pressure range 140 mmHG or more. The mean follow-up was 4.5 years. We found that aiming for lower blood pressure was not associated with a lower risk of stroke or death. However, the number of deaths was lower in the group aiming for the lower target. There was a trend to lower non-cardiac deaths, mainly due to a trend for fewer deaths in the 'risk group' with lower blood blood pressure. The risk of heart attack was the same in both groups, but there was no effect on the risk of myocardial infarction (heart attack), or in heart failure (chest pain). End-stage heart failure was not found in any trial. We did not find any trials that looked at the long-term risk of kidney problems or death from any cause. The trials did not have a high risk of bias, but had a low risk of random errors (ie, play of chance) and a high number of events that could have led to a bias. There is a need for well-planned, well-designed, randomised, large-scale, high-participant and low-risk trials to assess the benefits and harms of blood pressure targets in people with high blood pressure and diabetes.
This review found that non-removable casts are more likely to heal plantar foot ulcers than casts or dressers alone. The use of a cast with a pressure-relief device (such as a cuff or sleeve) was found to be more effective than the use of the cast on its own. When the cast was used in the same way as the dressing, the ulcers healed more than with the cast alone. In one study, the heel of the foot was healed more often with a cast than with dressers. The results of one study showed that the heel ulcers of the heel healed more quickly when the casts were used to lengthen the foot's heel. Other types of casts did not seem to help heal ulcers. There was no difference in the number of ulcers that healed with the casts compared with those that were not removable.
We found five RCTs describing six different non-drug treatments for women with breast cancer. All five studies had a high risk of bias (risk of play of chance) and were judged to be of low quality. Two trials of a type of cognitive training (two trials of 100 participants) and one of a 'compensative' (e.g. cognitive training) intervention (95 participants) compared to a wait-list control group (patients on a wait list) showed that patients who received this type of training had a greater effect on physical well-being, but not on mental well-ness, two months after the end of the study. One of the studies of a form of meditation (meditation) did not show an effect on the well- being of patients. Evidence for other non-pharmacological (non-drug) treatments, such as exercise and meditation, is not clear. We assessed the quality of the evidence to be low for all outcomes. Further research is needed to find out if there is a role for these treatments in the long term. There is a need to do more studies in other cancer groups, as well as in women with other types of cancer than breast cancer, and in other parts of the world.
We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that chlorpromazine and piperacetazine appear to have the same effect in terms of reducing the symptoms of schizophrenia. There was no clear difference in the number of people who were rated as 'good' or'very good' by a psychiatrist. Chlorpromazine does not seem to be any worse or better than Piperacetazine regarding side effects. Around 60% of people in both groups had at least one side effect, with around 40% of these people having some movement problems. No clear difference was found in the numbers of patients who dropped out of the study. No trial reported on the cost of the drugs or on the side effects of the drug. The quality of the evidence was very low. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the best drug for schizophrenia based on the results of this review due to the lack of good quality, short-term and long-term data. More high quality research is needed.
Five trials were identified with a total of 207 patients. The trials compared the use of a stent with emergency surgery for the treatment of malignant colorectal blockage. The use of stents was found to be as safe and safe as the emergency surgery. There was no difference in the risk of death between the two groups. The average time for the stent to be placed was 3.55 days. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of the attempts. The risk of stent perforation was 5.88% in both groups, and the risk for stent transfer was 2.13%. There was a similar risk of mortality (death) and complication rate in both the groups. Hospital stay was 11.53 days in the stenting group and 17.15 days in that of the surgery group. The mean procedure/operating time was 113.93 and 143.85 minutes, and blood loss was 350 ml. The quality of the trials was not high. More research is needed to achieve a clear conclusion.
We included nine RCTs with a total of 1867 women. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence that the use of HES or HES reduced the risk of OHSS in high risk women. This means that if the rate of the OHSS was 12% with no treatment, it will be about 9% with HES. However, there was no effect on pregnancy rates. We found no evidence that HES, or mannitol, or both had any influence on the chance of birth rates. Adverse events were not well reported, and there were no data on live birth. The use of albumin and HES may reduce rates of pregnancy in high-risk women, but this is based on very few studies. There is no evidence of an effect on the number of live births. While there was some evidence that human albumin may reduce OHSS, this was based on a small number of studies, and so it is not clear if it is safe or not. The studies did not look at live birth rates, so we cannot be sure of this. The results of the review should be viewed with caution, as there were problems with the design of some of the studies, which meant that it was not possible to mask the type of treatment that was given, and this could have led to bias.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 484 patients. There was no evidence that any one agent was more effective than any other in the treatment of telangiectasias. However, there was some evidence that polidocanol (1% versus 0.5%) was more likely to cause adverse reactions, and that a sclerosant (saline) with a high concentration (1%) caused more side-effects than other agents. Patients were less likely to be satisfied with one sclerosing agent over the other. The evidence did not show that any sclerose agent was better than placebo, but there was more evidence that scleroscopy was more helpful than a placebo. Some of the drugs were better than normal saline, but not all. The studies were of poor quality and did not use a large amount of data. More research is needed to find the best agent(s) and the best dosing for the best treatment to achieve the best results.
We found that salbutamol via any route and insulin-dextrose are the drugs that reduce serum potassium. There is no evidence that other drugs are better than other drugs for the treatment of hyperkalaemia. The use of other drugs has not been tested in RCTs. There are no studies that have looked at the use of drugs to treat death or heart arrhythmias, but there is evidence that some drugs may be effective for this condition. The effect of drugs on the risk of death is not clear. The effects of drugs are not clear and need to be evaluated in more trials.
We found 39 randomised controlled trials (studies where participants were assigned to a group in a random way) involving 4216 people with HD. Most studies included in this review were of high risk of bias, which means that the results are likely to be reliable. We found that the risk of CRI per 1000 catheters was low for all of the studies. The risk of thrombosis was very low for most of the outcomes, but not for all studies. However, we found that some of the other outcomes were less clear, such as risk of clots, and that the effect on the number of people with a clot in the CVC was not clear. We also found that non-antibiotic (non-sterile) lock solutions were no more or no less likely to cause clots than the other types of lock solutions. We are not able to draw any conclusion on the use of these solutions in HD due to the lack of data. More research is needed to confirm the effect of these methods.
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared pre-emptive treatment with placebo (a fake drug) or standard care. We included 15 RCTs with 1098 patients. Six of these studies looked at treatment of CMV when CMV had occurred (when the organ transplant was done) and eight looked at the use of antiviral (antiviral) drugs to prevent CMV (prophylactics). One study looked at oral and one looked at intravenous (into a vein) treatment. Pre-emptives were found to be more likely to reduce the risk of developing CMV disease (6 out of 288 patients) but not of acute rejection (3 out of 185 people) or death (1 out of 176 people). There was no difference in the risks of all-cause death, graft loss, acute rejection or infections other than CMV. There were no major side-effects in the included studies. The risk of leucopenia (scarring of the white blood cells) was less in the group of patients who had preemptive therapy than in those who had placebo. Other side effects did not seem to be any more or less common. The quality of the studies was good, but not high. Only one of the 15 studies had a high risk of bias, which means that participants and staff may have been aware of which group they were in. No study had a low risk of being at risk of randomised, which is a key aspect of RCT design.
We found three RCTs that included a total of 140 people with type 2 diabetes. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. The trials compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on blood sugar levels. The studies lasted from six weeks to five months. The mean age of participants ranged from 40 to 59 years. The average age of the people in the trials was 41 years and the mean gestational age was 55 years. There was no evidence that sweet potato was better than placebo in terms of glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (a type of protein in the blood) at three to five month with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo (mean difference -0.3% (95% of the total) and P = 0.02; 2 trials). No serious side effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high.
We found 19 studies with a mean age of 22.33 years. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years. In 13 studies, follow up only lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most studies were of cross-over design, which means that participants were put in one treatment group and then put into the other group at random. Five of the studies (192 people) were of high quality, but the other 14 were small and had a high risk of bias, so we cannot be sure of the results. The study size ranged from seven to 65 people. Most of the people in the studies had cystic fibrosis and were at risk of lung disease. The studies included in this review were of short-term duration (one to three months), so we do not know if the results are applicable to longer-term follow-up. Five studies, with data from eight other treatments, found that the active cycle of breathing technique was comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen levels, and the number of lung flare-ups. There was no difference in lung function and the total number of pulmonary exacerbations (flare-ups) between the treatment groups. All other outcomes were either not measured or had too few results for us to be able to draw conclusions. There is not enough evidence to support or reject the use of the 'active cycle of breathe' over any other airway clearance therapy for people with CF.
We found eight RCTs with a total of 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the use of standard inseminations. Live birth was not reported in the trials. The low quality of evidence showed that there were 127 pregnancies in the two trials with a mean of 12 months of age of 36 years and a median of 36 weeks of age. There were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials with 372 women. There was no difference in the rates of live birth or miscarriage between the short-term incubation method and the standard overnight insemination method. For the miscarriage rate, there were six miscarriages in one trial with 167 women. This low quality evidence showed no difference between short- and long-term pregnancy rates. This review has shown that the short duration incubation of the sperm and eggs may increase the chances of a live birth and clinical pregnancy in infertile women who are not able to get pregnant with IVF. However, more research is required to assess whether the short length of time in which the eggs are kept in the incubator is as effective as the overnight method.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing long ITs versus short ITs in infants with lung problems. The RCTs showed that a long IT had an increased risk of air leak and death. The risk of death was increased in the short IT group. There was no difference in the risk of BPD (bronchoidal perforation of the lungs) and no studies looked at the effect of ITs on newborns ventilator-free. The short IT was found to be more safe and to be as effective as the long IT. The results should be treated with caution, as the studies were carried out in the era of modern ventilators and were not carried out prior to the use of steroids, post natal surfactant and use of synchronised modes of ventilation.
We found 33 studies involving 5110 patients. Most of the studies were of low quality. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who carried out the intervention, the type of TFU, frequency, structure, length of time, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were found to be consistent across the studies. Overall, there was no evidence that TFU is an effective treatment. No side effects were found.
We found 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated six broad types of ways to improve retention. These were incentives, communication, new questionnaire format, case management, participant case control, and the use of a questionnaire in a format that could be used in the home, such as a postcard or email. We also found four trials that looked at the number of people who were still in the trial when the end of the trial had passed. Most of the studies were based on the results of a single trial. There was no evidence that any of the six main types of interventions were more or less effective than the others. The addition of a non-monetary incentive (e.g. a gift card) or an offer of a gift or cash incentive may have helped people to return to the trial site and complete the questionnaire. It is not clear whether the length of the questionnaire is better than a longer one. There is also no good evidence that a telephone survey is better or worse than a postal questionnaire. Some of the other methods used to help people to stay in a trial may be more effective but need to be tested in larger trials. More research is needed to find the best way to keep people in a study and to improve the chances that they will return to a trial site for follow-up.
We included eight RCTs involving a total of 829 adults who were in the first stage of ventilator-free ventilation after surgery. We did not find any clear benefits or harms of either of the airway devices in terms of the use of a laryngeal mask. We found that more time was taken for the airways to form a seal with the pLMA device, and that peak airway pressure was higher in participants who had a pLma. We also found that there were no major harms of the devices. We are not sure whether one of the masks is better than the other in the short-term or long-term. The quality of evidence was low for all of the outcomes, as assessed by the GRADE score. This means that we are not able to draw conclusions about which is the best airway device. The ProSeal mask airway may be quicker to insert, but this is not likely to have an effect on the length of time that people need to be ventilated.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1453 children from eight countries. All of the participants were aged between four and 18 years. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Girls outnumbered boys in most of the included studies. Fourteen of the trials included children with RAP or a range of symptoms related to RAP. Five of these trials included only children with irritable bowel syndrome. The studies were of different types: probiotics (13 studies), fibre-based treatments (four, four, and four), low fibre diets (one, one, and one study), and a type of food (fructose) restriction (one study). We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to have less pain in the short term (three to six months after the end of treatment) than those treated with a placebo (pretend) treatment. We also found that there was no reduction in pain in children who were given a low FODMAP diet. We were not able to assess the effect of probiotics on quality of life or school results, as not many of the RCTs looked at these. We found only one study of low-fibre diets and only one trial of fructose-free diets, which meant that we could not pool the data. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all outcomes. This was due to the small size of the studies and the fact that not all of the data were of the same type and size.
We found 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had results that could be analysed. Most of the studies had a high risk of bias (bias) for all forms of bias, which means that their results may be biased. Findings from five RCTs with 1196 participants showed mixed effects, with effects showing a reduction, an increase or no effect. Three trials with 394 people found that the mass media may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice. This is equivalent to the level of prejudice from that of a person with a schizophrenia-like illness to that of someone with major depression. Data on the effects of mass media on the costs of the interventions were not available. We found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health care staff as the target group, and none in schools or schools targeted at young people. Most studies did not address cost-effectiveness. Only two out of 22 studies reported on adverse effects and found any. There is not enough evidence to know if mass-based interventions reduce prejudice. More studies are needed to find out which types of mass intervention work best, to assess the costs, to fill in gaps in the research and to fill gaps that have not been filled in this review. Such studies should use good methods, use a wide range of methods, and be less reliant on student groups. The evidence was of low to very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We found 85 studies that took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income and 18 low-income countries. Forty-six studies looked at the views and experiences of healthy (not in the neonatal phase) or postnatal women, while 17 looked at women’s views and views of healthcare providers, and 22 studies took the views of both women and their healthcare providers. The studies took place all over the world, in rural, urban, and semi-urban settings. We found that for some women, using ANC to give birth will be a good, safe, and good-quality experience. Whether they use ANC when they use it for the first time depends on whether they think that it will be good for them, and on their perceptions of the value of ANC. For women, whether they use an ANC will be based on their belief that doing so will be helpful and safe. This is a result of the good-good, good-life-style care that is free of charge and does not rely on the payment of fees. It is also based on staff who are kind, caring, and take the time to give the support and care that the women need, as and when they need it. For staff, the time and time taken to provide the right kind of care is important, as is the need for privacy. For healthcare providers to give good-poor, low-cost, high-quality ANC that is good for women, they need the time, resources and staff, as well as the chance to give a good service. They also need to be kind, careful, and sensitive to the needs of the women. They need to have a good sense of their own role in the care, and be able to recognise and respond to problems when they arise. They do not need to use money from their own families to do their job well, or to ask for money from people in other parts of the world to help them with their work
Sixteen studies, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review. Calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome and the number of people who develop secondary ischaemia. The results for 'poor outcome' are based on a single large trial of nimodipine. For other drugs, there was no clear benefit or harm. The risk of death from any cause was not clearly reduced by treatment with these drugs. The use of other drugs to treat is not yet clear. Intravenous administration of these drugs should not be done in patients with SAH. Magnesium sulphate is a new drug that may be of use in the treatment of aneurysmal SAH, but the evidence is not strong at this stage.
We found three RCTs including 739 children. The age cut-off point for pre-treatment risk was one year. All three studies used this age point for the treatment group. The results showed that myeloablative therapy seems to increase the chance of survival in patients with a high risk of neuroblastoma from one year to 18 months. This means that the risk of death from any cause is less in patients who have received myeloplasty. There was no evidence of an effect on the number of children who died from the disease, but this was not clear in all of the studies. The number of deaths caused by the disease was not clearly different in the two groups. The quality of life of the patients was not reported. We did not find any clear benefit of myeloabate in children with a low risk of brain cancer who had not been given any treatment for the disease. All studies had some flaws in the way they were done. Therefore, we were not able to draw conclusions on the best treatment for high-risk children with brain cancer. The best way to find out is to do a large, long-term study.
We found eight trials (632 participants) that met our criteria. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the percentage of patients with stage II (the most common form of the cancer) ranged from 22% to 85%. The median follow-up duration was 12 months. We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have a lower risk of death from all cause at three years' time (low-risk of death) and may reduce the risk of not having a tumour in the tumour stage (low risk of complete or partial response). We are not sure about the effect of TACE on health- and adverse events. None of the trials found any serious side effects. We are very uncertain about the results of the results for non-harmful side events. We also found that there may be more side effects in the TACE group. The results on non-side events were not very clear. We rated the evidence as low to very low risk of bias, and we rated the certainty of the findings as low. All eight trials had flaws in their design that could lead to bias. Therefore, we cannot be sure that the results are valid.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of increasing the amount of milk fed to preterm infants with CLD/BPD. We found no RCTs that compared the effect of this approach. One study showed that infants who were fed a high-fat, high-protein, low-fat milk feed had a better growth rate up to the end of the study. However, this was not found in the other study. The other RCT showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, lung function, oedema (swelling) and diuretic (diuretic) requirements between the groups. To date, no trials have been found that have looked at this question. More research is needed to find out if increasing the milk feed and/or the volume of fluid in preterm preterm babies has an effect on their growth and development.
We found 13 studies that compared the use of ultrasound for the subclavian vein or femoral vein with an anatomical landmark method for catheters. All of the 13 studies were of low or very low risk of bias, which means that there is a high chance of bias in the results. Most of the studies were at high risk of random errors (ie, play of chance) and had a small number of participants. We found that two-pronged ultrasound was more safe and more likely to be a success when used for catheter placement than an 'analgesia landmark' method. There was no evidence of a change in the risk of an arterial puncture, or in the rate of haematoma (blood) formation. No data were provided on death or on the time to insert the catheter. There were no data on the number of times the catheter was placed, the total or other complications, or the time it took to place. The quality of the data was very low or low for most outcomes, and was only rated as high for one of them (femoral vein).
Fifteen studies were included in this review. Four studies, 29 people, used an intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 patients, used a controlled-dose form; and one, 181 people, use a verum skin patch. The results from the trials of the oral form showed no benefit of physostigmine when used as an add-on to other drugs for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. The best dose of the drug was 33 mg/day, and the best dose 5.7mg/day. There were more people who dropped out of the trial due to side effects (22/183 vs 2/183) and had at least one event of nausea, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, pain, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating than those who took placebo at 12 weeks. The fixed dose of 33 mg per day was found to be no better or worse than the other two doses. There was no benefit on the ADAS-Cog score (which is a test of the effects of drugs on the brain) at 6, 12, or 24 weeks. When no treatment was made to find out which dose was the best, a group of people in the control group withdrew from the trial (13/83 vs 5/93) and there was a high rate of people who withdrew due to adverse events (234/358, 95% CI 31/117 to 234/358) and a high dropout rate (196/358 vs 10/117) from the study. The higher dose (5.7 µg per day) was the same as the other drugs, but the lower dose (3.0 µg) was more likely to cause side-effects and more people dropped out than the others. The study of the controlled-release form did not find benefit of this form of drug. The other forms of this drug did not help people with Alzheimer's
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (16,112 adults) comparing fibrates with placebo (dummy drug) or no fibrate. Eleven of the 13 trials included people with a history of heart disease, and in one of them, people had a mix of heart and stroke. We found that people who had a stroke were less likely to die from heart or vascular causes than those who had no stroke, and there was no increase in the risk of death from all cause. The risk of dying from any cause was not higher in the group of people whose blood clots had been clogged up (fibrate) compared to the control group. We did not find that there was an increase in side effects with fibres, but we did find that the use of clofibrate (a drug that had been stopped in 2002 due to its large side-effects) was still effective in preventing heart and vascular death. We judged that the overall risk of bias was moderate.
We included randomised trials that compared the use of TA with placebo (pretend) or no intervention. We included women at low risk of high blood loss, who had not had a CS or had given birth at home. We looked at whether TA was safe and whether it reduced blood loss greater than 500 mL or 400 mL, or more than 1000 mL, after birth and after CS. We found that women who had received TA had less blood loss than those who had had CS, but not after birth. The risk of blood loss of 1000 mL or more was less in the group of women who received TA than in those who did not. There was no difference in the risk between the groups. Mean blood loss (from the time of birth up to one and a half hours after birth) was lower in women who were treated with TA compared with those who were not, and this was the same for both groups following birth and CS. However, there was an increase in the number of episodes of nausea, vomiting, dizziness and dizziness in the TA group compared with the group that did not receive TA. Mild side effects such as dizziness, nausea, and abdominal pain were more common in the groups that received TA. The effect of TA on the risk of death from any cause, severe illness, or from blood clots in the blood is not clear (low or very low quality of evidence). There is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increased risk of minor side events such as nausea, nausea and vomiting with the addition of TA to other drugs used to prevent excessive blood loss. The use of this drug in high-risk women should be investigated, and its use in women at high risk of excessive bleeding should be assessed further. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 adults) that compared amantadine and rimantdine with placebo (e.g. paracetamol) or zanamivir (two trials: 545 adults) to treat influenza A in children and the elderly. The risk of influenza A was 10 per 100 in the control group and the risk in the group with rimanta was one per 100. We found no studies assessing the use of amanta in the children. For treatment, the risk of fever on day three of treatment was 38 per 100 (range 0 to 34 per 100) in children. The corresponding risk was 14 per 100 among adults. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drug was not well established. There was no evidence of harm caused by the drugs.
We found nine randomised studies, which included a total of 1512 women. Most of these women were undergoing IUI and in two of these studies the women were trying to get pregnant via sex. Eight studies compared endometrial injury with no injury or a'sham' (pretend) surgery. One of these two studies also looked at the timing of the IUI cycle and found that there was no evidence of an effect on the chance of a live birth/ongoing pregnancy. When we looked at women who had an IUI prior to the same cycle as the IU, there was also no difference in the risk of live birth or ongoing pregnancy. We are unsure whether endometral injury is better or worse than no surgery or a sham surgery as the results were imprecise and we are uncertain whether it improves live birth rates. We also found that when we compared the number of women who were able to have a full-term, live birth with those who did not have endometrioplasty (a surgery to open up the womb) that there may be less risk of a miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy (pregnant but not yet born) or multiple pregnancy. The quality of evidence was low or very low. The main reasons for this were that most of the studies were at a high risk of bias and had an effect that was not as good as it could be. More well-conducted RCTs are needed to confirm or refute these findings. The average pain that women had while having endometric surgery was 6/10 on a scale of 0 to 10 on a 0- to 10-point score, but only one study reported this outcome. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution as we graded the quality of the evidence as either low or Very low.
We found four RCTs with a total of 3905 participants. All of the studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. The studies all looked at one comparison: professional oral care versus usual care. Only one study (834 participants) looked at the side-effects of the interventions. We were not able to pool the results from this one study due to lack of a clear effect between the groups. We could not be sure whether or not professional care was more or less likely to cause a first episode of pneumonia. We found that there was low-risk of death due to any cause in nursing homes when compared to the usual care, but we were unable to draw conclusions about the risk of death from all causes. We did not find any high-risk outcomes. No studies looked at whether there was a difference in the risk between professional care and no care. We are not sure which oral care method is best to use to reduce the number of people who die due to pneumonia in the long term. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes. This means that we cannot be sure that the effects of the methods are the same for all the outcomes.
We included five RCTs with a total of 149 participants in this review. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) versus placebo (e.g. a pill), budesonide versus placebo, mesalazine (2.4 g/day or 10 mg) and beclometasone dipropionate (5 mg, 10 mg or more) compared with mesalazepine. The study which assessed mesalizamide (2 mg) compared to placebo was judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding. The other 3 studies were judged to have a low risk of being at high or very low risks of bias. Bismuth (nine 262 mg tablets) was not more effective than a placebo in the study of patients who were not treated with a pill. There were no clear differences between the groups in terms of the number of people who had a response (response) to the drug and those who did not have one. No side effects were found in either study. There was no difference in the numbers of patients in the other 2 studies. Beclomet asone (2 g) was found to be effective for the treatment of active lymphocytic colitis in patients who had active lymphocytes in the colon compared to a placebo. Patients in the mesalidine group had a better response than those in the placebo group at 8 weeks, but not at 12 months of treatment. Side effects were not seen in either of the other studies. Side-effects in the beclomegine study were nausea, sleepiness and change of mood. The only had a few patients in each group and no side-effect events were seen in the budone group. The beclomiphene study had a very small sample size and did not report any side-effects. There is low-quality evidence from the five included studies that budesonid may be
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care (control group) in 3259 patients. The duration of the studies ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 52 weeks. Nine of the 12 RCTs assessed the effects of self-medicine-free (SMBG) in patients with a duration of one year or more. One RCT assessed the effect of SMBG in people with type 2 diabetes who are not on a blood-sugar pump and one compared SMBG with SMUG (smug is a device that records blood sugar). The other three RCTes assessed the cost of the self-mood of patients. We found that SMBG had a small effect on the HbA1c (high blood sugar) level at up to six months, yet this effect was not seen at 12 months. We also found that there was no effect on well-being or health-based well-ness. We did not find any effect on patients' satisfaction, well- being or general health- and well-health-based quality of life. The cost of self monitoring of blood sugar was 12 times more in the first year than that of urine-sensors. There were few data on the risk of death from any cause. None of the trials looked at the impact of the use of drugs to control blood sugar. We conclude that when patients have a length of time without a blood sugar monitor, SMBG can help improve glycaemic control.
This is an update of a review that had been carried out in 2004. We found 11 studies involving 471 adults with AsPD, although data were available from only five of these, with a total of 276 participants, for inclusion in the review. Eleven studies were included in the original review. Only five of the studies were of high quality, and none of them looked at the long-term effects of any of the treatments. Only three of the interventions (contingency management plus maintenance; CBT plus treatment as usual; and the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated’ program) were found to be effective in terms of improving at least one of the main outcomes. Each of these interventions had been developed for people with substance use problems. No study found that any of them changed any specific antisocial behaviour. Overall, there is not enough evidence to support the use of any treatment for adults with AsPD.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our inclusion criteria. Six of these included people with the common cold (1047 people) and five of them had acute purulent rhinitis (791 people) with a mean age of 18 years and a mean symptom range of 6 to 72 weeks. There was no benefit from the use of antibiotics for the treatment of the cold in adults. Antibiotics did not help in terms of cure or the length of time that the cold lasted in adults compared to those who were treated with a fake medicine (placebo). There was an increase in the risk of side effects in adults when given for the cold and in all ages when antibiotics were used for the acute purulence of the nose. There is no evidence of any benefit from antibiotics for treating the cold or for persisting symptoms in children or adults. Routine use of the drug for these conditions is not recommended. The quality of the included RCTs was low to very low. This was due to the lack of information about how the trials were done and the wide range of antibiotics used and the way in which outcomes were measured.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 162 adults and children. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; two were younger than 15 years. The mean PASI score at baseline ranged from 5.7 (i.e. mild) in four studies. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. We are uncertain of both the effects and safety of antibiotic treatment compared with no treatment. None of the trials assessed our main outcome, time-to-relapse, or the risk of at least one relapse. One trial (N = 20) assessed penicillin (1.6 MU per day, intramuscularly once a day) versus no treatment, with an eight-week follow-up from the start of treatment. At six-week (short-term) treatment, no side effects were observed in the two groups, and there was no difference in the proportion of patients with clear skin. There was very low-risk of bias (absence of blinding) and imprecision (low number of events). Hence, we are uncertain about the results. One of the studies reported that one out of 30 patients had a side effect in the azithromycin group (slight stomach pain and nausea), but not in the other group. The number of patients who achieved clear or clear skin was not measured. We found no data on side effects in the rifampicin group (300 mg twice daily) or the placebo (dilaudid twice a day). There were no side events in either group. One study did not assess any of the outcomes of interest. The quality of the results as very low, due to high risk of bias, and high risks of bias in the way that participants and their carers were aware of the type and amount of treatment they received.
We identified 12 RCTs with 933 adults with MS. Eleven of the 12 studies tested the effects of vitamin D₃, and one study tested the use of the drug in a placebo group. All 12 studies were of very low-quality. We found no effect on the risk of relapse of MS, worsening of the condition, or MRI lesions. There was no difference in the number of patients who had a relapse at 52 weeks of treatment. The risk of serious adverse events was low, and there was no change in health-related and quality of life scores. One study (158 adults) found that people with MS were less tired when they took vitamin D at 26 weeks of follow-up. The other study (71 adults) did not find an effect on fatigue. We did not have any data on time to first MS relapse, risk of need to go to hospital due to MS-like symptoms, time to the first relapse, time until relapse, or symptoms of MS that are linked to MS, such as pain, muscle pain, and tiredness. We also found no clear pattern of change in the body’s immune system. We are not able to draw any conclusion on the effect of the treatment on the severity of MS symptoms, the time to relapse, and the need for a relapse due to the progression of MS. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not vitamin D is safe. More research is needed. The quality of evidence was very low. This means that we cannot be sure of the accuracy of the results. Further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results and may change the conclusions of this review.
We found 62 studies with 4241 people with cancer. Most of these trials were of poor quality and used a cross-over design, which means that participants were put in one of two or more treatment groups at the same time. Most studies did not report how many people had good pain relief, but where it was found that good levels of pain relief were achieved, over 90% of people had no worse than mild pain in a short time. Morphine is an analgesic for cancer pain. Where results were found for the same group of people in 17 studies, 96% had pain that was no more than mild, and 63% achieved good pain-relief. A small number of people could not tolerate the dose of morphine that was used, and 6% stopped treatment with the medicine. The review shows the wide dose range of morphine used in the trials, and that a few people are not able to take this medicine. It was not clear if these studies were large or well-run. Most were old, and many were carried out for the use of drugs that are not used for pain control, so could not be used for long-term treatment.
We found 14 trials, with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the surgery ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most of the studies were of poor or very poor design, and it was not clear whether they had been run well or had been done well. Most studies did not have a clear control group, and we could not tell whether one group was better or worse than the other. We found that open surgery was less likely to cause a recurrence of the trigger finger and was better in terms of pain at one week compared with the other treatments. We also found that people had less pain with open surgery. We are uncertain whether people had more side-effects (e.g. pain on the skin in the palm of the hand) and were more than twice as likely to have a stroke or a cut in their hand after open surgery than with steroid injection. There was no difference in the risk of stroke or cut in the hand in the group that had open surgery, and there was no change in people’s pain in the control group. We could not draw conclusions about the long-term effect of any of the treatments. The quality of evidence was low for all comparisons. This means that we are not certain that the true effect of each method is the same.
We identified three RCTs, with 931 participants, that compared RT alone with RT plus PCV or PCV alone. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, showed that people with AO or AOA who had RT and PCV had a longer time to live than people with RT alone. This result was not apparent in the 2008 Cochrane review, but was found 10 years after the trial was completed. The other RCT (NOA-04) showed that the use of PCV with RT improved the time to death in patients with AOA. However, PCV was found to cause side-effects in some of the people in the EORTC group, and it is unclear if it can be used to treat AOA in the short-term.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. The follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three studies compared intranasal steroids with a fake drug (placebo); two compared a type of drug (montelukast) with placebo; and we did not include one study that did not use a randomised trial. We are not sure if there is a difference in AHI (AHI 1 to 30 per hour) between the two groups. We also are uncertain about the effect on AHI, as well as the other main outcomes (e.g. desaturation index, which is a measure of the amount of light in a child's lungs, and nadir (which is the point at which the child’s lungs get cold) of oxygen saturation). We are also uncertain whether there is an effect on the other outcomes that we thought might be of use, such as apnea (short-term sleepiness), hypopnea (feels like the air is not in the lungs), and respiratory arousals (which are short-term coughs and gasps heard during sleep). All studies were well-conducted and had a low risk of bias, but we had concerns about the way one of the studies was done. We found that in the short term, the use of montelukasts may reduce the risk of apnea, hypopnoeas, and wheezes in children. There was no clear difference between the groups in terms of the number of children who had an AHI. In the long term, we are not certain if there are any differences in the effect of the drugs on the level of sleepiness, desaturation, and oxygen levels. Adverse events were assessed in all studies and were rare, of a mild nature (like nose bleeds), and well-toler
We found six randomised controlled studies (RCTs and CCTs) including 1291 children. Of the six RCTs/CCTs, five investigated the prevention of VTE compared with no intervention (n = 737), and one CCT compared antithrombin (AT) with AT and heparin (LMWH) and low-dose warfarin. All studies had some limitations in the way they were done. We found no effect of systemic treatments in preventing VTE. However, in one study, we found that the use of LMWH to add to AT had a benefit in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE (when VTE occurs but is not seen as a sign of a VTE) and there were no adverse events. None of the studies found that there was a difference in the risk of bleeding (such as major and/or minor) between the two groups. We did not find that there were any adverse events in the CVC group. The risk of developing VTE was low, and none of the trials found that any of the treatments had an effect on bleeding. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the best way to treat children with CVCs. More research is needed.
The aim of this review was to assess the role of CSFD in reducing the risk of neurological deficit in patients who have had thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for TAAA repair. Three trials with a total of 287 patients were included. The first trial of 98 patients showed that CSFD resulted in an 80% decrease in the rate of postoperative deficits. The second trial of 33 patients used CSFD and a drug called papaverine. It showed a large reduction in the number of patients who had a severe brain injury. In the third trial of 145 patients, CSFD was used to repair a TAAA. The risk of a spinal cord cord injury was not reduced. Paraplegia occurred in 12.2% of the patients in the CSFD group (12.2%) and in 2.7% in the control group (2.7%) after 48 hours of treatment. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 13 RCTs, with a total of 662 participants, that compared NB-UVB with other non-steroidal antifungal treatments for CPP and PPP. Our main outcome was the proportion of people with CPP who were able to reach a cure rate of 75% or more. We also looked at the number of people who dropped out of the studies due to side effects and the percentage of people whose skin was cleared from CPP or PPP, as well as the occurrence of side-effects. We found that in one RCT of NB-UUVB, there was no difference in PASI 75. In three other trials of CPP, the results were not very clear, and in one, there were no clear results for the two groups. In one study of PPP and one of the other trials, the studies did not show that there was a clear result for either group. We are not able to draw conclusions about the long-term side-side-effects from this review due to the lack of data. The results from the studies were not consistent, and we could not draw any conclusion from them about the risk of side effects. There was no clear evidence of a clear difference in the numbers of people in either group who had to withdraw from the trials due to adverse events. There were also no clear findings for the other comparisons, such as the use of bath PUVA (a gel applied to the skin) or the skin of the CPP group. There is no clear result in favour of the NB-VUVB group in terms of clearing CPP. There are other types of non-serum UVB that can be used for PPP but we do not know if they are as good or worse than the other. We do not have a clear answer to the question of which is better to use for clearing PPP in the long term. The quality of the evidence was low for all
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of biofeedback, sphincter training and other types of treatment for faecal leakage from the anus. We found that there is some evidence that the use of these treatments may be better than no treatment. There was not much evidence as to whether there was a benefit in any of the methods. There is a need for more research in this field. The quality of the trials was good, but they were small and had a high risk of bias.
We found 39 randomised trials that compared the use of a catheters or not, or both, in people who had had surgery to remove a catheter. They were all small and of poor or low quality. We could not draw any firm conclusions about whether or not to use a cathetter. There was a greater risk of needing to be re-catheterised (re-cathedraed) if the catheter was not used after surgery. However, there was no clear difference in the risk of recatheterised surgery. There were no clear benefits of a clamp-and-release (where the catheter is kept in place by a clamp) policy. The review did not find that one policy was better than the other.
We found ten randomised trials (3340 adults and children/adolescents) comparing aripiprazole with placebo (dummy drug) or other drugs to treat mania. A high drop-out rate from most trials (> 20% for each treatment in eight studies) may have had an impact on the results, which may have led to a lower-than-average dropout rate. We found moderate-to-high-quality data for the effectiveness of ariplix (an anticholinergic drug) in treating mania in adults. Evidence shows that at three and four weeks of treatment, people were less likely to have mania than people given a fake drug (known as a 'dummy' drug). At six weeks of therapy, we found that people were no more or less than those who were on a real drug (e.g. valproate) for mania, but there was no difference in the number of people who felt better. At 12 weeks, we did not find a clear difference between people who were treated with aipipazole and other drugs for the treatment of mania; however, at 12 weeks after treatment, more people were found to have a movement disorder (such as tremors and tingling) than with the other drugs, and more had to be treated with other drugs. The side-effects were not as bad as we had feared. Ariplegia (nausea, feeling sick, and headache) was more common in people who took aiprazoles than other drugs and was the same as in both men and boys and girls, and it was similar in both girls and boys. The quality of evidence was high for the side effects of the other drug treatments, but not for the movement disorders. The overall risk of bias was not high, but this may have been due to the high number of dropouts from the trials.
We found three RCTs and one CCT that evaluated the use of antibiotics in the treatment of CVC-infected children with cancer. We found no difference in the number of children who were cured, the risk of recurred CVC infections, the time from the first CVC to be removed, the occurrence of new infections, or the need for CVCs to be taken out. No adverse events were found in the five studies that were included in the review. The studies did not have a high risk of bias. We did not find a clear effect of urokinase or ethanol lock in addition to the antibiotics. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short time of follow-up. No studies were found on antibiotic lock treatments alone. More well-planned and well-conducted studies are needed to further explore the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments in the therapy of CV-related infections in the cancer of the child.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) for this review. The RCTs included adults with whiplash of any type or severity. The review found that a video on how to change the way a person feels when asked to move, called 'advice to activate', was more effective than no treatment for people with acute neck pain. However, there was no effect on pain or function. There was no evidence that self-care methods, such as advice on pain & stress coping skills, or workplace ergonomics, were helpful. There were no trials that looked at the effect of self-help methods on the length of time a patient had neck pain, or the type of treatment. There is low to very low-quality data for the use of other treatments, and for some interventions, the results were the same as for the video on 'adults can change how they feel' or 'help change how people feel'. There is no evidence of benefit for advice on stress-coping skills, pain and stress skills, and self care. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the rest of the treatments. This is due to the lack of rigour in the way the trials were run, and the fact that not all trials were of high quality. Further research is likely to have an impact on the results and should be done with sound adult learning theory and learning skills.
We did not find any randomised, quasi-randomised, or quasi-experiments that assessed the best way of communicating with people at risk. We found 49 studies and pieces of literature that met our inclusion criteria. The thematics of these studies are shown in appendices to this Cochrane review. In total, 49 of these were included in the thematics, and the results of these form the basis of a thematic synthesis that can be used to guide policy and practice decisions about how to reach out to those at risk of CJD or vCJD. There is not yet good-enough evidence to determine the best ways of reaching out to the most at risk groups, such as those who are at high risk of CJD or CJD, or to help them when they are at risk, or support them in the long term.
We found only one randomised trial (N = 304 patients) that looked at the use of opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) to treat RLS. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms were better in the drug group than in the placebo group. More of the patients in the treatment group were able to use the drugs, and more were treated with them. Quality of life was also better in patients who took the drug. Sleep was also improved more in the group that took the drugs. The major side effects were pain, nausea, and headache. The dropout rate was high, and there was a high drop-out rate. The evidence is of low quality due to the high drop out rate and the small size of the study. Opioids seem to be good for treating RLS, but we are not sure if they are safe.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of surgery to fix the fracture. Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults, were included in the review. All of the trials had a high risk of bias. There was no difference in the number of fractures that had to be fixed by surgery, but this may be due to the fact that most of these were in the same place on the back of the neck. There were no major side effects, but there were a high rate of surgical problems, such as pin-track infection, but most of them were minor. The risk of late collapse and malunion (collapse of the bone) was lower with surgery. The results of the studies did not show that there was a greater risk of long-term adverse events such as paralysis or death. Some of these could have been avoided if the pin had been inserted in the wrong place.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1127 patients) comparing early stent removal with late removal. It is uncertain whether there is a greater risk of MUC in the group that had an ureter stent. The risk of UTI was similar in both groups. However, UTI may be lower in the early group. This benefit was only apparent if a stent was used that was inserted through a hole in the back of the kidney. There was no clear difference in UTI in the late group. We were not able to determine if there was a benefit from the use of an internal stent (PU stent) as there were no clear results for this. Data on health outcomes such as cost, health-based costs and quality of life were not available. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We found five studies that compared crowns with fillings. Four of the five studies used PMCs and two used crowns fitted with the Hall Technique. One of the other three compared PMCs fitted with conventional technique with non-restorative treatment. The final study compared the use of PMCs with two types of crowns. We found no RCTs comparing crowns fitting using the Hall technique with filling. There were no trials that compared the two methods of filling teeth. One study found that crowns placed on the top of molar teeth, or on teeth that had had pulp treatment, are likely to be less painful in the long term (12 months or more) than fillers. There was also less risk of gingival bleeds (blood in the gums) with crowns than with fillers, but we are not sure if there is a difference in the risk of pain or risk of bleeding when crowns are used, or when fillings are used. Only one of the studies compared PMC crowns (fitted with a method that is not used for filling teeth) with other forms of treatment, and so we are uncertain about the results. There is no high-quality, well-known method of crowning teeth, so we do not know if this method is safe. There are no studies that have looked at crowns that are fitted in the Hall method. The quality of the evidence for crowns versus fillings is very low. The studies did not measure some outcomes that we were interested in, such as the time from the start of treatment to the time to the crown was removed, and the cost of the crown.
We found 28 studies (involving 788 participants including both children and adults) to include in this review. Most of these studies did not use masks, and in 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was done with a mask. In three studies a mouthpiece was used, but in three studies it was not clear whether this was used. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP, high-fibre chest wall oscillation and exercise. We found that when PEP was used for at least one year, there was a reduction in the rate of lung flare-ups (flare-ups) compared to other airway clearance techniques. There was no difference between PEP and ACBT or AD in terms of the number of people who had a flare-up. However, long-term (three months or more) studies had conflicting results on this. We also found that there was no effect of PEP on mucus clearance (cleansing of the mucus), but there was an increase in the risk of side effects in people who used PEP. In PEP or PDPV, there were a few side effects, but these were mostly mild in PEP groups. In one of the included studies, five people in the HFCWO group had dizziness, which was improved after further advice on how to use the device. In all the studies, people with CF who used a mask preferred PEP; and in all of the studies with an intervention time-point of at least a month, this was in favour of using PEP using a mask for at the end of treatment. The quality of the evidence provided by this review is variable, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the care of people with cystic fibroids.
We found four studies with a total of 1485 adult patients with a mean age of 18 years of age. All patients had Crohn's disease with a CDAI of 220 to 450. CZP was shown to be better than placebo (a fake drug) for achieving remission (no treatment) at week 8 in participants with CD who were not in active CD. This means that participants with active CD who are in the active CD group will not be able to receive the fake drug for at least one week. The risk of serious adverse events was 8.7% (73/835) and 6.2% (40/650) in participants in the two groups, which means that serious side effects could occur in both groups. Serious side effect events could be caused by the use of the drug, such as diarrhoea, stomach ulcers, and skin rash. It is not clear whether the risk of a serious side effect is different in the group of people who take CZPs and the group who take a fake drug. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate due to the small number of participants in each group and the fact that one of the studies used a non-identical fake drug (placebo) in the other.
We found 112 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our standards for our review. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was high or unclear, and there was a high risk of systematic error (ie, there was an over-estimate of the true effect) in many of the studies. We found that in patients with CKD, beta-blockers may be a safe and well-treatable drug for heart failure. We also found that the risk of death was lower for people with heart failure who took these drugs compared to people who did not take them. We were not able to assess the effects of these drugs on the risks of low blood pressure, low heart rate, low blood flow, or low blood sugar. Patients who took the drugs may be at risk of high blood pressure. We did not find that the drugs had any side effects. We could not assess the side-effects of the drugs in CKD due to the lack of data. We are not sure whether the drugs are safe or not. The effects of drugs to treat heart failure in the general population are not clear. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1945 women. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. The trials did not show that there was a difference between the types of tocodynamometry for any of the mother's or newborn's outcomes. The pooled risk for the baby's birth was not different, nor was the risk for a caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction. The risk of high-stimulation of the umbilical artery was reported in one trial (n = 489), but there was no difference between groups. There were no deaths in the trials and no neonatal deaths. There was no evidence that one method was better than the other for the mother or the baby.
We found that there is not enough evidence to assess the effect of exercise in people with CVI. We included a total of 54 participants in our review. We were not able to pool the data from both of the studies as they used a range of scales to measure the intensity of CVI symptoms. One study did not show a difference between the exercise and control groups in terms of change in change in ejection rate, half venous refilling time and the time taken for the blood to reach the leg from the leg to be filled with fluid. One of the trials did not report on the number of venous leg ulcers, the risk of surgery to treat CVI and the amount of time it took for the leg muscles to heal. We rated both studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these results should be interpreted with care. We could not be sure that there was no bias in the methods used in either study. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not sure if there was any bias due to the way that the studies were done. Therefore, we judged the quality of evidence to be very low.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. The aim of the review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of the HA class of products in the treatment of OA of the knee. Fifty-eight randomised, quasi-randomised and quasi-blinded trials with a total of 76 trials were identified. The trials compared hyaluronan/hylan with placebo (saline or arthrocentesis) or other HA-based products, other types of viscosupplements, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) (drugs that reduce inflammation), other treatments, exercise, arthroscopy, surgery, and other treatments. The length of treatment ranged from one day to 18 months. The results showed that the HA group of products are an effective treatment for OA and that they are as good as other forms of treatment, such as NSAIDs, for pain, function and assessment of the patient’s overall well-being. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of these types of treatments and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions about the relative value of different products. The quality of the evidence was moderate to large for some comparisons and at some timepoints.
We found 10 studies with a total of 4052 women. Four studies (1881 participants) compared the use of misoprostol with placebo (fake drug) in addition to uterotonics. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of the drug on the risk of death or the need for hysterectomy. Two trials (1787 women) compared 800 mcg sublingual (sublingual is the smallest type of medicine) of the sedative drug, oxytocin (a drug that is used to relax the uterus), with oxytocine infusion as the first-line treatment for PPH. We found that among women who had already been on uterotonic treatment, the treatment with a dose of 600 to 1000 mcg of this medicine did not improve the chances of death, serious maternal ill-health, or admission to hospital. The risk of bleeding to the brain and heart was the same in both groups. Women who had received a uterotomy were more likely to have blood loss of at least 1000 mL. The use of a lower dose of the drugs caused side effects, such as shivering and nausea. The role of tranexamic acid and other drugs for the treatment of PPH is still not clear. One of the studies looked at compression, but was too small to assess impact on the outcomes. Two other trials tried to test the effects of other drugs (estrogen and tranxamol) but were too few to make any meaningful comparisons. None of the trials looked at surgery. The review found that when used after uterotics, the drugs used to treat PPH were similar. The addition of a higher dose (800 mcg) of a sedative, the drug, was no better than the lower dose. The number of side effects was higher in the low-dose group. The studies did not have enough women to assess the impact of the other drugs. The trials were too
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated short-term cysteine-free PN. Five of these RCTs were conducted in preterm infants. One large RCT was conducted in very low birth weight (1000 grams or less) infants. N-acetylcysteine supplementation did not affect growth or the risk of death by 36 postmenstrual weeks. Nitrogen retention was increased by N-acelyceine supplementation (4 trials), but there was no effect on the risks of death or BPD. There was no difference in the risks for the risk groups of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), death or death by BPD, retinitis of prematurity (ROP), eye problems, brain tumour, stroke, brain bleeds, stroke and heart problems, periventricular leukomalacia (a type of blood clot in the brain), stroke, and stroke. Intravenous bleedage (bleeding) was not found to be a risk in the included RCT. There is not yet enough evidence to assess the risks from the use of long-term treatment with cysteines, but there is concern that there may be an increase in the levels of metabolic acidosis, which has been reported in the first two weeks of treatment.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) including 6287 people with NAFLD. Forty-one RCTs (3829 participants) compared active treatment versus no treatment. Thirty-five of the 77 trials included only people with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsies). Five of the trials were funded by a drug-maker that would have a role in the results of the trial. Five trials did not report the source of funding. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. There were no deaths in either group in the one trial which reported the proportion of people with deaths. None of the patients in the other trials had serious side-effects. There was no evidence of difference in the risk of death in the two trials which showed that bile acids were no more safe than no treatment, or in the number of deaths, serious side events, or side effects between the two groups. The quality of the evidence was very low. Source of funding The source of the funding was not clear in 39 trials. Most trials were partly or fully funded by the drug-makers that would be able to use the drug in the study. Twelve of the studies did not use the drugs or did not receive any funding from other sources. All the trials had some risk of bias. Overall, we are very unsure about the effects of drugs for NAFLd. Further well-designed, large, well-planned, and well-run, trials are needed.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (1282 adults) with MCI. Of these, 430 had converted to Alzheimer’s disease and 130 to other forms of dementia. The follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some, but in the majority of studies, the time to diagnosis was one to three years. We found that the CSF test t-tau was better than the other CSF tests at identifying the cause of the MCI, and therefore might be used to rule out Alzheimer's disease as the cause, as well as other types of disease. The CSF testing of a protein in the blood, the p- tau, was also found to be better than those of the other tests, and might be of greater use in the case of Alzheimer's, as it could rule out the risk of the disease from the patient's symptoms. The studies were small and had a high risk of bias, so we could not be sure of the accuracy of these tests. We could not draw any conclusions about the value of CSF blood tests for the treatment of people with Alzheimer's or other forms (dementia) due to the lack of data. More research is needed in this area.
We found three randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared the use of TIVA with an inhaled anaesthetic for transabdomine surgery in men with prostate cancer. All the men were male and were undergoing a type of surgery known as 'robot surgery'. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and had had surgery on the prostate. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We found that there was no difference between the types of anaesthetic in terms of pain at one to six hours after surgery. However, we found that patients who were given propofol had less nausea and vomiting than those who received sevoflurane. It is not clear whether this was due to differences in the type of anaesthesia. We also found that people who were put into a'steep Trendelenburg' (elevation-based) or 'pneumoperitoneum' (pneumostomy-like) position had less eye pain than those put into the'shoe-like' position. We did not find that there were any side-effects of the anaesthetic. The quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials and did not give clear descriptions of the methods used to achieve the same results. No study looked at the risk of death from any cause.
We found 14 studies with 1,601,515 women. Most studies found no evidence of a link between the use of topical corticosteroids of any potency by the mother and pregnancy outcomes, including mode of birth, preterm birth, or preterm delivery. There was a risk of low birth weight in the group of women who took corticostopics of mild to moderate strength, but we did not find a link in the other groups. We found that there was a lower risk of foetal death in women who had a higher dose of the most potent steroid (potent to very strong), but there was no effect of the dose on the other subgroups. There were no clear effects on the risk of preterm births, orofacial cleft, or the Apgar (a score that measures the size and shape of the baby's head) score. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. This is due to the small size of the studies, imprecision in the results, and the fact that results were not similar across the studies.
We found four RCTs that included 611 patients with bacterial keratitis (612 eyes). These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. Three of the four trials were of good quality, but all had a high risk of bias (10% or more of the participants would have been lost to treatment if they had not been included in the study). The largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers (SCUT) trial, and the other three were small. All of the trials had a short-term (two months to one year) follow-up. None of the studies found that the use of corticosteroids had an effect on visual acuity, and none of them found any important difference in time to re-epithelialization. For adverse events, none of the three small trials found any difference between the treatment groups. The largest RCT reported that there were more eye ulcers in the control group. One of the other small trials, which did not have a large number of patients, found no difference in the risk of IOP. We did not find any reports on the cost of treatment. Although the four studies were well-designed, they were all too small and had too few patients to detect a difference between groups. There is not enough good-enough evidence to show that corticostomy is better than no treatment in the treatment of the condition.
We found four trials with 450 people with ischaemic stroke. We found no evidence that percutaneous treatment was better than intravenous treatment. There was a non-significant increase in the risk of death in people who had a stroke that required a cut in the skin to treat the clot. We did not find that there was a difference in the number of people who suffered a stroke in the brain. We also found that there were no major side effects. We rated the quality of evidence from the four trials as low. More research is needed to find out which is the best way to treat people with stroke.
We found one very low-quality trial, involving 120 families and 143 children, that looked at day care in high-income countries for children from low-income and low-risk groups. The study did not show that centre-based day care was better or worse than no day care for children. It did not report on the effects of day care on children's cognitive or psychosococial development, employment of parents, or the amount of time spent in paid work. This review did not find that any of the studies were of high quality. There was a high risk of bias in the trial, as 63% of the children in the control group had a day care home that was not in the centre of the day care, and 63% had other day care services that were not part of the care at home. This means that the results may not be the same as they would be if the children had been in the same care home. There is a need for more research in this area, and this review is one of only a few that have been done. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
This is an overview of the results of a wide-ranging search of the medical literature to find the most accurate histogram-based histologic score for UC. The aim of the search was to find out the best histogram to use to guide the healing of ulcers. The search is up to date as of February 2013. In total, 126 reports were found describing 30 scores. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have been tested in some way. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most testing in that four of the five main characteristics of the index have been assessed. These are: a) the ability to identify ulcers that have not healed on their own; b) the degree to which the ulcer has healed on its own; c) the amount of time it takes for the ulcers to heal; and d) the response of the lesions to treatment. However, none of the scores have been fully tested in this way. In order to determine the best score, more research is needed.
We found three randomised trials that compared the use of nailing versus plate surgery in 213 adults with these fractures. The age of participants ranged from 41 to 44 years. The studies were of very low quality, which means that we are very unsure about the results. There was no difference in function or pain, and no clear difference in the need for reoperations or risk of adverse events, between the groups. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. Overall, there is no or very low-quality evidence to draw a conclusion on which is the best treatment for this type of fracture in adults.
We found 11 studies involving 38,742 people with stroke or TIA. Eight of the 11 studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three compared different systolic blood blood pressure targets (3632 people). The risk of bias was very low in all of the studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLD for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% CI 0.70 to 0.93). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for the risk of recurrence of a stroke was 1.0, and for stroke-like events 0.90. The risk ratio for dementia 0.88. We found that participants who used an ACE inhibitor or a diuretic were at less risk of a new stroke. We did not find a difference in the risk for other types of stroke, such as stroke and heart attack, or for heart failure and stroke. The quality of evidence was high for all outcomes.
We found four randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials that tested three types of B-sitosterol (B-glucosidics) and one that was of 100% B-sosteryl-D-glue. The trials lasted 4 to 26 weeks. B-Sitosterols reduced prostate size in men with BPH and did not reduce the size of the prostate when compared to a placebo. Men who took these drugs did not have more urine flow than men who took a fake drug. The studies did not show that men taking these drugs were less likely to have prostate cancer in the long term. However, their long term effect, safety and risk of BPH complications are not known. More studies are needed to assess the long-term effects of these drugs.
We found 26 randomised trials comparing salmeterol to a non-steroidal drug (placebo), eight to salbutamol, and six to no treatment. These trials included 62,815 people with asthma. There was no difference in the risk of death from any cause with salmetamol and there was a clear increase in risk of dying from asthma in patients not on inhaled corticosteroids. The risk of serious side effects was the same in both groups. We could not assess whether the risk in children was more or less than in adults, as there were too few studies. We did find that there was an increase in the number of people who died from a cause that was not caused by the drug, but the risk was not more than in people who were not on an inhaled steroid. We also found an increased risk of deaths that were not due to the drug. We do not know if the risk is more in children. The number of deaths due to asthma was not large in the trials, but we could not rule out that the risk could be more in the group of people not on the inhaled steroids. There is not enough evidence to say whether inhaled drugs are better or worse than no drug in terms of side effects.
We found that there is no evidence that post-natal use of thyroid hormones can reduce the severity of RDS in preterm newborns. There is no difference in the risk of death or in the use of a ventilator. There was no clear benefit in the number of newborns who died before discharge from hospital. There were no major side effects of treatment. The use of L-thyroxine 50 μg/dose at 1 and at 24 hours or no treatment was not found to be effective.
We included 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 participants in this review. Eight trials had a low risk of bias in the assessment of death. All other trials had high risks of bias. We found that the non-absorbable disaccharides compared with placebo/no treatment may have a benefit on the risk of dying. We were able to use the data from 24 studies to assess the risk reduction. The results showed that the treatment with the drugs may reduce the number of people who died. When we used the results from 22 studies to evaluate the risk decrease, the drugs had a benefit of 32% compared with no treatment. We confirmed the results when we looked at the same results from eight trials. We also found that there may be a benefit in improving the effect of the drugs on quality of life. The drugs did not cause any harm. The risk of side effects was low. The only side effect that we found was that the drugs can cause in some people, but not all people, to be sick. The main side effects were mild (mainly in the gut) and were caused by the drugs. There was no difference in the side effects of lactulose and lactitol between the groups. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very low. This was mainly due to the lack of precision in the results and imprecision in the estimates of effect.
We found 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) that assessed the effects of treatments for bone disease in children and adults after kidney transplants. Treatments included bisphosphonate drugs, vitamin D drugs, and other treatments. The studies were of low or very low risk of bias, and included a wide range of patients. The results were not clear on whether any of the treatments had an effect on the risk of bone fracture or graft loss. It was not clear whether any other drug class had an impact on graft loss, death, heart disease, stroke, or all-cause or heart attack or stroke. Bisphosphone (a drug used to treat bone pain) may reduce bone fracture and bone pain in patients who have had a transplant. It is not clear if other drugs, such as vitamin D, reduce bone pain, and whether other drugs have any effect on bone disease. The effects of all other treatments were not known. The quality of evidence was low to very low. This means that we are not sure of the true effects of treatment for bone problems after a child or adult has had a kidney transplant.
We found four trials involving 317 people. Three of the included in this review studied the use of a type of drug called magnesium (magnetol) to treat the symptoms of the condition. One of the trials used parenteral (medicine pumped through a vein) treatment. The other three trials used a form of the drug in the form of a pill. All four trials had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may be imprecise. We found no study that measured all of the outcomes we were looking for. Only one of the four trials (113 people) measured handgrip strength, which is a sign of the strength of the hand. There was no change in strength in the group that received the drug. There were no other studies that looked at the effects of the drugs. There is not yet enough evidence to say whether or not magnesium is safe or effective for the treatment or prevention of people who have had a stroke or have been in a car crash.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 3057 participants. Ten of the 15 studies were from our 2012 review, and five are from the same group of trials from the 2012 review. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, the risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics. Five fewer patients in 100 will experience clinical failure if they are treated with antibiotics. The risk of side effects (harms) was higher with the use of antibiotics, and 13 more people in 100 would have side effects if they were given a placebo or no treatment. A brain abscess in one of 3057 patients was found in one trial. We could not draw conclusions about the risks and harms of antibiotics in children, people with a poor immune system, and those with severe sinusitis, due to the low risk of serious side effects.
We found eight RCTs comparing D2 to D1 lymphadenectomy in 2515 patients. Three trials (all performed in Asian countries) compared D3 with D2 lymphadenectomy: results showed no difference in OS and DFS. Five trials (three in Europe and one in Asia) found no difference between these two types of surgery. Data for DFS were available from one trial and for no trial were DSS results. Five studies (five in each of the two groups) found that D2-lungadenectomy was more effective in terms of DSS than D1-lymphadenectomy. The risk of dying after the surgery was higher in the D2 group. Overall, the quality of the body of data was rated as moderate.
This is an overview of the research on the use of naltrexone for people who are dependent on opioids. The aim of this review was to assess the efficacy and safety of this drug in the treatment of patients who have been in a long-term addiction to these drugs. A search for studies was run in 2008 and 13 studies were found, with a total of 1158 participants. The findings of this systematic review show that nalrexone is no better than other drugs in terms of the number of people who were re-incarcerated (re-arrested for any reason) during the study period. The results also show that there is no difference in retention and abstinence (time without use of the drug) or in the side-effects of the drugs. The number of participants who remained in treatment was low (28%) in the studies included in this review.
We did not find any clinical trials on the use of foods to change the consistency of fluids. We found that thickened fluids may improve the amount of fluid that can be swallowed, but we are not sure about the long-term impact of this on the health of people with dementia. There may be differences in the type of fluid and the way in which it was changed in the first two trials. There were no deaths in either of the trials. Neither of the studies looked at the effect of the change on quality of life. We are unsure about the effects of thickening fluids for the long term as we found too few studies. The first trial showed that honey thick fluids had a greater effect on getting the fluid clear from the throat and clearing the airway with the first trial, but this was not found in the follow-up of the first study. In the second, there were more adverse events (pneumonia) in people who took honey thick fluid than in those who took nectar thick fluids or had a chin down head posture. There are no deaths that are known to be linked to type of fluids, and no deaths were found that could be classed as 'definitely due' to the change in fluids. There is a need for more high-quality research in this area. Clinicians should be aware that while thickness of fluids may have an effect on the speed at which fluids can be removed from the mouth, the impact of thickness on the length of time it takes for the fluid to reach the mouth is not known.
We found six trials with a total of 788 women. The largest trial included 396 women eligible for this review. There was no difference in live birth rates between the two groups. However, there was a higher chance of live birth in the standard IVF group. For a woman with a 53% chance of a live birth with IVF, the chance of one live birth would range from 34% to 53%. There was also no evidence of a difference in rates of OHSS, multiple pregnancy, clinical pregnancy, gestations, or cancellations of IVF. One trial found that the chances of an oocyte was lower in the group of women who had IVF than in the other. There were not enough data to draw conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Finding on the costs of treatment was not clear and more data are needed. The quality of evidence was very low for live birth and pregnancy rates. This was due to the small size of trials and the choice of the way that the trials were carried out.
We included a total of 984 adults with COPD in this review. The average age of participants ranged from 61 to 74 years. Studies lasted from six weeks to one year. We compared Tai Chi versus usual care (i.e. no treatment) and found that Tai Chi improved quality of life, exercise capacity and lung function. Tai Chi also showed a longer six-minute walk distance and better lung function in post-programme data compared with usual care. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions, Tai Chi did not show improvement on symptoms nor on physical and psychosocial function. No adverse events were found in people who took part in Tai Chi. We concluded that Tai Ch is safe to practise in adults with chronic lung disease.
We found 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 people with stroke. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The studies included in this update were small and varied in terms of both the goals of the treatment and the type of device used. The risk of bias in many of the studies was unclear due to poor reporting of methods. We found that the use of the intervention was not more beneficial than other types of therapy in improving upper limb function (e.g. gait speed, balance) or quality of life. However, when it was used as an add-on to the usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a benefit. There was not enough evidence to reach a conclusion about the effect of the effects of the interventions on the time since onset of stroke, the severity of the stroke, and type of computer program used to play the games.
We found five trials (1330 adults and children) that compared fluoroquinolones with rifampicin, pyrazinamide, or isoniazid in people with drug-sensitive TB. None of the trials were short-term. Three of the included trials (723 people) found that adding a fluoquinole to the first-line drug treatment did not reduce death or relapse. For death, sputum, and side effects we are not certain if there is an effect (very low to low quality evidence). Three trials (433 people) added a fluorokinine to the treatment for relapse. No trials found that the use of fluorokine was more or less likely to lead to relapse. Treatment failure was not reported. No studies found that using a fluolinole to replace a drug called ethambutol (tricyclic enema of the lungs) in the first line drug treatment had an effect on death or relapsing. For relapse, we are uncertain if there was an effect. No trial found that a change in the drug used for the first treatment of drug-less TB was more likely to cause relapse. Six trials are in progress that will test shorter regimens (four months and less) of the first drug treatment.
