This review identified 38 studies involving 7843 children. Asthma education aimed at children and their parents or both who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can reduce the risk of future emergency department visits and hospital admission. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. There was no clear evidence that education reduced other markers of asthma morbidity, such as symptoms and lung function. However, it remains unclear as to what type, duration, and intensity of education is the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. We did not analyse the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine treatment, and we used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest, pain during movement, and pain after surgery. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants, and to 3753 participants who were not given ketamine. The average age of participants in the studies ranged from 36 to 65 years, and the average duration of the studies was 12 weeks. Most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. The evidence is current to January 2018. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and the number of participants was below 400. The quality of evidence was generally low or uncertain, except for study size; most studies had few participants per study arm, and most had low pain intensity, which means that we cannot be certain of the results. The number of people experiencing nausea and vomiting after surgery was reduced from 27% with placebo to 23% with ketamine (high-quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced at 24 hours, and at 48 hours, by 16% (moderate quality evidence). Ketamine increased the time for the first postoperative analgesic request by 54 minutes (moderate- quality evidence), and reduced the area of postoperative hyperalgesia by 7 cm² (very low quality evidence) (low risk of bias). The number needed to treat to prevent one person having nausea or vomiting after an operation was reduced by 19% (high quality evidence); the number needed for one person to experience one episode of nausea or vomit was reduced to 17% (low quality evidence; moderate risk of biased evidence). Overall, 5 in 10 (5%) people receiving ketamine and 4 in 10
We identified five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All trials reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen. One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth. In the second trial, 120 children aged five to nine years with blood-stage malaria were included. The vaccine showed promise as a way to reduce malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2-specific. The results of this review, however, should be interpreted with caution.
We found four studies, involving 125 participants, that evaluated the effects of electrical field stimulation. Three studies evaluated the use of pulsed and capacitive coupled electric fields. One study evaluated a combination of two types of electrical fields. The results of these studies were inconclusive. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant. The studies did not show a reduction in pain. There were two minor side effects, one of which was minor. More research is needed to determine the effect of electromagnetic field stimulation in the treatment of people with long bone fractures. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Bone. Email: [email protected]
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients having elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy only. One trial included patients undergoing an emergency operation. The average age of patients ranged between 48 years and 63 years. The proportion of females in the trials was 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no difference in short-term deaths in the 10 trials reporting on this outcome. There were no differences between the two groups in the proportion of patients who died in the short term. There was also no difference between the drain and 'no drain' groups in terms of the number of serious adverse events. The length of hospital stay was no different between the groups. The operating time was longer in the drain group than in the no drain group. The quality of life of the participants was not significantly different. The number of patients discharged as day-procedure (one trial involving 68 participants) seemed to be lower in the 'drain' group than the 'no drains' group. This trial did not provide information from which to base the standard deviation (the proportion of participants who were discharged on time) for these outcomes. There is no evidence to support the routine use of drain in patients undergoing laparoscopy. Further well designed clinical trials are necessary.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials. These herbs included four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compounds. The trials reported on global symptom improvement, changes in numbness or pain, and changes in nerve conduction. Eighteen trials found no adverse events. Two trials reported side effects. It was unclear in which group the side effects occurred. 29 trials did not mention if they monitored side effects or not. Most of the trials were of very low quality, and so the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic neuropathy should be made with caution.
This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All of the included studies were of short duration and had small numbers of patients. Few events were reported. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated the progression-free survival. A subgroup analysis of this study found that there were no important differences between IAS and CAS in the rate of biochemical progression. For patients with a Gleason score of 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10, the IAS group was more likely to slow cancer progression than the CAS group. However, IAS was also as effective as CAS in terms of potency, but was more potent during the interval of the cycles. One trial, with 43 patients, found no difference in side effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia, and asthenia) in IAS (two events) and CAS (five events). There were no data on cancer-specific survival, or disease progression. Limited information suggests that IAS may be slightly better than CAS for side effects.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial compared immediate insertion of the Copper 7 with delayed insertion. The quality of evidence was moderate. We found that women who had an abortion were more likely to have an IUD inserted immediately. The evidence also suggests that IUD use and expulsion rates were higher immediately after abortion. However, at six months after the abortion, more women used IUDs for intrauterine devices than if they had been delayed. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the IUD improved its use and reduced expulsion rates. From the two multicentre trials, it was found that pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C and Lippes Loop. We also found that the use of the LIPPES Loop was higher for women with an abortion than for women whose IUD was delayed. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of use of other IUD types. In summary, we found that insertion of a IUD after abortion is safe and practical.
We included only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period. There was no information on the average age and sex of the study population. We found a high risk for bias due to missing data. The trial found that meditation might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematological malignant patients. Levels of depression decreased in both the meditation group and the usual care group. However, we were unable to assess the effect of meditation on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, or side effects. We judged the overall quality of the evidence for all outcomes to be very low, as there were too few data and the trial was small.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcome measures measured. Overall, 13 out of 56 (23%) of the children with varicella fever developed the disease, compared with 42 out of 54 (78%) with no vaccine. Of the vaccine recipients, the majority had mild disease. In two of the three trials, most children were given PEP within three days following exposure; too few were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to be able to determine the effect of vaccine given more than three days. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. We found no RCTs for children younger than 16 years of age or adults. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in the two included studies. The quality of the included trials was not high enough to allow us to pool their results.
This review included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants. Eleven trials compared different prophylactic antibiotic treatments. There were no differences in the proportion of people developing MRSA infections in the comparison groups. In the single trial that compared a single antibiotic regimen with a placebo (dummy treatment), there were no significant differences. In four trials that reported deaths, there was no difference between the intervention and control groups. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay, or use of healthcare resources. In two trials, 19/478 (4.5%) people developed MRSA infection, including SSI, chest infection, and bacteraemia. There was no significant difference in any of the other outcomes. The trials did not report on serious adverse events. There is no evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotic regimens or an increased number of antibiotics is of benefit to people undergoing surgery. Well designed RCTs are necessary on this topic. All the trials were at high risk of bias.
We included two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. Overall, the number of women in each trial was too small to allow us to assess the effects of the two groups. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria for both studies and in both studies, relatively few of the women were included. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before the start of the trial. Perinatal death was reported in one trial and there was not enough evidence to be sure whether it differed between groups. There was no clear evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal illness or death. There is some evidence to suggest that women managed in hospital were more likely to have their baby born by caesarean section. However, the results of this review should be interpreted cautiously. Mothers who planned to care at home spent 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. The review found that home care may be associated with reduced costs.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean are non-absorbable staples and absorbable sutures. There is currently no conclusive evidence on how the skin should close after caesarian section. Staples are associated with the same risk of wound infection, pain, cosmesis and reclosure, and these two are the most commonly studied methods. If staples are removed on day three, the risk of skin separation is increased, and therefore, reclosure. However, it is important to note, that staples may have a differential effect for the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention, four examined a black tea intervention. There was one ongoing trial. Green tea was found to reduce blood pressure by 1.85 mmHg and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) blood cholesterol (LDC) by 0.43 mmol/L. The effect of green tea on blood pressure was not found to be statistically significant. Black tea was also found to produce a reduction in total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and blood pressure. The effects of both tea types were not shown to be harmful. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, cancer of the prostate, appendicitis and retinal detachment, but these are unlikely to be attributable to the intervention. The limited evidence suggests that tea may reduce CVD risk factors, but the results should be treated with some caution. Further high quality trials are needed to confirm this. There are very few studies to date examining green or black tea for the prevention of CVD. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
We found two small trials that recruited a total of 23 participants. Both studies were of poor quality and involved a small number of participants. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in one study, and the poor methods used in both studies, we cannot be certain that the findings of the studies apply to people with chronic asthma. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. There was no difference between the two studies in terms of lung function, symptoms and lung function tests. One study reported that people taking azathioprine had better lung function at the end of the study, but it is unclear how important this is. There is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of AZ as a steroid sparing-agent in the treatment of chronic asthma, and more research is needed. Large, long-term studies are required.
We identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for this review. The majority of studies were carried out in participants with breast cancer. A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, including 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 people who received an exercise intervention. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be more effective than the control group. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for all types of cancer therapy. In relation to diagnosis, we found benefits for breast and prostate cancer, but not for blood cancers. The findings of this review have enabled us to make a more precise conclusion to be made. Exercise can be regarded as beneficial for people with cancer-related tiredness during and after cancer treatment. This is particularly true for those with solid tumours. More research is needed to find the best type, intensity and timing of an exercise program. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation. http://mcpin.org/
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adult patients (16 to 65 years of age) with HL who had advanced HL. We found five eligible trials. We included all five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analysis. These trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and the EORTC 20012 in Belgium. The overall risk of bias in the trials was low for survival (OS) but was high for other outcomes, as patients were not blinded to the treatment they were receiving. All trials reported results for OS and progression free survival. In this update of the review, we found that patients treated with BEACOPP are more likely to live longer and have less tumour growth after five years of treatment compared to those treated with ABVD. There is no evidence of a difference in the number of deaths. However, we are uncertain how many women will be unable to get pregnant due to chemotherapy and which arm of treatment might be favoured. We are also uncertain about how many patients will be infertile because of treatment side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. This means that we have very little confidence in the results of this review.
We found fifteen randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high-income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients, but two studies included both breast cancer and prostate cancer. We found low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-educational interventions (two studies) compared to care as usual (low quality evidence). We found no difference in the effect of psycho-education (one study) on quality of life. Five RCTs involved multidisciplinary interventions (five studies). These involved vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling and/or biofeedback-assisted behavioral training. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. In one study, patients with cancer were offered a physical training programme. The evidence was of low quality. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias (risk of bias) and nine to be at low risk (low risk). We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place. One trial was funded by a Scottish government agency. No declarations of interest were made in two trials. The remaining two trials did not mention whether they were funded. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. We found no new trials in this update. The evidence is current to September 2015. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour. Women should be informed that admission CTGs are likely to increase the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices. The absence of benefit and likely harm associated with the admissionCTG will have relevance for countries where questions are being asked about the role of the CTG. Future studies should consider including women admitted with signs of labour and before a formal diagnosis of labour. This would include a cohort of women currently having CTGs and not included in current trials. One additional study is ongoing.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women with IVF or ICSI treatment (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve oocytes (15,230) in total. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each of the studies used different culture media. We found no evidence of a difference between the media used. Six studies reported the number of women who had a clinical pregnancy. One of these found that for cle-stage embryo transfer, the culture medium, Quinn's Advantage, had higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. This study did not report on the health of the women's children. None of them found any evidence that one medium was better than another. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported two pregnancies and six studies reported one miscarriage. Most studies did not describe their source of funding. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting and poor study methods. We conclude that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium.
The search strategies identified 2847 citations overall. A total of 30 citations appeared relevant but there were three duplicates which left 27 articles for further review. Of these, none met the criteria for the review. Data extraction and assessment of quality was not possible. The review question remains unanswered. The authors have considered the reasons for the lack of research studies in this area. The design of research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1006 participants. These studies compared psychological interventions with placebo or no treatment. The evidence is current to September 2013. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the Netherlands. The interventions included a range of psychological interventions, including cognitive-behavioural interventions, relaxation techniques and hypnotherapy. We found that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain up to three months after the intervention, which was associated with a reduction in chest pain frequency up to one year. There were no differences in the severity of the chest pain between the intervention and control groups. The quality of the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. The included studies were generally of poor quality. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high risk of performance bias. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, the results of individual studies were not consistent and caution is required in interpreting these results. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to interpret the findings from studies. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions in NSCP, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioral framework, which is largely restricted to the first period of the intervention (three months after treatment). However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The following drugs were evaluated in at least one RCT. The trials evaluated the effects of antihistamines, mast cell stabilisers, or both. We found some evidence to support the use of these drugs in the short term. There were no reported serious side effects. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable. Overall the risk of bias was low.
We found two studies that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The two included studies were based in Native American populations. One study was conducted in the community of Wounded Knee and the other in the skills-only group. Both studies were of good quality. The results of the two studies did not show a difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up. No difference was found between the skills community group and the control group. For smokeless tobacco use, there was no difference at 42 weeks. However, the second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test. This was not maintained at six month follow up. We rated both studies as being at high or unclear risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was low or unclear for all outcomes. This review highlights the need for more research in this area. There is a lack of evidence on the effectiveness of interventions designed to prevent tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. This plain language summary was written by a consumer, Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Smoking.
We found one randomised controlled trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the outcomes and the results were imprecise. The study reported no maternal deaths. The included trial reported no clear differences in the number of maternal deaths (deaths of the mother, baby or both) or markers of severe maternal illness (e.g. heart failure, acute chest syndrome) between the treatment groups. Low-quality evidence indicated that there was no clear difference in the risk of pain crisis, acute splenic sequestration (sealing of the veins), haemolytic crises (blood loss) or delayed blood transfusion reaction between the groups. Evidence from one small trial of very low quality suggests that prophylactic blood transfusions are no better or worse than giving blood from the mother's own blood. Other relevant outcomes pre-specified for this review were not reported by the trial. There is no evidence to support the use of blood transfused from the woman’s own blood for the prevention of bleeding in the womb. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. Currently, there is no clear evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the best way to give blood to pregnant women with HbSC. The available data and evidence on this subject are not enough to advocate for a change in the current practice and policy.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias. The evidence is current to September 2016. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion (proportion) was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central blood pressure group (low-quality evidence). In addition, it should be noted that the sample size was small and the risk of harm was wide, and we cannot be certain that one method of liver resection is better than another. Among the secondary outcomes, there were no differences between the two groups of participants. The only differences we found were in the proportion of participants requiring blood transfusions, blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. There is no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resecting is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or red blood cell transfusion requirements (very low quality evidence). The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The main limitations of this review were the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants in the trials, which means that the results may not be reliable. Also, the lack of data meant that we could not assess transitivity assumptions and inconsistency for most analyses.
The review of trials found that the best treatment for PPP is difficult to identify. Many different treatments were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (44%), oral PUVA (44%) and ointment (44%). However, a combination of PUVA and PUVA may be better than the individual treatments. The use of steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. Low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics, and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective. There was no clear evidence to suggest that short-term use of hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) was effective. This review has shown that PPP remains elusive and that there is a need for standardised methods of assessment.
We found nine trials that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs within the loop diuretics class. These drugs were: furosemide (40 mg to 60 mg), cicletanine (100 mg to 150 mg), piretanide (3 mg to 6 mg) and etozolin (2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg). The trials lasted from 8.8 weeks to 2.5 years. The trials were conducted in 460 people with a mean blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of the drugs was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mm Hg/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2.8) mmHG. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. We graded the quality of evidence for the blood-pressure lowering effect as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias. We found no clinically meaningful differences between different drugs in blood pressure lowering effects. The dose-ranging effects of these drugs could not be evaluated. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects.
We found 58 randomised clinical trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants were included. These trials compared local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) with control (1291 participants). Most trials included only people who were low anaesthetic risk. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths. One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness (four trials; 446 participants). There were no deaths in the other eight trials. There were differences in the type of local anaesthesia used, the location (subdiaphragmatic, gallbladder bed, or both), and the timing of the procedure (before or after) between the trials. Three trials (190 participants), which did not report the overall morbidity, reported that there were no complications. Twenty trials reported no serious adverse events. None of the trials reported the quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain score as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) was lower in the group that had local anaesthetics at four to eight hours than in the control group. The number of participants who were discharged as day surgery was imprecise. The quality of evidence for all outcomes was low or very low. This means that the true effect of the intervention may be very different from what we have found. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces the pain of people who have had elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. The size of the effect is likely to be small and the effect of this effect is uncertain. More trials are needed. Such trials should include outcomes that are important to people, such as the time taken for people to return home from the hospital and the time that people take to return to their normal activities.
We found 74 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the sensitivity of RDTs for malaria. We grouped the studies according to the antigens they detected. Types 1 to 3 included the HRP-2 antigen (from P. falciparum) either by itself or with other antigins. Types 4 and 5 included the pLDH antibody-based test (pLDH) (both from P. malaria and from pL) both by itself and with other antibodies. We found that the sensitivity and specificity of all RDT tests was such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated people with malaria. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have malaria, then the number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be in the range of 34 out of 1000 with Type 1 tests, and nine out of 100 with Type 2 tests. If the point estimate for Type 5 tests is applied to 100 patients, the number of wrongly diagnosed people would be 98 out of 10. This means that if 30% of people presenting with malaria have malaria with symptoms that 30 of them will be wrongly diagnosed with malaria that has not been confirmed with a RDT test. The quality of the studies was poor, but the results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. Overall, RCTs were more sensitive and were less specific than other tests, but there was no difference between them. but the differences were small.
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the length of consultation time for each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by government agencies. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low. Most studies had a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. We are uncertain whether changing the duration of primary care doctor's visits increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute the practice of changing the time doctors spend with patients. It is possible that this may change if more studies are published.
The review identified only three small trials that evaluated the effects of high dose and low dose stavudine. All three trials were from developed countries and none reported from developing countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. More than 79% of participants were male. The studies were at high risk of bias due to the way in which they were conducted. There was no clear difference in the effect of low dose and high dose of the drug. Symptomatic low-actatemia was seen in the high dose arm of one study. However, this was not reported in the two other studies. The trials did not show a clear advantage in virologic suppression between the two groups. The high dose group showed a reduction in bone mineral density, reduction in limb fat, and an increase in triglycerides (a fat in the blood). The studies did not indicate that any participants stopped treatment due to adverse events. This review did not find clear evidence that there was an advantage in the use of high-dose or low-dose of stavUDine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were ART experienced and had sustained viral suppression and so the results should not be generalized to patients who are not ART naive. It was not possible to perform a meta-analysis on these trails. Individual results from these trials were imprecise.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (1658 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. Six of the 10 trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy. Five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in the risk of death in the intensive care unit (ICU) and five trials (1450 participants) did not show a difference in 28-day or hospital deaths. We found no difference in the number of people who died in hospital. We also found no evidence of an effect on risk of a brain injury (barotrauma). We downgraded the quality of the evidence from high to low, as most of the included trials had co-interventions that could have influenced the results.
We included 15 studies, involving 687 participants, in the review. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report any difference between treatment and control. The use of asthma medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy. Four studies (150 patients) did not show a significant difference in lung function or quality of life between the two groups. Two studies (48 patients) showed a positive effect following CBT. Two other studies (51 patients) found that bio-feedback therapy improved peak flow data in favour of CBT but there was no significant difference between CBT and biofeedback. There was no difference in depression levels between the groups. This review was not able to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma, due to the lack of evidence. This may have been due to different types of interventions used and the poor study design. Larger and well-conducted trials are needed in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma in adults.
The evidence in this review is up-to-date as of September 2014. We included 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall (of which 5365 in the arms of interest (antidepressant and benzodiazepines as monotherapy) were included in the present review; however, since studies addressed many different comparisons, only a few trials provided data for primary outcomes. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference in response rate between antidepressants (two studies, 215 participants) and benzoidiazepines (seven studies, 1449 participants). We found some evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs (when looking at the number of patients experiencing adverse effects). We failed to find clinically significant differences between individual benzodiazines. The majority of studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. Information on adverse effects was very limited. The present review highlights the need for further higher-quality studies comparing antidepressants with benzodaziazepines, which should be conducted with high-methodological standards and including pragmatic outcome measures to provide clinicians with useful and practical data. Data on long-term tolerability issues associated with antidepressants and benzidiazepines exposure should also be carefully considered. In general, based on the results of the current review, we suggest that the possible role of antidepressants and the possible use of antidepressants in panic disorder should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice of which antidepressant and/or Benzodiazepine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of both efficacy and tolerability, including data from placebo-controlled studies, as a whole. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall comple
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants, were included. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day deaths with plastic stent. Endoscopic stenting with surgical stents was linked with a reduced risk of complications. However, there was a higher risk of recurrence prior to death with surgery. Nine studies compared metal stents with plastic or polyethylene (plastic) stents. Metal stents were linked with fewer complications. There were no differences in risk of technical failure (failure of the stent to work properly) or therapeutic failure (complete failure) between the groups. One study compared metal to surgery and found lower costs and better quality of life for the metal stent group. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials with 444 arterial cannulations in children. Four studies compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and one with Doppler auditory assistance. Risk of bias varied across the studies. Some studies were not able to blind practitioners in all of the studies; this adds a bias that is inherent to the type of guidance studied in our review. We found evidence that ultrasound guidance improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications. Our results suggest that the first attempt success rate may be more pronounced in infants and small children, who are more likely to have arterial line cannulation problems than in older children. We did not find evidence that there was a difference in the success rate at first attempt between the two types of guidance. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate. This means that the true effect of ultrasound guidance may be quite different from what we found.
We found one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants from the Netherlands) and three ITS studies (three ITS studies in general population studies conducted in Canadian studies in the 1970s and 80s). One of the RCT found that young men exposed to a low-alcohol content drink less than men in the control group. Two of the ITS studies evaluated the effect of a ban on advertising. The results from these studies were inconsistent. One study found that people who were exposed to ads for alcohol drank less than people exposed to adverts for other products. In the other two ITS studies, people were given a choice between a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising (total or partial) or a partial ban on only spirits advertising. These studies found that the total amount of alcohol sold in the general population increased by 1.10% in the two studies that evaluated the full ban. There was no difference in the number of people who drank more alcohol after the ban compared with people who did not drink at all. The quality of the evidence was very low, meaning that we have very little confidence in the results. There is a lack of robust evidence for or against introducing alcohol advertising restrictions. There should be more research in this area.
The review of trials found no evidence of a difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth and development. There was conflicting data (two studies) as to how well infants were able to drink the formula. There is no evidence that MCT is better than LCT in terms of long-term weight gain, or that NEC is more common. The review found no clear evidence that high and low MCT formulas are better than each other in the short term.
We found one small trial (with data from 34 women) that compared amnioinfusion with no treatment. The trial was at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding. There was no clear difference in the incidence of neonatal infection. The study did not report on perinatal death or severe morbidity (such as neonatal haemorrhage, admission to intensive care). The rate of caesarean section was the same in both groups. The women in the amniotic fluid group had a lower temperature at the time of birth compared to the control group, but we did not have enough data to be certain of this effect. We did not find any trials that used transabdominal (through the cervix) amnion. The evidence in this review can neither support nor refute the use of amniospinal fluids for the treatment of chorioamnionitis. The numbers included in the trial were too small for us to be able to fully assess the effects of this treatment. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low, because of the small numbers of women and the lack of blinding.
We found three studies that met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. The studies varied in terms of the sensitivity of the Mini-Cog and the diagnostic test accuracy. All three studies were of poor quality. We were unable to pool the results of the studies as there were too few studies and there were problems with the way the studies were conducted. There is a need for more studies to be done in this area.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg) and lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/D to 70 mg) (two studies) (one study). These studies enrolled 2521 people with ADHD. Most were middle-aged Caucasian males (57.2%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included other drugs (e.g. guanfacine or modafinil) as an active comparator. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'risk of bias' tool, mainly because we found no evidence that amphetamine treatment improved ADHD symptom severity, but also because we could not rule out a carry-over effect in studies that used cross-over design. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. This means that we have little confidence in the results. Amphetamines were found to be efficacious in reducing ADHD symptoms by clinicians, and by patients. However, we found low-quality evidence that they did not improve retention in treatment. Side effects were more common in people treated with dexamphetamine. We also found no difference between dexamphetamine and MAS. We did not find differences between the type of drug-release formulations. We assessed the quality of evidence to be low or very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 811 participants. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were studied, the dose of vitamin D, the co-interventions, and the outcomes measured. Only two of the studies reported pain scores. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was better than placebo (dummy treatment). Adverse events and withdrawals from the studies were relatively infrequent. The evidence was of low quality. Based on this evidence, we conclude that there is no consistent evidence that the use of vitamins D for chronic pain is effective.
Forty-one studies were included involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. Twenty-seven studies were RCTs, 12 were CBAs and two were ITS. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine they were aimed at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies they were both. In 15 studies patient education was added to both the professional and organisational interventions. The studies were diverse in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. The quality of these studies was often poor. The review of studies found that professional interventions can improve the health of people with diabetes. Multifaceted professional interventions, such as reminders to patients, reminders to doctors and nurses, or reminders to the patient, can improve health outcomes. In addition, nurses can play an important role in patient-oriented interventions, through patient education or helping patients to follow-up.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the following methods of birth control. The trials included a total of 1503 women. Two trials compared the LNG-IUS versus the combined birth control pill, one comparing the COC versus the IUD, and the other comparing the T380A intrauterine device (IUD) with the copper t380A. In two of the trials, the study arms did not differ much in terms of contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for the two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher rate of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons', which may have little relevance in the clinic. In the trial comparing two different birth control methods, the two groups did not seem to differ in effectiveness. In another study, continuation of the birth control pills for the IUS was at least as high as that for the combined COC. In three trials that examined different LNG, there were at least 75% continued use rates at 6 to 36 months. The current evidence was insufficient to compare the efficacy and continuation rates for different methods. Limitations were due to poor trial design or limited reporting. Overall, we rated the quality of the evidence as moderate to low. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
The review of trials found that allergen immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and medication, and improves bronchial hyper-reactivity. There was no consistent effect on lung function. One trial found that the size of the benefit may be comparable to inhaled steroids.
We did not find any new studies in this update. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk. Mortality was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation at day 28; hospital mortality was reduced with a RR of 0.80 (95% CI 0.69 to 0.92). The effects on long-term mortality are unknown. Overall mortality was not different if a plateau pressure of 31 cm H2O was used. There was no difference in the risk of death between the two groups. The results of the trials were not consistent. The trials were too different from each other to be able to pool their results. There is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effects of lung protection in acute lung injury.
We included 15 studies with 1833 participants in this review. We found that isoflurane delayed emergence from anaesthesia compared with propofol. The time taken for a patient to follow verbal commands was longer with sevofrurane than with prop ofol. There was no difference in the risk of shivering. The risk of adverse events with both techniques is comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. The main limitations of this review are that there were few studies and they were of poor quality. More studies are needed to confirm the benefits and harms of intravenous and inhalation techniques. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization (e.g. blinding) and trials should be adequately powered.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients. Average age of patients was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined results of the four trials reporting the incidence of dementia did not indicate a benefit from treatment. There was no convincing evidence from the trials that blood pressure lowering in late life prevents the development of dementia. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the trials. There were significant problems with the way the trials were conducted. In most cases the study became a comparison between the study drug and a usual drug regimen. This introduced bias. More robust results may be obtained by combining data from individual patient data.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA/PTCA in re-stenosis is unclear. Compared to angioplasty alone, there was no significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events. However, there were more risks of vascular spasm, perforation (hole in the stent) and transient blockage of the vessel. There was no difference in the rate of re-stents re-formed in patients with complex lesions. In patients with more complex lesions, the results were not consistent. There were no long-term data to support routine use of the procedure. In certain cases (e.g. those who are unable for cardiac surgery, or those with architecturally complex lesions), or those who fail PTCA, PTCR may be beneficial. There is not enough evidence to support its use in routine use. The quality of the evidence was unclear. The overall risk of bias was unclear for most of the articles due to lack of reported data. The authors assessed that this would be unlikely to have an impact on the results of the trials as most data outcomes were objective.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials with a total of 333 participants. Two of these studies were multicentre studies, comprising only participants who had bronchiolitis. The other study was from Italy. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase when given as a daily or twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebuliser, steroids, supplemental oxygen, tube feeding, nasal washing, and antibiotics. There was no difference in the length of hospital stay or clinical scores between the two groups. In one study, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had severe atelectasis. Two patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after treatment. The results of this review did not support the use of nebulaise in children under 24 months of age who have acute lung disease. In these patients, the treatment did not shorten the length or improve clinical outcomes. It might have a role in severe bronchioitis, but further studies would need to be performed. Adverse events were reported in both treatment groups. These included temporary desaturation, temporary cough, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea (poor breath) and bad taste.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation (randomising participants to one of two treatment groups) or pre-selected outcomes. The second study had few sources of bias and good methodology. We found no significant difference in short-term deaths between groups. Only one death occurred overall, with only one death in the group treated by the percutaneous approach. There was no difference in the number of major complications between the two groups. There were no wound infections in either group. The length of the aneurysm exclusion process was not reported in either study. The number of long-term complications at six months did not differ between the groups. The time taken to perform the operation was similar in both groups. However, the length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ITU) and hospital stay did not change between groups, and there was a difference in surgery time. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. We downgraded the quality because we found only a small number of studies, low event numbers, and imprecision. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2018. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, but discontinuation rates for discomfort differed in two trials. No new trials have been found since the initial review.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review. Six of which were included. Three studies investigated the prevention of cognitive deficits, and three studies investigated treatment for cognitive deficits. Two studies looked at the use of drugs to prevent cognitive deficits (memantine and d-threo- methylphenidate). One study investigated a rehabilitation program. The third study looked at a drug to treat cognitive deficits but did not find a difference between groups. There was no strong evidence to support any non-drug interventions (drugs or behavioural interventions) in the prevention or treatment of cognitive problems. There were a number of problems with the design and conduct of the studies. The quality of the evidence was not high. More research is needed.
We found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment for patients with iatrogenic nerve injury. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies were at high risk of bias, and included 26 participants. One study was funded by the manufacturer of the laser treatment device, and the other study was supported by a university research grant. The evidence is current to September 2014. Both trials investigated the effects of low level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on the severity of nerve injury in patients with inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of injury to the nerve. The results of the two studies were imprecise, and there was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas. However, the results of this study were inconclusive. No studies reported on pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. No study reported on quality of life or adverse events. The overall quality of the evidence was very low due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies and the imprecision of the results. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of nerve injuries caused by damaged nerves. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological differences in terms of how they were conducted. One trial (161 pregnancies) was based on women who had a history of diabetes. It showed no difference between the combined oestrogen and progestogen group and the no treatment group in the rate of miscarriage. The second study (based on pregnant women with IVF) showed that there was no difference in the rates of miscarriage in the two treatment groups. The study did not report on the other primary outcomes (perinatal death and preterm birth). There is an insufficient evidence from trials to assess the use of oestrogens or progestogens to prevent miscarriages. We strongly recommend more research in this area.
The review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks.
We found nine studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo (a pretend drug) or other active comparators (placebo). The studies included 4373 participants, 5223 of whom had a migraine headache. The studies were of short duration (2-hour) and involved people with mild to moderate pain. About half of the studies were funded by the manufacturer of the drug. The higher dose of 400 mg was better than 200 mg, but the lower dose was better for pain relief. About the same number of people reported side effects, which were mostly mild and transient. Soluble formulations of 200 mg were better than tablets, but not 2-hour headache relief. We found no new studies for this update. The results of this review are up to date as of April 2014. Ibuproen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. NNTs for all efficacy outcomes were better with 400 mg than with placebo, and soluble formulations provided more rapid relief. Adverse events occurred at the same rate as with placebo.
We identified 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants) with dry eye. We found that, in general, there was uncertainty about whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of dry eye signs and symptoms. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% and 1.4% OTC polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye in two trials (175 participants). However, we also found that all other included artificial tears had contradictory results or found no difference between the two groups. Our review found that OTC tears may be generally safe, but not without side effects. The quality of the evidence was low due to high risks of bias in the design of the included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures. We also identified 18 additional studies that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no reported results or publications. These studies enrolled 2079 participants, for whom no data were reported. Such lack of reporting of trial results is a high risk of bias.
The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends second-line treatment for people with HIV who fail first-line therapy. There is limited evidence to evaluate the effects on virological outcome in patients with HIV. One randomised trial in 136 patients studied whether or not lamivudine is maintained as the first line drug of treatment. There was no difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression in the group who maintained lamivuxine. Two other small observational studies also did not show a difference in viral suppression between the groups. There were no trials that compared boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations with standard treatment in patients starting ART. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that the short-term response on boosted PIs is encouraging. However, there are no studies that directly compare PIs to standard treatment. Current recommendations are based on patient- and public-health-level considerations. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies. We also evaluated 69 other predefined tests, and 32 non-prespecified tests. We found six studies that tested the Mallampati test, 105 studies that assessed the Wilson risk score, and 34 studies testing the upper lip bite test. The studies were of good quality. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for each of the different domains. We mostly found low risk bias for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk-bias for reference test and index test. Across all studies, we judged there to be low risk of systematic error. We were able to combine the results from 92 studies, and we found that the tests were more accurate than the other tests for identifying people who needed to be intubated. However, we were unable to combine results from 50 studies. The tests were too different to be combined. For difficult face mask breathing, we could only estimate summary sensitivity (0.17, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.39) for the reference standard test. We could not estimate summary specificity (0% CI 1.82 to 0%). For difficult tracheal intubation, we only estimated summary sensitivity of 0.24 (95%CI 0.12 to 0). For thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance and 34 for the mouth opening test, the tests provided the highest sensitivity. For the tests for diagnosing difficult laryngoscopy, we did not have enough data to be able to draw any conclusions. The modified Mallampatis test was the most accurate test for identifying difficult face masks, but it was not as accurate as the other three tests. For other tests, we found no difference in accuracy between the different tests. In conclusion, we concluded that bedside airway examination tests should be interpreted with caution, as they do not appear
The review found that probiotics reduced the duration of diarrhoea and the frequency of stools in children and young children. Probiotics appear to be safe. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotics in specific patient groups. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings, and also varied greatly in the organisms tested, dosage, and participants. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotics.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care care alone. This study included 52 participants. The duration of the study was 18 months. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and the medium term (between six and 12 months) effects of this newly-formulated therapy. The results of the single study showed that people receiving the new standard care were more likely to be engaged in social functioning in the short term, but the results did not show a difference between the treatment group and the control group. Results of people leaving the study early were also favoured by the intervention group. However, again, the results of this study did not provide a clear answer to this question. The adverse effects/events of death were measured by 12 months, and again, there was a clear benefit for the intervention. Skewed results were available for the mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of the new form of care. Further research is needed. Until such research is done, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it as an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of treatment to pregabalin (150, 300, 450 or 600 mg daily) or placebo (a pretend treatment). The studies lasted 8 to 13 weeks. No studies included active comparators. The evidence is current to September 2016. Pregabalin 300 to 600 mg produces a major reduction in pain intensity over 12 to 26 weeks with tolerable side effects for a small proportion of people (about 10% more than placebo) with moderate or severe pain due to fibromyalgia. The degree of pain relief is known to be accompanied by improvements in other symptoms, quality of life, and function. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced side effects, in particular dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema, with number needed to harm of 3.7, 7.4, 18, and 19 respectively for all doses combined. Serious side effects did not differ between active treatment groups and placebo (very low quality evidence). Withdrawals due to side effects were about 10% higher with pregapalin than placebo, but withdrawals due to lack of efficacy were about 6% lower. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the MTR outcome, similar to the result from studies of classic design. MTR had no imputation concerns. Of those randomised, 40% had MTR without withdrawal (high quality evidence), compared to 20% with placebo (high-quality evidence). The NNT was 5, but normalised to the starting population tested it was 12.
We found one randomised controlled trial involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term. The trial compared magnesium sulphate with placebo (a pretend drug). The trial did not report any of this review's main outcomes. There was no significant difference in Apgar score (a measure of the baby's health) at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth, between the groups. There were more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed). However, there was no difference in adverse events severe enough to stop treatment. The review found no differences seen between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage, caesarean section, or bleeding at birth. There is not enough evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of this drug in protecting the brain of the preterm baby.
The review of trials found that smoking cessation interventions targeted at Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However, this evidence base is not strong. There is a need for more rigorous research in this area. This review highlights the paucity of evidence to evaluate the effectiveness of these interventions. Due to this lack of published studies, the external validity of this review is limited.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. All studies reported some type of hospital mortality. We considered studies of high risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for the analysis. We found that PAC did not change the number of deaths or the length of stay in the ICU or ICU. We also found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of time to death, length of hospital stay, or cost. We did not find that PAC had an effect on the use of shock reversal, organ function and vasopressor use. Four studies, conducted in the US, reported costs. Two of these studies did not show a difference in the cost of care. The quality of the studies was high for deaths and LOS, but low for cost analysis.
Six studies (n = 478) of variable quality were included. A composite outcome of Infant Pain Scale (NIPS) was reported in 288 infants, who did not receive a sweet-tasting solution. The NNT was 0.76, the mean difference was 1.00 and the median was 2.52. When a sweet tasting solution was provided, the NNT remained significant, but the average reduction in the number of skin punctures was 2 (95% confidence interval (CI) 2 to 4). Cry characteristics favoured the venepuncture group but the differences were reduced by the provision of sweet tasting solutions prior to either procedure. Venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet taste solution further reduces the pain. Further well designed randomised controlled trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedures. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced (wound) and/or infected episiotomy wound. The evidence is current to September 2013. One small study reported on wound healing at less than four weeks, although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia (a secondary outcome measure for this review) at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between both groups; two months, (RR 0.44 and CI 0.18 to 1.11, one trial, 26 women) and six-month, respectively. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months (RR 1.78 and CI 1.10 to 2.89, one small study, 35 women). Significantly more women in the secondary sutured group had resumed intercourse two months later, although by six months there was no difference between the two groups. Neither of the trials included data in relation to the following prespecified secondary outcome measures: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineal wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or refute the use of second-stage suturing for the management of broken down wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We found 18 studies involving 2521 participants. Most Chinese medicinal herbs showed similar effects to antiviral drugs in reducing flu-like symptoms. However, the quality of these studies was poor. There were no clear differences between the different medicinal herbs in terms of side effects. Most of the studies reported mild side effects, such as nausea and vomiting. No obvious side effects were reported. The quality of the evidence was weak. More studies with larger numbers of people are needed.
We identified 8 randomised controlled trials with a total of 558 participants. These trials compared the use of thrombolytic agents (drugs that reduce blood clots) with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment in people with HD catheter dysfunction. The evidence is current to May 2015. The trials compared thrombos to placebo, no treatment, fibrin sheath stripping or exchange with and without angioplasty sheath disruption, or over-the-wire catheter exchange. No two studies compared the same interventions. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have a high-risk of bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement, which means that their results may not be reliable. Based on low certainty evidence, thrombotic therapy may restore catheter function when compared to placebo but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits, high risk-of bias and imprecision in the estimates of adverse events. There is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse effects. There was no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis-related adverse events or risk of side effects. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. The quality of the evidence is low.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). The addition of one or more drugs to the regimen showed an advantage for tumour response, but there was no difference in survival time or time to progression between the regimen and the control (the regimen alone). However, the addition of a drug did increase the risk of side effects, such as hair loss and nausea and vomiting, and leucopenia.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that patients discharged from a NLU are better prepared for discharge but it is not clear if this is a result of the length of inpatient stay. There is no evidence that there are adverse effects. More research is needed.
We found 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared ultrasound with another non-surgical treatment, and six compared ultrasound plus splinting, exercises, and splint with another treatment. The risk of bias was low in some studies, and high in others. There is not enough evidence to show that one type of ultrasound treatment is better than another. One study with 68 participants found that when compared with placebo (fake treatment), therapeutic ultrasound may result in short-term symptom improvement. However, there was a loss to follow-up and loss to adjust for the correlation between the severity of the symptoms between wrists in people with bilateral CTS. Another low quality study found that at three months post-treatment the chance of overall symptom improvement (patient satisfaction) was higher for people receiving ultrasound plus a splint, but this result was not statistically significant. Differences between groups receiving different levels of ultrasound, and between groups of people using ultrasound as part of a multi-component treatment versus other treatments for CTS, were small and did not affect symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters. No studies reported any side effects of ultrasound. More studies are needed to assess the safety of therapeutic ultrasound for people with CTS before firm conclusions can be made. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we cannot be certain that the results are reliable. More research is needed.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a drug that blocks blood vessels, which is a type of statin) and the other drugs in the statin group were clofibrate (which is a drug that prevents blood clots in the arteries) and conjugate (a hormone). We found no clear evidence that statins reduced the risk of stroke recurrence in people with a history of haemorrhagic stroke. However, statin therapy in patients with ischaemic stroke or TIA had a small benefit in preventing subsequent major heart attacks and deaths. There was no evidence of beneficial effect on risk of death or sudden death. Three statin trials showed a reduction in subsequent major vascular events. We conclude that statin treatment should be given to all patients with a recent stroke or has had a previous heart attack.
The aim of the review was to assess the effectiveness of these programmes in changing smoking behaviour. Eleven studies were included. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content of the campaigns, length of follow-up and methods of evaluation. Studies also differed in the types of smoking behaviour measures used. Among the seven campaigns reporting smoking, the largest were in the USA, which showed significant decreases in the number of people who smoked in the state of California. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found significant decreases. Of the eight studies that reported on smoking rates, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them, the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. The other three did not show significant decreases, but one showed a significant effect on smokers and ex-smokers combined. There is evidence that mass media campaigns can help to change smoking behaviour in adults, but the results come from a diverse group of studies. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed that up to eight years after the campaign. Another (California) showed positive results up to the end of the programme. Six of the nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed at least one significant change in smoking behaviour (Sydney). There is some evidence that these campaigns can change smoking behaviours. The intensity and duration of these campaigns may influence effectiveness, but there is a lack of evidence to support this. No consistent relationship was observed between the effectiveness and age, education, race, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. Seventeen studies that compared yoga with no therapy provided evidence that yoga can improve the quality of life and reduce tiredness and sleep disturbances. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, anxiety or fatigue. Yoga may be an alternative to other exercise programmes. Four studies comparing yoga with psychosocial/educational interventions provided moderate-quality evidence of yoga can reduce depression (four studies), anxiety (three studies) and fatigue (two studies). No studies reported safety-related data. Three studies that looked at yoga compared with exercise reported no short-term effects on health-related quality, fatigue or sleep disturbance. None of the studies reported any serious adverse events. Overall, we found that yoga might be as effective as other exercise interventions, and might be used as a substitute to other exercises. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. More research is needed.
We found one study that compared early post-operative brain imaging (within 48 hours) with no early brain imaging. This study included 125 people with glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent surgery to remove the tumour, followed by radiotherapy and temozolomide (a drug that is used to treat cancer). The study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested that there was little or no difference between early and no early (after 48 hours of surgery) brain imaging with respect to survival. There was also no difference in the number of deaths at one year or two years after diagnosis of GBM. We found no evidence on the effects of other imaging schedules. In addition, we found no relevant economic evaluations of the different imaging strategies. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2016.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured. There was no clear difference between the two drugs in terms of improvement. However, there was no difference in the number of people with parkinsonism. There were no data on the other key outcomes, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. The quality of the studies was very low. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades. Available evidence comparing this drug to metiapine is not of high quality. Further research is needed.
This review found that nitro-imidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and azathioprine were more effective than placebo for preventing Crohn's disease recurrence. The use of these agents was associated with a lower risk of recurrence, but a higher risk of serious side effects. There was not enough evidence to draw conclusions about the effects of infliximab (a drug that blocks the immune system's immune response), budesonide (drug), tenovil (drug) and interleukin-10. More research is needed to determine the best way to prevent post-operative relapse.
We included seven trials (825 participants) in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills (one study), twelve-step programme (1 study), brief intervention (three studies), brief interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing (one). Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. There was no difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes, alcohol use, or alcohol-related harm. The quality of evidence was low for the main outcomes. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high risk of bias. We found low to very low-quality evidence that there is no difference in effect between different types of interventions to reduce alcohol use among people who use illegal drugs. We also found that brief interventions are not superior to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions could be made because of the lack of data and the low quality of the studies.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these were from five unpublished studies. The trials compared quinine with placebo (20 trials, 1140 participants) or with vitamin E (four trials, 543 participants), theophylline (three trials, 510), vitamin E and the combination (one trial, 77), and xylocaine injections (two trials, 77) into the stomach muscle. We found no new trials when we searched for them in 2014. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised. However, only a minority described how they were carried out, and it is not clear if this was done well enough. The evidence is current to September 2014. Compared to placebo, quinines reduced cramp number over two weeks by 28%, cramp intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. Cramp duration was not significantly affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor side effects on quinsine than on placebo, mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. There was no significant difference in the number of major side effects. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in the blood vessels of the legs) on quinins. A quininine-vitamin E combination, vitamin E alone, and the use of xylocolaine injections into the gastrocnemius muscle were not significantly different to quinsins. Based on a single trial comparison, quinsinine alone was significantly less effective than a combination of quinsines and the theophynelline, but with no significant differences in adverse events. There is low or moderate quality evidence that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious adverse events is not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials, but because serious side effects can be rarely fatal, in some countries prescription of quinaine is severely restricted. Evidence from single trials suggests that theophyelline combined with quinsinus
We found seven randomised controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Six trials compared magnesium to a placebo (dummy pill) and one trial compared it to no treatment. Three trials enrolled pregnant women with cramps. Four trials enrolled people with cramp-related rest cramps, and the other four trials included people with muscle cramps due to idiopathic disease. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries. The evidence is current to September 2015. For idiopathy (cramps caused by nocturnal muscle weakness) cramps (largely older adults presumed to have noct nighttime leg cramps), differences in frequency of cramps were small, not statistically significant, and without heterogeneity (I2 = 0%). This includes the percentage change from baseline in the number of cramp per week at four weeks and the difference in the average number of a week (0.01 cramps/week). The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group (95% CI -28% to 12%, moderate quality evidence). Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found in measures of intensity (moderate quality evidence) or cramp duration (low quality evidence), and the single trial comparing magnesium to no intervention failed to find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials comparing magnesium versus placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the number or number of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramp. In contrast, for those experiencing pregnancy-associated rest cramp the literature
We included one study that compared a six-month home-based, combined muscle strength and exercise training program with usual care. The study included 14 people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. Most of the people in the study were able to walk at the start of the study. The participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of them did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The training group had better walking distance than the usual care group (9.4 m) at six months. The change in walking distance was not different from the change in usual care, which was 0.14 m in the strength training group. The strength training program did not improve lung function, but it improved muscle strength. The results of this study did not show that exercise training had an effect on fatigue. The certainty of the evidence was very low, which means that we cannot be certain of the results. We need well-designed studies that are of high quality. These studies need to be conducted in a way that ensures that the results are not biased.
We found two small trials with a total of 149 participants. One trial (81 patients with cervical spondylotic radiculopathy) found that surgery may provide pain relief faster in the short-term than physiotherapy or immobilization. There was no difference in the long-term for pain, weakness, or sensory loss. The other trial (68 patients with mild myelopathy) did not find a difference between surgery and conservative treatment in three years. Both trials were of poor quality and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery on the outcomes of myelitis or radicula. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the results and our confidence in them.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care, four by a doctor, one by a nurse and three by a clinic clerk. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found an increase in return consultations. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. In seven studies there was no difference between the groups in terms of visits to the emergency department. Two studies reported deaths and found no difference in deaths between nurse telephone triage and normal care. Three studies looked at the number of contacts made by health care workers. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the need for GP's to make out-of-hours phone calls and the amount of time doctors spend on the phone. However, questions remain about its effects on service use. Further rigorous evaluation is needed with emphasis on the use of service, safety, cost and patient satisfaction.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and in different settings. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for most outcomes.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We considered most studies to be of low quality owing to these issues. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training (e.g. video or audio), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (a DVD, computer app or game) and feedback devices. We found that enhanced inhaler technique education and multi- media training improved the technique of people with asthma in most studies, although this was difficult to assess reliably. For both adults and children, how and when people's technique was assessed (how often and for how long) seemed to affect whether they had improved, and how much. We also looked at the number of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique, which was more useful than the checklist scores. People who were given enhanced inhalers showed some benefit when this score was used at 2 to 26 weeks' follow up. However, this result was not consistent for adults or children. The quality of evidence was low to moderate for adults and for children. This was mainly due to the small number of studies and participants, and because of the variety of ways that the studies were carried out.
We found three small trials, involving 226 participants, that compared mannitol with placebo in people with acute ischaemic stroke. One trial included patients who had not had a stroke, and the other two trials included people with a stroke that had been confirmed by a CT scan. None of the trials reported death and dependency. The trials did, however, report adverse events, which were either not found or not reported. There was no difference in the number of deaths between the two groups in the ICH trial. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials, and there was no significant difference between the groups in terms of worsening or not improving. Based on these three trials, we could not prove the beneficial or harmful effects of mannitor in acute stroke patients.
Six trials were identified, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was seen for the three dose range and for most outcome measures including: tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. The difference for ESR was 10.6 mm/hr. The results of the higher dose group were similar. Total withdrawals were significantly higher in the moderate and high dose groups, mostly due to adverse reactions. Its effects on long-term disease status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
We found four relevant trials. All of these studies were of low quality. All studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients with nausea & vomiting when decoctions of Huangqi compound were given in addition to their chemotherapy. The proportion of leucopenia (low white blood cells) was decreased, but the results were not robust. There were also no significant effects on the number of patients who had Immunoglobulins G, A or M. Despite these results, we found no evidence of harm. We need more high quality studies to determine the effects of the use of Chinese herbs in the treatment of cancer.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated vitamin A, DHA, or both. The trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial compared DHA and vitamin A with vitamin A. None of the RCTs had protocols for random allocation, so we were not able to pool the results of these three trials. The three trials did not report the primary outcome, mean change of visual field, at one year. No trial reported on the progression of vision loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported changes in the ERG amplitudes, but these results have not been replicated or found to be relevant in any of the other trials. Based on these results, there is no clear evidence to support the use of vitamins A and/or DHA for people with RP, in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG Amplitudes, and the change in vision at five years. In future trials, since some of the studies in this review included an unplanned subgroup analysis, which suggested that there may be differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, we suggest examining this issue. Future trials should take into account these changes observed in ERGs and other outcomes, in addition to the previous cohort studies, to ensure that there is enough power to detect a difference between treatment arms.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 participants. The majority of participants had inflammatory arthritis. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work function in several ways: firstly, by evaluating work changes or adapting to work changes, and secondly, by providing any person-directed interventions, such as counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the workplace were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician (one). The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two short 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, to six to eight individual or group sessions (also one trial). All participants had been recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. We included three RCTs with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. We found very low quality evidence that job loss prevention interventions had an effect on job loss (n = two RCT; 382 participants), work absenteement (n > 32 participants) and work function (n < 1.0 points) in the three trials. We assessed the two smaller trials as having a high risk of bias, while the large trial had a low risk. The two larger trials showed large reductions in job loss, and the other RCT reported the same effects in both groups. The latter one, however, was probably biased because of the way it was carried out. The one small trial investigating sick absence found uncertain results. In the same small trial, there was a moderate improvement in work functioning at six months. We judged the quality of evidence to be very low. The quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach.
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 infants (140 received arginine) from three countries. We assessed the quality of evidence as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC (any stage) among preterm newborns in the group of infants who were given a placebo (sugar pill) compared with the placebo group. We also found that the number needed to treat for an extra beneficial outcome (NNTB) was 6 (95% CI 4 to 10). The number of infants with NEC stage 1 (stage 2) was 52% in the control group and 89% (95%) in the arginin-treated group. Results showed that the risk of death due to any cause was not different between the groups. We found no significant side effects directly attributable to the use of the drug. Follow-up data from one trial showed no differences in adverse outcomes at 36 months. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitations of the present findings are a relatively small sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials, which included 285 infants, the data are insufficient to support a practice recommendation.
We found four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double blind and studied INCS versus placebo (a fake drug) or no treatment. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from three trials included in the meta-analysis, we found that people taking INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in their symptoms than those taking placebo. Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms. In addition, mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg was found to be the most effective dose for INCS. No significant side effects were reported. There was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates between the two treatment groups. Current evidence is limited for people with acute sores that were confirmed by radiology or endoscopy. Clinicians should be aware that INCS can cause serious side effects.
The review of trials found that prophylactic vancomycin in low doses reduces the risk of sepsis in the newborn. However, there was no difference between the two groups in terms of death, length of stay, or adverse effects. The methodologies of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of blood culture growth in the treated groups, as the blood cultures may have failed to grow in the infusate. There was not enough evidence to ascertain the risks of development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials.
The review of trials found that a plaster cast applied to a stump accelerated wound healing. There were no differences in wound healing for other dressing comparisons. There was a single trial of aloe vera supplementation vs gauze, which suggests that the wound healed more slowly with aloe vinca. The results of this trial are un interpretable since there was a large loss to follow up. A plaster cast was found to be cheaper than gauze but the use of gauze is associated with more nursing time. Foam is best studied as an alternative dressings for gauze. The review found only small trials; the evidence is insufficient to show whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds by second-wound healing.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that included 1482 women. Four trials examined oral contraceptives (COCs) and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine (LNG-IUS). We also found two trials of pills (POPs) with progestin only pills (two) and two trials with an implant (one) that contained the hormone etonogestrel. Most of the trials did not show any significant difference between groups in breast milk volume, breast milk composition, or infant growth. Two of eight trials showed a negative effect on lactation. Another trial showed a lower percentage of women in the LNG group who were breastfed at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group, but no difference at one year. One trial did not quantify results. Two other studies showed lower volume of breast milk for the COC group than the placebo group. The other showed lower means (mL) of milk at 16 weeks and 24 weeks. One study did not report any difference between the groups. One showed greater weight gain in one group of three trials. Of four other trials that looked at infant growth, three showed no differences between groups. The quality of evidence was low for three of four placebo-controlled trials. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. We found six trials with moderate quality evidence. The results were not consistent across the 11 trials.
We included 10 studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA. We grouped them according to the extent that they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. Most of the studies did not adjust for RTM or spillover, which could affect their accuracy. We found that red-light cameras reduce total casualty crashes. However, the evidence is less clear on the types of crashes, crashes caused by specific types of collision, and red- light violations. The quality of the included studies was low to very low. More research is needed.
The review authors identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of patients who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 by day five. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin-nomogram for patients with VTE. The other three studies, consisting of both inpatients and outpatients, showed no difference. No difference was observed in the number of patients with major bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in the length of time spent in the hospital. In patients with acute blood clots (DVT or PE) 18 years or older, there was considerable certainty surrounding the use of a 5-mg or 10- mg loading dose for initiation of warfarins. Heterogeneity among the four studies, mainly due to differences in types of patients and length of follow-up, limits certainty in the results.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants in this review. Three trials compared models of enhanced care with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model at home and in the hospital with the usual care. One trial compared geriatrician-led care with usual care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the trials included people with dementia, so the data included in the review were from people with either dementia or cognitive impairment. The trials were small and of low quality. We considered all the trials to have a high risk of bias. This means that the results may not be reliable. There were no data from the trials for our primary outcome of health-related quality-life. There was low-certainty that enhanced care and rehabilitation in-hospital may help to reduce the risk of delirium after hip fracture. However, there was no evidence that this was associated with a lower rate of other complications. We found some evidence that, compared to usual care, geriatricians may reduce the length of stay in hospital. The certainty of these results is low. We rated the certainty as low or very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018.
We found seven studies with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; two studies reported that there was a reduction in the length of hospital stay, while one study showed no difference in the hospital readmission rate. Home care was reported to be more costly for service providers. However, this was reported in two studies. Three studies reported an increase in parental satisfaction with home-based care. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported. By contrast, one study each reported no change in parental burden of care, or on functional status of the children. In summary, there is no evidence that home care reduces access to hospital services, but there is some evidence that there is a small decrease in hospital stay. Further research is needed to assess the effects of home care for children with acute and chronic illness. Future research should measure health, satisfaction and costs.
We found 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing ICM with standard care and ICM versus non-ICM. We found data relevant to two comparisons. 1. Compared to standard care, ICM may make little or no difference in reducing the average number of days spent in hospital per month, the number of people leaving the trial early, or the risk of death by suicide. 2. ICM compared with non- ICM, we found moderate-quality evidence that ICM probably does not make a difference in terms of reducing the length of stay in hospital, or in the rate of admissions. 3. Similarly, there was uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment. 4. When ICM was compared with other forms of care, we also found that the more ICM is adherent to the ACT model, the better ICM does at decreasing time in hospital. 5. Finally, for the outcome social functioning, we were uncertain about the effects on unemployment due to very low quality evidence. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. The evidence is up-to-date as of January 2016.
The results of this review suggest that box model training may improve technical skills in trainees who have not had previous laparoscopic experience. However, the quality of the trials was not high. The trials were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may be biased. There was no clear evidence that the training improved the surgical skills of trainees. There were 14 trials (382 participants) that looked at different methods of box training. One trial found that the time taken for a task to complete was shorter in the box trainee group than the control group. The trainee trainee also had lower error score (3 trials; 69 trainees), better accuracy score, and better composite performance score. Three trials reported on movement distance, but could not be combined as they were not in a format for analysis. None of the other outcomes such as death and morbidity were reported in the trials. The impact of this training on patients, healthcare funders, and trainee satisfaction is unknown. There is a need for more well-designed trials to assess the impact of the training. Such trials should assess the impacts of box models on surgical skills in the short and long term, as well as on patient outcomes when the trainee is competent to operate.
We identified two randomised clinical trials. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline. This trial was terminated due to adverse effects. The other trial compared the use of corticosteroids by nasobillary tube versus prednisone. Patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis had a higher serum bilirubin (a marker of inflammation of the liver) after treatment with both drugs. Patients had higher serum levels of the steroid, but this did not result in any clinical benefit. There is no evidence to support or refute the use peroral glucocortics for patients with this condition. The use of steroids in the nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe side effects. More research is needed.
This review identified 11 trials that compared early feeding versus delayed feeding. Seven trials (284 participants) reported on the number of deaths. Data were available for three trials. Data on disability were also available. Data from five trials (207 participants) showed that early feeding may be beneficial in terms of survival. One trial compared gastric versus jejunal enteral nutrition, there were no deaths. This trial did not report on death and disability. This review suggests that early feeds may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes. Further trials are needed. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes, but also on disability.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The studies compared digital interventions with no digital interventions, face-to-face, or other interventions. The main sources of bias were from people dropping out of the studies, and from the way in which the studies were carried out. We found that people who received digital interventions drank about one drink less per week less than people who did not receive any digital interventions. We also found that digital interventions led to a reduction in the amount of alcohol that people drank, but we could not be sure that this was due to the interventions. There was not enough evidence to know whether there were any side effects from the interventions, so we cannot be sure if there are any. We did find some evidence that people using a digital intervention had less than one binge drinking session less per month than people not using the intervention, and that in 15 studies, people in the intervention group drank one unit less than those in the control group. We could not tell from these studies whether there was an effect on alcohol consumption. The BCTs of goal setting (three times a week), problem solving, information about antecedents, behaviour substitution, and credible source were found to be effective in reducing alcohol use. There were no studies that looked at the effect of the interventions on side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for the outcomes of drinking less alcohol, and as low for other outcomes. This means that further research is likely to change the results.
We included 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants. Of these, 2124 participants received benzodiazepines and 1475 received placebo. The remaining 634 participants received other treatments. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low. The studies were small and of low methodological quality, which means that their results may be biased. We also found that the dropout rate was lower for people treated with benzoids compared to placebo. However, we found that people taking benzoids had more side effects than those on placebo. We found no evidence that benzoids are better than other drugs in terms of side effects. We judged the evidence for the other outcomes as of very low quality. This means that we cannot be certain about the results. The included studies were all short-term studies. We did not examine the long-term efficacy and side effects of benzoids, nor did we look at the risks of dependence and withdrawal symptoms. Furthermore, the studies were of poor quality, so we are uncertain about the validity of their results. We therefore suggest that people should choose their treatment on the basis of their preferences. The choice of treatment should be guided by the patient's preference, and the choice should be balanced with the benefits and harms of treatment in the long term.
We identified 13 small trials (1520 participants randomised) and three ongoing trials. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias, and some studies were at high risk of selective reporting. Most studies were short-term (one year or less). There was also considerable variation between the studies. The duration and style of tai chi varied between studies. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy people. The other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risks of falling, and people with high blood pressure with liver and kidney deficiency syndrome. There were no studies that reported on cardiovascular risk, all-cause deaths or non-fatal events. We found that there was not enough evidence to be sure that tai-chi had an effect on CVD risk factors. There was some suggestion of a reduction in blood pressure, but this was not consistent in all studies. We also found that cholesterol, triglycerides (a lipid), total cholesterol, and LDL-C (a type of lipid) were lower with tai Chi. We did not find evidence of a difference in the risk of type 2 diabetes. Quality of life was measured in one trial. None of the trials reported on adverse events, costs or the occurrence of CVD. There are no long-term trials looking at the effects of Tai Chi on the prevention of cardiovascular disease. There is a need for longer-term studies to be carried out.
We found that family-based interventions can have a positive effect on preventing young people from starting to smoke. The interventions were very varied in terms of the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted along with tobacco, the age of the children at baseline and the length of the follow-up. Most studies focused on family functioning. There was moderate quality evidence that family interventions can help prevent people from smoking. We were unable to extract data from all studies, so we could not combine the results. However, we were able to combine data from nine studies (4810 people) that reported on the number of people who had quit smoking at baseline. We found that these interventions led to a reduction in the proportion of people not smoking at the start of the study. We also found that some of the interventions may have led to more people trying to start smoking again. We did not find evidence that the interventions had any harmful effects. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to a control group (no intervention or usual care) than there were other types of programmes. The quality of the evidence was downgraded from high to moderate. Most of the studies had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased.
We found three studies involving 451 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of different corticosteroids in various combinations. The duration of the trials ranged from seven to 14 days. We found two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days, but no data were available that could be used in the meta-analysis for the third. The studies were of very low quality. Corticosteroid use resulted in less nausea (measured on 0 to 10 scales) in people treated with the drug compared to those treated with placebo. The frequency of side effects was not different between groups. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main limitations of this review were the small number of included studies, lack of standardised measures of nausea, and use of different agents, dosages, and comparisons. There are few studies that have been done to assess the effects of these drugs in adult cancer patients. This review found very low-quality evidence which neither supported nor refuted their use in this setting. More high quality studies are needed.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children with HIV, cystic fibrosis, cancer or sickle cell disease. Three studies (1345 participants) assessed the effectiveness of antibiotic prophylaxis in preventing LRTIs. There was no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events. In low birth weight children, there was no difference in the number of children with pneumonia. In children with cancer there was a significant decrease in lung infections with antibiotics. In two studies, there were no significant differences in the rate of death. In the one study of children who had a heart disease, a smaller proportion of children had pneumococcal infections. However, this was not found in the other studies. There were no differences between the groups in terms of the rates of serious side effects. The evidence was of moderate to high quality. The quality of the evidence was downgraded for two studies due to lack of data.
We included nine randomised controlled trials, randomising 519 participants. Three trials compared the use of nitrous oxide (100 participants) or carbon dioxide (96 participants) to a control group. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was no evidence to determine the effects of the three gases on the number of deaths, heart attacks, or complications related to the surgery. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants), which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score (a scale of 1 to 10 for less pain) with the two gases (nitrous oxide and helium) for the first postoperative day. The quality of the evidence was very low. There were no serious side effects related to either gas. Four trials compared room air or helium (70 participants) with carbon dioxide. The evidence was of low or unclear quality. We were unable to determine if there was a difference in the numbers of deaths or complications due to surgery, or in the pain scores. One trial (76 participants) found that room air may decrease the cost of hospital stay. The safety of the gases, nitrous, helium, and room air, compared with the control group, has yet to be established. Further trials are needed, and should compare these gases (i.e. nitrous (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide). Future trials should measure outcomes such as complications, serious side events, quality of life, and pain. We rated the quality of evidence as very low for all outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. Further research is likely to change the results of this review.
This review identified 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the use of dexamethasone to prevent BPD in preterm infants. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the amount of corticosteroid given; three studies compared a high dose with a moderate dose and five studies a moderate versus a low dose. Analysis of these studies showed an increased risk of BPD when using a high-dosage regimen. There was no difference in outcomes when the dose was low or high. Four other studies enrolled 762 infants and showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. Finally, two RCTs investigated a standard regimen versus an individualized course of treatment. There were no differences between the two groups in long-term outcomes. Despite the fact that some studies reported that higher dosages of the drug had a greater effect on BPD than lower dosages, the quality of evidence was assessed as low or very low, because of the small number of infants in the studies and differences in study design.
We found eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990; and the final study was published in 2001. Overall there were no differences in risk of heart disease after one year between people treated with corticosteroids and those who received aspirin. However, the results of the trials were not consistent. The trials did not report adverse events. The results should be viewed with caution, because of the age of the studies and the risk of bias. The use of steroids (prednisone and cortisone) did not reduce the risk for heart disease, and the use of prednisone (two studies) and the intravenous use of corticotrophin (one study) was not shown to be beneficial. There is a need for new trials in patients with acute rheumatic fever to assess the effects of steroid drugs such as corticoids, intravenous immunoglobulins, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, or prednisolone. Advances in electronic monitoring of the heart will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2013.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies found that insecticide spray reduced trachoma by at least 55% to 61%. However, another study did not find this to be effective. One study found that another fly control measure, the provision of a latrine, reduced the risk by 29.5% but this was not statistically significant. Another study showed that health education reduced the number of trachomatous cases. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, however, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce the risk. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in the control of flies, however this effect was not demonstrated in the other trial. Two trials on latrine provision have not shown significant reduction. Health education had shown a significant reduction of the risk of trchoma in one study but another study found similar findings. Generally, all the studies have some methodological concerns.
The review found that CBT is effective in reducing fatigue symptoms at post-treatment, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies. However, CBT may be less effective than usual care. There is a lack of evidence on the effects of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments. Further studies are needed to inform the design of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS. The evidence base at follow-up was limited to a small group of studies, with inconsistent findings.
We found one randomised controlled trial (a type of study in which people are allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) including 46 people with sickle cell disease. The study was carried out in the USA. Of the 46 people in the study, seven people withdrew before the start of the study and the remaining 39 people did not complete the full six months. The participants were randomised to receive oral vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) (n = 20) or placebo (19) for six weeks. Participants were followed up to six months of follow up. Two participants from the treatment group have missing values of 25-hydroxyvitamin D, therefore the number of samples analysed was 37. Compared to placebo, the vitamin D group had higher serum levels of 25(OH)D, but this was not significant at eight weeks. At 16 weeks and at 24 weeks, both groups had higher levels. However, there was no difference of adverse events (e.g. itching of lips or hands). The quality of the evidence was low. Regarding the frequency of pain days, participants in the vitamin group had significantly fewer pain days (10.00 (95% confidence interval -16.47 to - 3.53), but again, this was low quality evidence. We found that the quality of evidence for this outcome was moderate. The vitamin D groups had a lower (worse) quality of life score than those in the placebo group, but again this was no significant. Furthermore, the review found that physical functioning PedsQL scores, which are used to measure the level of physical functioning, did not change from baseline. There was no clear difference between the groups. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. The quality was low for the outcomes of pain, health-related quality oflife and adverse events. The included study had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data (high dropout rate in the
We included only one study in this review. This study included 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two treatments: the NDP-3 (NDP-3) and ReST (ReST) therapies. Children were allocated randomly to one of the two treatments. Treatments were delivered in one-hour sessions four days a week. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. The study was funded by the Australian Research Council, Douglas and Lola Douglas Scholarship on Child and Adolescence, Nadia Verrall Memorial Scholarship, and a James Kentley Fellowship. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and language pathologist between one month or four months after the end of treatment. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one randomised controlled trial was identified. There is limited evidence that, when delivered intensively, both NDP--3 and the ReST therapies may effect improvement in word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and the ability to connect speech of at least three word combinations. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP- 3 for three outcomes, but we are unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. No formal analyses were conducted by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Similarly, further RCTs are needed of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and
We found four trials that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared antibiotics to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to a placebo. We judged these three studies to be of low to unclear quality. In all four studies, antibiotic treatment was given orally. The last study, in Brazil, all participants had active retinochoroiditis, were treated for 45 days prior to the start of the study, and were then randomised to treatment with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole. The study in Brazil found that people treated with antibiotics for 12 months had better vision than those treated with a placebo, but there is no good evidence that this leads to better vision. There was no difference in the risk of having a new flare up of the disease. The UK study of pyrimethamine for four weeks found that intraocular inflammation had almost completely resolved by eight weeks in all participants. However, in this study all participants were given steroid treatment. Two studies (UK and US studies) found that there was an increased risk of side effects. These included a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count. These side effects included nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and pain in the legs. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014.
We included 43 trials in this review. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with an increased risk of operative and later fracture of the thigh bone and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences in wound infection, death or medical complications between the implants. Five trials (623 participants) looked at the intramedullary hip screw compared with the SHS. The SHS had a lower complication rate in comparison with the IMHS. However, there was no clear evidence to show that there was a difference between the two implants in terms of complications. Three trials (394 participants) did not show a difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection or length of time spent in hospital between the PFN nail (PFN) and the SHS. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) of other nail versus extramedullaer implants for trochanteric fractures provided enough evidence to be sure that there were any definite differences between the different implants. Two trials (65 participants) found that the nails were more likely to heal more quickly than the fixed nail plates for unstable fractures. Further studies are needed to confirm that these newer designs of nail are safer than those of previous nails.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. The study included 47 women who had either palliative surgery (27 women) or medical management (20 women). The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that women who received surgery had significantly better survival than those who received medical management. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was also not reported and adverse events were incompletely documented. The quality of the evidence was low. Therefore, we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. There is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
Four randomised controlled trials were included in this review. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS. Two trials studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials studied atorvastatins. There was no good evidence that statins improved the number of women who were able to get pregnant, their menstrual cycle or their ovulation rate, nor were there any significant effects on weight. Statins did, however, improve the levels of cholesterol, triglycerides and fat in the blood. No serious side effects were reported. There were no data on the effect of statins on the incidence of hair loss, acne, hirsutism or weight gain. There is a need for more research to be done in this area.
We found no randomised controlled trials to support or refute any of the proposed interventions. We found only observational data from single-arm studies of women with cervical cancer. There is no evidence from these studies to support the use of any of these treatments. Therefore, the choice of treatment will be based on local resources. We identified the need for a trial assessing the benefits and risks of these palliative treatments.
The review of trials found that, compared to radiotherapy alone, temozolomide prolongs survival in patients with glioblastoma multiforme. It also delays progression of the tumour and improves the time to progression (TTP) without affecting QoL. However, it does increase the risk of side effects. In patients with recurrent glioma, it appears to be an effective primary therapy in terms of OS and PFS but there are more side effects in the elderly.
We included two studies in the review. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that private contracts with non-governmental (NGO) groups for district health systems management ('contracting-in') may improve health care access and utilization. However, it was not found to have an effect on patient health outcomes. In the other study, the findings of the same study show that intermittent training courses over 18 months may help district health system managers’ performance. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive the training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management shortcomings than those who received the course. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions for retaining district health workers (e.g., in-service workshops with on-site support) have been identified. More evidence is needed before any firm conclusions can be drawn about the effectiveness of these interventions.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment, it is hard to avoid this bias. There was no clear evidence of a difference in the number of deaths between the two groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died. The causes of death in these people were pneumonia, lung infection, and septic shock. Among people who received surgery, there was some evidence from three small studies that showed that surgery was better than nonsurgical management in reducing the risk of chest deformity (chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and side effects), tracheostomy (traction of the windpipe), and length of stay in the ICU. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. There is a need for more well-designed studies to confirm these results and to detect possible effects on mortality. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of February 2016.
We included 50 trials with 12,877 participants. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied the effects of cerivastatin for three to 12 weeks. The trials were of good quality. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies showed that cerivastsatin lowered LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol and triglycerides (a type of lipid) by a mean of 11.0% to 40.8% over the commonly prescribed dose range of 0.025 mg to 0.8 mg/day. The effect of the drug on total cholesterol, triglycerides and LDL cholesterol was linear over the dose range. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. When compared to fluvastatin (a drug that lowers cholesterol) and atorvastsatin (an anti-cholesterolemic drug that reduces triglycerides) (two drugs that lower triglycerides), the drug was about 250-fold more potent at reducing LDL cholesterol; 233-fold greater potency at reducing total cholesterol; 18-fold higher potency than atorvsastatin and six-fold less potent than rosuvastsin; and 125-fold lower potency at lowering total cholesterol. There was no difference between the drug and placebo in the number of people who dropped out of the trials due to adverse effects. The drug did not seem to have an effect on HDL cholesterol, but overall it increased HDL cholesterol by 5%. There was a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to side effects, but a low risk for the lipid measurements. This review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the drug because of the short duration of trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in 42% of the RCTs.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. Most of the studies were of high quality. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning made little or no difference to serum creatinine levels, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death, or all-cause mortality. However, it may have slightly reduced the risk of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events were reported in four patients receiving iliac clamping. We are uncertain as to whether the use of cuff inflation leads to more adverse effects. The certainty of the evidence was low because only two of the 15 studies reported any side effects (6/1999 in the control group and 1/1994 in the group receiving the intervention). The remaining 13 studies stated no side effects in either group. The evidence was of moderate to high certainty. This means that further research is likely to change the results of this review.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 703 participants. Eight trials investigated the efficacy of treatments to treat fatigue after stroke. Six trials (244 participants) investigated treatments to prevent fatigue. Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the effect on fatigue, but other symptoms after stroke were investigated. There was insufficient evidence to show that any of the interventions described were effective. Some of the treatments described were feasible, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and larger sample sizes. Trials to date have been small and have been at risk of bias, and some have had a high risk of play of chance.
We identified three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 preterm infants. The trials were very small with a total of 74 infants enrolled. The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff. One study (Hu 1999) showed that insulin and glucose was better than cation-exchange resins for reducing the risk of death. The other two trials (Hu 1991 and Singh 2002) found that albuterol inhalation changed serum K+ from baseline to eight hours after the start of treatment. No differences were noted in death or in other clinical outcomes. No serious side effects were noted with the combination of insulin and blood glucose or the albuters. The studies did not provide sufficient evidence to determine the effects of other potentially effective interventions, such as diuretics (drugs that increase the amount of blood in the urine) and exchange transfusion (transfusion of blood to the kidney) for the treatment of hyperkalaemia. In view of the limited information, we are unable to make any firm recommendations for clinical practice. More research is needed.
The review of trials found that intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) is more effective than plasma exchange (PE) in people with severe disease. In children, IVIg started within two weeks from onset hastens recovery as much as PE alone. There was no difference in the mean improvement in a disability scale (seven-grade disability scale) between the two treatments. There were also no differences in the other measures considered. There are no trials in adults. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We found 28 randomized clinical trials with a total of 9330 participants. In 21 trials, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction. In trials with low risk of bias, we found that the use of a high percentage of inspired air was not associated with an increase in the risk of death from any cause. Similarly, when all trials were included, we did not find an effect on the number of people dying. We found that a high proportion of inspired blood oxygen did not increase the chance of a serious adverse event (e.g. respiratory insufficiency) or the length of hospital stay. In nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, we observed a decrease in the rate of surgical site infections. In five trials, participants were not blinded for the outcome assessment. We did not observe a beneficial effect of a higher fraction of 60% or higher on the risk for surgical site infection. We judged the quality of evidence to be low or very low for all of our outcomes. This means that the true effect may be quite different from what we found. The quality of the evidence was downgraded to very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results of this review.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (3663 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes in interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) to include in this review. Most of the trials were of good quality. We found evidence that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have a complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation. However, we also found evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, 742 children) that these children are more prone to diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash than those who do not receive antibiotics. In terms of the other outcomes, we found conflicting results. We also found no data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. We did not find clear evidence that oral antibiotics led to a decrease in the need for a tube to be inserted (two trials, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one trial, 103 children). We found low quality evidence (five trials, 1086 children) showing that children who were treated with antibiotics were less likely to experience an acute otitis media flare up within four to eight weeks and within six months of the start of the trial. We were unable to find any evidence of an effect on short-term hearing. In summary, this review presents both benefits and harms associated with the use of oral antibiotics for OME. This has specifically been linked to the widespread use of antibiotics for ear infections.
The review of trials found that a low protein diet appears to slightly slow the progression to renal failure in people with type 1 diabetes. However, the results of this review should be viewed with caution as there are too few data on this group of patients. The review also found that there is a wide variation in protein intake among patients. We found no data on the effects of LPD diets on health-related quality of life and costs. Further longer-term research is needed. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We identified a total of 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality. Within the subgroup of people with predominantly mild brain injury, we found that most people made a good recovery when they were provided with appropriate information and advice. For people with moderate to severe injury, there was strong evidence that more intensive rehabilitation programmes lead to earlier functional gains. There was also evidence that commencing rehabilitation early after injury leads to better outcomes. For those with moderate- to severe ABI who had been in hospital for a short period of time, more intensive programmes are associated with earlier gains. However, the balance between the benefits and costs of these programmes has yet to be determined. In people with severe brain injury who are still in hospital, there is some evidence that a milieu-oriented model of rehabilitation, in which people are provided with a therapeutic environment in which they are part of a group of people who are helping them to cope with their problems, is an effective way of helping people to recover. The use of multi-disciplinary rehabilitation (where people are treated by a team of people from different fields of study) also appears to be an effective approach. In addition, patients who are discharged from in-patient rehabilitation may be able to use out-patient or community-based services that fit their needs. Not all questions in the literature can be answered. For example, we do not know which treatments work best for which patients, and which models of service are best for money. In the future, we will need to look at trials that are conducted in the context of routine practice.
We included one randomised controlled trial involving 176 women. The trial compared rooming-in versus separate care. The women were assigned to one of four groups using a random method. We combined three of the groups (rooming-in) and the fourth group (separate care) as the control group. We analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. We found no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants who were breastfed exclusively at six months of age. There was no difference in duration of any breastfeeding. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day was 8.3 for the rooming in group, slightly higher than the separate care group. However, the between-group comparison of this outcome was not appropriate since every infant in the group was breastfed seven times per day. The rate of exclusive feeding on day four postpartum before discharge from hospital was 86% (99 of 115) and 45% (17 of 38) for the group of women who were roomed-in. None of our other outcomes were reported. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016. We did not find any evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming the mother into a room with her baby in the same room as the baby in a separate room. Further well-designed trials are needed.
This review identified eight trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Data were limited in respect to stroke recurrence and quality of life. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% suggesting that most people had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and harms of different timing methods for implant placement. Four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were identified. Two trials compared immediate versus delayed implants in 126 patients and found no significant differences. One RCT compared immediate and immediate-delayed implants in 46 patients. Two RCTs evaluated different methods of bone grafting for implants just after teeth were extracted. There was no difference between the two methods in the amount of bone that was needed in postextractive sites. One trial compared immediate implants placed in fresh socket with delayed implants for 2 years. After 2 years patients perceived the time to functional loading as shorter, were more satisfied and an assessor judged the level of the perimplant mucosa (the mucosa that surrounds the teeth) as more appropriate. These differences disappeared 5 years after implant placement, but there were more complications in the immediate implant group. Three trials compared the use of different types of implants (immediate, immediate delayed or delayed) and found that there was no significant difference. There is not enough evidence to determine the advantages and disadvantages of the timing of implant placement for any of the methods.
We found two randomised controlled trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in patients with mild dementia. One trial compared PBT1 with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for us to analyse. The second trial of PBT2 was more rigorously conducted. There was no difference between the two groups in cognition at 36 weeks. The difference in mean change from baseline on the ADAS-Cog score was 7.37 points. There were no significant effects on non-cognitive symptoms or on clinical impression. One participant in the PBT group developed visual problems (poor vision) which resolved on stopping treatment. The PBT has been withdrawn from development. In the second trial a younger drug, PBT 2, was compared with placebo (a dummy drug) in 78 participants. There is no evidence to support the use of this drug in people with mild Alzheimer's. However, after 12 weeks this drug appears to be safe. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in the treatment group (participants in the control group had a higher mean pre-morbid IQ) and the analyses of the results stratified by baseline dementia severity. Larger trials are needed to demonstrate cognitive efficacy.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Two trials specifically included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 PAH. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache (5 trials, 848 participants), gastrointestinal upset (3 trials, 748 people), flushing, muscle aches, joint pains, and muscle pain (4 trials, 282 people). In those with PH-left-heart disease, there was no evidence of a difference in the number of people who died. In people with COPD there were reduced odds of an improvement in WHO functional class (a measure of a person's ability to walk at a set distance), and those on PDE- inhibitors walked 49 metres further than those on placebo (2 trials, 36 people). There was no difference in death between the groups. Five trials compared a group of PAH patients with PH secondary to PH-LHD. There were no differences in the numbers of deaths. The quality of data was low due to imprecision of effect and inconsistency in trials.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injection techniques for axillary plexus block. Nine trials comparing multiple with single injections showed a statistically significant decrease in primary anaesthesia failure (high-quality evidence). Pooled data from five trials also showed that the effect size was greater when neurostimulation was used rather than the transarterial technique. Twelve trials compared multiple versus double injections showed an effect size of 12.5% in the multiple injection group. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections. Otherwise there were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. The time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injection (MD 3.33 minutes) and double injections (MD 1.54 minutes) but there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. This review provides evidence that multiple-injection techniques (using nerve stimulation) are more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. 'Risk of bias' assessment indicated that trial design and conduct were generally adequate; the most common areas of weakness were in blinding and allocation concealment.
We included three studies in this review. All three studies compared beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily with placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. The average decrease in growth was 1.54 cm per year in children with mild asthma. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the growth decrease is sustained or whether it reverses when the treatment is stopped. We are not able to comment on the growth effects of other inhaled steroids that may have less systemic effects.
Three trials (139 patients) were included in this review. APD did not differ from CAPD with respect to mortality, risk of peritonitis, the risk of switching from PD to a different PD modality, fluid leaks, the need to remove the PD catheter, or hospital admissions. There was no difference between APD and CAPD in terms of residual renal function. One study found that there was a reduction in the number of patients who had a peritoneal infection (peritonitis) in patients on APD. Another study showed that patients had more time for work, family, and social activities. There is a need for a trial comparing CAPD and APD with enough numbers of patients to clarify the relative clinical and cost-effectiveness of both modalities. The review found that APD may be considered to be an advantage in select groups of patients, such as those in younger PD population and those in employment, due to its psychosocial advantages.
This review found 37 trials (9312 patients) comparing CRT to RT, CT, IF-RT, and EF-RT. CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival, progression-free survival (PFS) and progression/relapse. The superiority of CRT also applied to early stages (mainly IIIA) separately. For advanced stages (III to IV), CRT seemed to be better than CT alone in preventing progression or relapse. However, the risk of SM was higher with CRT. This effect was mainly due to the use of first-line treatment.  Data were insufficient to compare RT to CT.  RT alone causes a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased risk of need for salvage therapy. Reduced SM risk was not shown with IF- RT. Due to the large number of studies excluded, the inclusion of many outdated treatments, and the lack of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies. This review shows that CRT seems to be optimal for most early stage (I-II) HD.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations. The other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were given orally (n = 12), transdermally (k = 5, 1628), or intrathecally. Many patients discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% CI: 7.6% to 13.9%), transdermal: 12.1% [ 95%CI: 4.8% to 27.0%,], or insufficient pain relief. Many minor adverse events (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious adverse events, like opioid addiction, were rare. Findings regarding quality of life and functional status were inconclusive, due to a lack of evidence for oral and intrathecal studies.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) and had a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years. This trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with a dose of placebo, consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate. The trial was stopped early when the results of the trial were not consistent. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. The study showed no benefit of anabolic steroids over placebo for the complete healing of pressure ulcers. There was very low-certainty evidence on complete ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide 95% confidence interval (CI) range, which spanned both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spine cord injury patients). Thus, we are uncertain whether the use of oxanolone improves or reduces complete healing as we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. Of the five serious adverse events reported, none were classed by the trial teams as being related to treatment. We are uncertain about the risk of serious side effects reported in participants treated with ox and non-serious side effects were not reported in this trial. There is no high quality evidence to support using anabolic steroid drugs to treat pressure ulcer. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary to assess the effect of these drugs on the healing of ulcers, but careful consideration of the current trial and its early termination are required when planning future research. Overall the evidence in this study was of very low quality.
We found six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail, and two to usual care. There was no difference between email and standard mail for the outcome of uptake of preventive screening. For both comparisons, there was no clear difference between the groups for patient or caregiver understand and support. Results were inconclusive for other outcomes. For email only and usual care only, we found no difference in patient health status and well-being. There were no data relating to healthcare professionals or harms. We judged all trials to be at risk of bias. The quality of the evidence on the use of email for disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and was inadequate to guide clinical practice. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive or no evidence for the outcomes in this review. All trials were judged to be of low quality. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs, that take advantage of the most recent developments in technology, and take into account the complex nature of email as an intervention.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their treatment for vertigo. There was no evidence of a difference in the results of the studies for post-treatment vertigo intensity. All nine trials included the conversion of a test of positive to negative Dix-Hallpike test. Pooled data showed that an Epley-type manoeuvre alone was effective in just under 80% of patients. However, it is important to note that this improvement in treatment efficacy was small. There were no serious side effects reported, but three studies reported minor complications, such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV and dizziness in some participants. No evidence was found of benefit of mastoid oscillation (a technique to adjust the head of the head to the neck) applied to the centre of the neck during the manoeuvre. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of additional steps in an 'augmented' form of the 'elevation' (elevating the head up to a new position). Neither treatment is linked to adverse effects. The review found that the addition of postural restriction does not expose most patients to risk of harm, and does not pose a major inconvenience.
We found four studies (231 participants randomised) that compared different types of surgery versus the use of steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study), (2) surgery to remove nasal polyps (two studies), and (3) ESS plus a topical steroid (ESS) versus antibiotics plus high-dose steroid (1 study). All participants also received topical steroids, but doses and types of these were the same between the treatment arms of each study. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcome of interest. The studies did not show that one type of treatment was better than another. The quality of this evidence is low or low. We did not find any differences between groups in the patient-reported symptom scores or the quality of life scores. There was no difference between groups for any of the other outcomes we measured. One study (ESS plus topical steroid) reported a large, significant effect size in the surgical group, with a mean difference (MD) in score of -1.5 (range 0 to 3). In the other study, no difference was found between the groups. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. No studies were at low risk of bias. Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but there were high rates of complications in both medical treatment and surgical treatment. Epistaxis was the most common complication in both groups, with severe complications reported rarely. As the evidence is of very low quality we cannot draw firm conclusions.
We included eight trials (709 participants) in this review. Seven trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods. Four compared the same foods with other nutrients/factors, and four compared foods with zinc plus other nutrients with foods without zinc. The trials lasted between one and nine months. None of the trials reported on zinc deficiency. We found that foods fortified with zinc increased serum or plasma zinc levels. We did not find a difference in serum zinc levels when compared with foods with no added zinc. There was no reported adverse effect of adding zinc to foods. There were no data on children’s weight, growth, cognition, work capacity, or blood tests. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for most outcomes. This means that the true effect may be quite different from what we found.
We found 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies compared the use of non-steroidal antiandrogens with medical or surgical castration for men with advanced prostate cancer, and compared the effects of using these drugs alone or in combination with other drugs. We found that men treated with these drugs were less likely to live for longer than those treated with castration alone, and were more likely to experience side effects such as breast pain, gynaecomastia, fatigue, loss of sexual interest and urinary frequency when compared with men who received castration only. The quality of evidence for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure was rated as moderate according to GRADE. The risk of treatment discontinuation due to side effects, including breast pain and hot flashes, was also increased when men used these drugs. The effects of these drugs on cancer-specific survival and biochemical progression were unclear. We believe that research is likely not necessary on the use in men with prostate cancer treated with antiandrogen monotherapy for metastatic disease. Only high-quality, randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up should be conducted. If further research is planned to investigate biochemical progression, it should be based on current guidelines.
We found eight eligible trials that included 600,000 women. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years. Four trials showed a significant reduction in the risk of death from breast cancer. We found that breast cancer deaths was an unreliable outcome, mainly because of differences in the way the trials were carried out. We did not find an effect of screening on death from any cause after 10 years. We also found that more women in the screened groups had more breast cancer than in the control groups. The use of radiotherapy was also increased in both groups. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer death by 15%, and that the number of women who are overdiagnosed and treated for advanced cancers is 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying and 10 healthy women will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress for years because of false positive findings. We have written a leaflet for lay people that is available on www.cochrane.dk.
We included four randomised controlled trials, with a total of 522 women, in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG priming versus no priming. One of these studies did not report the outcomes per woman randomised, and so this was not included in formal analysis. One study looked at 20,000 unit hCG (20,000 hCG) priming compared to a 10-year-old hCG injection. Three of the four studies only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study. We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. We found no evidence of a difference in live birth rates, miscarriage rates, or clinical pregnancy rates between women who received hCG and women who did not. However, our findings suggested that hCG may be associated with a reduction in the number of women who achieved clinical pregnancy, but the findings were limited by the small number of data included. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. As no data were available on side effects other than miscarriage or on drug reactions, we could not adequately assess the side effects of priming in IVM. We need further evidence from well-designed RCTs before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of the priming, and the optimal dose and timing.
The review of trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short-term or longer term (up to five years) treatment. It is not known whether ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women. It remains to be determined whether factors such as age, type of menopause, and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen) have positive effects. In addition, it is not clear whether the absence or presence of symptoms can affect treatment effects. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these questions by the year 2010.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 participants. They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. We found no difference between inhaled ICS/LABA and LAMA in terms of lung function measures. We also found no differences in the number of people who needed to be treated for COPD exacerbations. We were not able to combine data for other endpoints such as lung function and physical activity. The quality of the evidence was very low, and we are uncertain about the results. The studies were small and of short duration, so we cannot be certain that the results will be the same for people with COPD. More research is needed.
We found four short-term studies that compared two different drugs (fluoxetine and clomipramine) with placebo (dummy drug) or with CBT. The results of these studies suggest that both drugs may be better than placebo, and that CBT may be more effective than placebo. A low relapse rate was demonstrated in one CBT trial. Results from these small studies need to be replicated. In addition, future studies in other samples, such as children, adolescents, and adults, and using a range of psychotherapeutic approaches and modalities, as well as other selective drugs, are essential to supplementing the sparse data currently available.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined cotrimoxazole for prophylaxis of opportunistic infections in adults. We found that the use of a desensitization protocol was effective in preventing patients from discontinuing treatment with the drug, and in reducing the number of patients with adverse reactions. However, these studies were small and did not provide sufficient data on children. Further RCTs are needed in this area.
We included in the review three trials enrolling 148 neonates. We identified no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality. We found no evidence that midazolam reduces death during hospital stay, length of NICU stay, or the need for analgesia. One study (43 infants) reported lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores (a tool used to assess infant pain) in the group that had midazoledam infusion than in the placebo group. Duration of stay in the NICU was longer in infants who were treated with midazoleam compared with those who received a placebo. Another study (46 infants) found a higher rate of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in infants treated with morphine (a sedative), compared with the morphine group. We could not determine the effect of this drug on preterm infants. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. Further research is needed to assess the safety of this medication in preterm babies.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. The evidence is current to August 2014. There is no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotic treatment for NTS. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotics. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) assessing the accuracy of interleukin-6 for sepsis diagnosis in adults. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, and the type of infection. We found that the number of adult patients who developed a high level of sepsIS varied across the studies. We considered all the studies to be at high risk of bias, due to issues related to the test domain in QUADAS-2. The quality of the evidence was very low. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution. If we test a group of 1000 adult patients under suspicion of a sepsi infection with IL-6, we will find that, out of 1000, 330 patients would be wrongly considered to have sepsI, while 130 patients would not be wrongly diagnosed. In addition, 370 patients would avoid antibiotic therapy, and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. The 20 studies that were assessed as studies awaiting classification may change the results of the review once they are published and evaluated. The conclusions of our review will likely change once the 20 studies are fully published and included in the review.
We included 29 trials (5718 participants). Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing; the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types. The majority of these studies compared a basic wound contact dress with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressing. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification. Five trials included people having what was considered 'clean/contaminated', with the rest of the studies including people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures. The review contains 11 comparisons. Most studies were small and at a high risk of bias. Studies were often not clearly reported. It is uncertain whether wound exposure, or any type of wound contact dressing, reduces the risk of SSI. The certainty of the evidence was very low or low for most of the comparisons. This means that we are uncertain of the results. We summarise the results of comparisons below: - film dressing compared with plain dressing (wound exposure), very low-certainty evidence downgraded from very low to very low. - silver-containing dressings compared with simple dressing (washable, non-wound) following clean surgery. Very low certainty evidence downgrades from high to low certainty. - gold-coated dressings versus basic dressings following clean operations. High-certainties evidence for all comparisons. We downgraded the evidence for the following comparisons: - silver, gold, silver-coating, silver, silver and gold-coloured dressings. Very-low-certainies for all other comparisons. There was limited and very low certainty of evidence on other outcomes, such as scarring, pain, and ease of removal. We are uncertain about the effect of dressing on SSI, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester to birth. The trial included 179 women. The other trial compared DHA (dummy treatment) with placebo. The women were randomised to each of the three groups. Sixty-one women completed the DHA arm, 44 of whom completed a self-reported postnatal depression scale, and 41 completed an EPDS. This included study (n = 85) found that the use of DHA had an effect on the self-report EPDS scores, but did not reach statistical significance. The study did not report on any of the other outcomes of this review. In the placebo arm, 64 women completed this trial. The included study found no difference in the effect of EPA- or DHA-rich fish oil on postpartum depression. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPD. There is not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions on the effects of supplements or placebo for preventing postnatal distress. The review authors did not find any evidence of benefit or harm for EPA, DHA or EPA in terms of the presence of postnatal depressive disorder, number of women who started antidepressants, maternal blood loss at birth, or admission of newborns to the neonatal intensive care unit.
We found 11 studies that evaluated different doses of anthracycline in adults with solid tumours. Seven of these studies were randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different doses. We found that giving an infusion of the drug six hours or longer reduces the risk of heart failure, and it seems to reduce the chance of heart damage. We did not find a difference in the number of people who developed heart failure in people who received a dose of less than 60 mg/m2. We could not find any evidence that giving the drug at a peak dose of 60 mg or more would reduce the rate of heart problems. We also found no evidence that a higher dose would be better. There was only one RCT for the other identified peak doses, so we could not make any conclusions about the occurrence of cardiotoxicity. There were too few data for us to be able to draw any conclusions on the safety of different peak dose durations. We need more high-quality research in children and adults, and in leukaemias and solid tumour.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five had been previously excluded but we re-assessed them during the 2017 update. Most studies included adults with TBI. Most of the studies started treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after a craniotomy. All treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported deaths, 31 studies reported unfavourable outcomes (death, being in a vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 studies reported pneumonia. We did not pool these data for meta-analysis. There were differences in the results for these outcomes, which meant we could not combine them. We considered duration of treatment and length of follow-up for these subgroups, but differences in study data were such that we did not combine these data. We judged the quality of the evidence for each outcome to be very low. This means that the true effect may be different from what we found. There was a high risk of bias in the studies, which means that we cannot be certain of the results.
We found three studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality of some studies, the results of the studies were mixed. The evidence base is too sparse to draw any conclusions on the overall effectiveness of family therapy. At this point, the use of psychological interventions for the treatment of depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable. Further high quality trials are needed.
This review identified three trials involving a total of 206 participants. All patients with vascular dementia were included. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. Due to the small number of included trials, small sample size, and lack of evidence, we were unable to draw any firm conclusions on the benefits or harms of Duxil for dementia. High-quality randomised trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 960 participants. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of bias, and no studies used blinding. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which means that the results may not be reliable. We found limited evidence that insertion of a drain reduced the odds of developing a seroma, and reduced the number of post-operative seroma aspirations. However, this benefit should be balanced against an increased length of hospital stay.
We identified eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised trial. The results of these studies were conflicting. There was no evidence that the total flavonoid intake reduced the risk of colon cancer. However, the results from two studies suggested that an increased intake of Flavan 3-ol (flavonoids) reduced both the risk and the number of people with colorectal cancer. In addition, there was some evidence that high intake of procyanidin and phytoestrogen could lead to a reduced risk of bowel cancer. The quality of the evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, and Flavanones was unclear. The evidence for Flavan-3-ols was also conflicting.
We found seven trials with a total of 1369 participants. Five trials used our definition of slow responders, and three other trials used both definitions. None of the trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, we found that extending the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the number of patients who had sustained virological response. The length of treatment did not affect the number who had to be treated for 72 weeks. The number of people who relapsed virologically was lower in the groups that had been treated for 48 weeks. There was no reporting on deaths. In the single trial that reported adverse events, there was no difference between the two groups. More data are needed to decide whether or not to continue to treat patients with HCV in whom HCV RNA was still detectable after 12 weeks and 24 weeks of treatment.
The purpose of this systematic review was to assess the utility of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer who were found to have resectable disease on CT scan. Only two studies were included in this review. Both studies assessed the accuracy of the EUS test in assessing the resectability of the cancer. The studies were of low risk of bias in one of the two studies. There was low concern that EUS may not be applicable to people with cancer of the stomach. Based on two small studies (34 participants) there is significant uncertainty in the utility in EUS for the diagnosis of unresectable cancer. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be used routinely.
We identified 34 randomised controlled trials (2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared different treatments. The review authors found no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of cure. Topical (oral) antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief, and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. Lid hygiene, warm compresses, and eyelid margin washing were also shown to be effective. However, these treatments are not supported by strong evidence. More research is needed to assess the effectiveness of these treatments. It is important that participants be followed long-term (at least one year) to assess chronic outcomes.
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Side effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with RRP a few hours after treatment. There is insufficient evidence from trials to determine whether the use of photodynamic therapy alters the course of RRP or provides an added benefit to surgery. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms and voice quality should be measured. Multicentre trials with appropriate sample sizes and long-term follow-up are required.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of people in the study. Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality. In six studies (40%) of the studies, the time between the tests was unclear. In eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported. In two studies (12%), the interpretation of the reference test was not very clear. Eleven studies evaluated whether CDUS was more accurate than CDUS for ruling in endoleaks. The studies were of better quality. When we combined the results of 20 studies, we found that CE-CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity. We also found that when we combined results from 18 studies, CDUS had a higher sensitivity. The results from eight studies showed that CDUS showed a higher specificity. We found that the results from 22 studies, which provided data with and without the use of a contrast, were similar. We did not find any evidence that the studies were biased. When the results were combined in the individual studies, no studies were judged to be of low/clear quality.
We found seven studies, with 766 participants, that used sterile water to relieve pain in labour. Four studies used injections, two subcutaneous, and one both. All studies reported on low back pain only. We found no difference between sterile water and saline water for pain intensity or relief. One study reported the number self-scoring 4/10 cm or more of pain reduction, and found that more women had this outcome with sterile water. There was no difference in rates of caesarean section (risk ratio (RR) 0.58, 95% CI 0.33 to 1.02) or instrumental delivery (RR 1.31, 95-CI 0.79 to 2.18). No study reported on pain relief for other outcomes. No adverse events were reported other than short-term pain with injection. The quality of the studies was good, but four of the seven studies were small and at high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution. More research is needed to determine the benefits and harms of sterile water for women and their babies.
We found 12 trials with a total of 1932 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies compared glue with sutures for mesh fixation in people with Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain and reduce the risk of recurrence of the hernia in the short term. However, the results changed when we looked at the type of mesh. We also found evidence that glue was superior to suture in terms of duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. There were no significant differences between the two groups for adverse events. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all outcomes. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of evidence (GRADE) for the outcomes is moderate-quality evidence. Based on the short-term results, glue appears to be a sensible alternative to sutured mesh fixation for mesh repair. Larger trials with longer follow-up and high quality are warranted. The difference between synthetic glue and biological glue should also be assessed in the future. Eight out of 12 trials showed high-risk of bias in at least one of the investigated domains. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk of blinding regarding blinding processes.
We found 32 studies addressing the effects of technical editing. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes, applied between acceptance and publication, was found to improve the quality of articles in two studies and improved reporting in two other studies. Providing instructions to authors was associated with a better reporting of ethics requirements, but no difference was seen in quality of abstracts. Structuring of the abstracts improved their length. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. However, more research is needed.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults. There were no studies on children. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatments of one, seven or 21 days. Twelve studies used codeine alone and three combined it with a paracetamol. Ten studies included a placebo, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators. The studies were small, of short duration, and most had shortcomings in reporting. We found only a small amount of data. The available evidence indicates that codeine is more effective in relieving pain than placebo, but with increased risk of nausea, vomiting and constipation. We are uncertain as to the magnitude of the pain relief and the safety of codeine in longer-term use. The quality of the included studies was not high. All except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias, because of small study size, and six because of problems with how the studies were conducted.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the follow-up assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after the completion. The trials were of moderate to high quality. The overall risk of bias of the trials was low for reporting, unclear for random sequence generation, blinding of patients and staff, and mixed for blinding of outcome assessment. In summary, we found that educational programs improve patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression. The effect on knowledge was small and whether it is of clinical benefit is uncertain. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial (20 families) also showed an improvement. There was no evidence of an effect on patient knowledge, but the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. There were two main outcomes related to the effect of educational programs on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related illness. No data were reported for patients or their caregivers (or both) in terms of self management. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for patient knowledge and low for positive coping, child knowledge, healthcare utilization, depression and other outcomes. No effects were seen on coping, family relationships or quality of life of patients. This suggests that further research is likely to change the results of this review.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effectiveness of brivaracetam, a drug used to treat epilepsy, with placebo. These studies included 2411 participants. All participants were adults between 16 and 80 years old. All studies were of short duration. Only one study included people with both focal and generalised onset seizures. The other five trials included people who had focal onset seizures only. All six studies were conducted in adults. We found that when used as an add-on treatment for people with focal focal epilepsy, the drug reduced the number of seizures by 50% or greater. People receiving the drug were also more likely to be able to stop taking it because of side effects. However, people who received the drug did experience more side effects than those who did not receive it. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for the reduction of seizure frequency, but low for side effects, as well as for the risk of people stopping treatment for any reason.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries. Many of these studies explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. We found that parents wanted to know more about vaccination. Lack of information led to parents' worry and regret about their vaccination decisions. Parents wanted balanced, unbiased and well-targacked information, presented clearly and simply, and tailored to their situation. They also wanted vaccination information to be available at a range of locations, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment. They viewed health workers as an important source of information. Parents often had negative relationships with health workers, and poor communication and negative relationships may have impacted on vaccination decisions (high confidence). Parents found it difficult to know which information source to trust, and it was difficult to find information they felt was unbiased. Parents generally found it hard to trust the sources they found. Parents who were more willing to accept vaccination were more likely to do so, but some parents who were less willing to vaccinate. We have high or moderate confidence in the results of this review. We had low or very low confidence in some of the findings, mainly due to the small number of studies that we found, and the small numbers of parents in some settings. We need more research in low- to middle-income settings. Planners should consider the timing for making vaccination information available, the settings where the information is available, and parents' views of health workers and the information provided.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 599 participants. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new. Two of the 10 included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies, and comparability was poor. The results of the review suggest that the treatment as usual may be less efficacious than treatment by a specialist, but this is based on one trial. There was a suggestion in one trial that treatment by non-eating-disorder therapists might be more efficacious, but again this was based on just one study. There were no differences in the dropout rates between the treatments. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% failure rate. None of the trials found any adverse effects. The quality of evidence was very low. This was mainly due to the small number of studies and small sample sizes. Larger studies are needed.
The review included 516 participants from three RCTs. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive silicone oil, and the second trial randomized 271 adults to be treated with either silicone oil or synthetic gas. The third trial was a multi-enterprise international trial, and randomized 94 adults (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil), which is not available for routine use. All three trials appear to be free of bias. The first two trials had a large number of participants who were excluded from the final analyses, and all three trials had low risk of loss of participants to follow up. None of the trials employed masking of patients and their surgeons, and in the third trial, the outcome assessors were masked. The use of silicone oil was not shown to be superior to perfluoropropane gas, but there were no major differences between the two drugs in terms of visual acuity, macular attachment, or any other outcomes. There were no differences in the number of patients who achieved at least 5/200 vision acuity after one year, or in the percentage of participants that achieved macular detachment. There was no difference between the groups in the change in vision at two years. The choice of the type of tamponade should be based on the surgeon's preference. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma (poor vision), four had cataract (scarring), and two had capsular fibrosis. The trials did not report adverse events. The quality of life was not reported in any of the studies. The overall, the quality of the evidence was high. The three trials were well designed, and reported.
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. We found that planned early delivery is associated with fewer complications for the mother and her baby. There was no clear difference in the number of women who died or had a caesarean section. There were no clear differences in the risk of the baby being admitted to the NICU. There is no clear evidence to support the use of planned early birth for women with high blood pressure. The quality of the evidence was graded as high, meaning that more research is likely to change the results. We did not find enough evidence to be sure about the effects on outcomes for the babies. The studies were of moderate quality. We need more research to be certain about the best time of delivery for these conditions.
We found six randomised controlled trials (including 142 participants) that compared three-times-a-week treatment with on-demand treatment. Two of these studies were conducted in children with hemophilia. The remaining four studies evaluated the use of prophylactic clot-busting agents in adult patients. We found strong evidence from these studies to show that prophyleptic agents reduce bleeding and joint bleeds in people with existing joint damage. There was not enough evidence to show whether these agents reduce the number of people with bleeding or other complications. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of patients in the studies and the small size of the studies.
We found 13 trials involving 1824 participants that met our inclusion criteria for this review. In total, data were available for 10 trials (732 participants). We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the treatment groups. Eight studies aimed to induce a remission of the disease. Overall survival did not differ much between treatment groups, and five studies tried to maintain remission. In two out of three studies, this was substantial but this difference was not significant. We found no evidence that less aggressive treatment schedules are more effective than more aggressive treatments. This review shows a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, there is not enough evidence at present to draw any firm conclusions about the relative effectiveness of these newer treatments. We included one new study in this update.
The review found two studies involving 447 women with RhD negative pregnancies. The studies compared giving anti-D by injection or by oral administration. There was no incidence of RhD in either of the studies, as the sample size was too small to be meaningful in terms of this uncommon outcome. One study found that the mean IgG levels up to seven days after IV and IM administration did not differ. However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar. The choice of an IM or IV route of treatment will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be given and also on the patients' preferences. The number of studies and the number of participants were not enough to assess if there are any differences between the two methods. It appears that both methods are equally effective. Anti-D can be administered by injection, oral or intravenous.
We identified eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA trial, which included people with multiple risk factors for CVD. Overall the risk of bias of the trials was low. The mean duration of treatment ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality (death from any cause) and myocardial infarction (heart attack) were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial did not show any significant differences for any of the outcomes. There were no data available from three trials (31% of total diabetes patients) on stroke. There was no difference in the number of people with stroke who had a fatal or non-fatal stroke. Overall pooling of two studies showed no significant reduction in the combination of fatal (stroke) and non- fatal stroke for ADP receptor antagonists when compared to other antiplatelet drugs. We did not find any data on other outcomes, such as blood pressure, heart attack or death from vascular cause, or costs. The available evidence for the use of ADP receptors for prevention of CVD in people with diabetes is limited. Most trials do not report outcomes for patients with CVD separately. Therefore, we recommend that future trials including both patients with and without diabetes be conducted. Trials with diabetes patients are needed.
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week treatment, and one evaluated six-week and three-month treatments. Six trials (151 people) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nose mask or mouthpiece, and in one trial it is unclear. Three of the trials reported that people with cystic fibrosis may prefer to breathe through their nose or mouth when they are using a mask. We were not able to find any evidence to support the use of NIV for sputum clearance, but we did find that it may improve some lung function and sleep-disordered breathing. One trial reported that one person withdrew from the trial due to pain on lung tests. One of the three trials (13 people) reported that a person could not breathe through his or her nose when breathing room air. The trial found no clear differences between NIV and room air for exercise capacity. We did not find evidence that NIV increased lung function, but it did improve sleep gas exchange during sleep. We found no evidence that it increased the risk of a lung attack. The quality of life of the people in the trials was assessed by the review's primary outcomes. We also looked at the effects of the NIV on lung function (quality of life) and symptoms of sleep disturbance (e.g. breathlessness). We were unable to find clear evidence of an increase in lung function with NIV. The trials did not report on side effects. We judged the quality of the studies to be low or unclear. Most trials had a low risk of bias. The only one trial was judged to have a low rate of bias for all the other domains. The other trials had some issues with the way they were carried out. There is a need for long-term trials which are adequately powered to determine the effects
We found seven studies on 245 people with stable COPD. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries. The evidence is current to September 2014. The mean age of the participants ranged from 65 to 77 years. The average age of participants was 65 years and the mean duration of follow-up was 12 months. We found that NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients had no consistent clinically or statistically significant effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, lung function, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. However, we cannot exclude an effect that is clinically significant (considering that the minimal clinically difference on 6MWD is around 26 m). There were no significant differences in blood gases, respiratory muscles strength or lung function after 12 months of use of nocturnal-NIPPV. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low.
We included four randomised controlled trials, involving 1190 women. Induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia has not been shown to alter the risk of having a caesarean section, or the number of babies born by force. There was no clear difference between groups for brachial plexus (two events), and there was no strong evidence of any difference for the other outcomes. The induction of labour resulted in a lower mean birthweight in the induction group, and fewer birth fractures, and shoulder dystocia (breach in the shoulder). There was one study with data for 818 women, which found that third- and fourth-degree tears were more likely to occur in women who received induction. The results of this review suggest that to prevent one baby fracture, it would be needed to induce labour in 60 women. We judged the quality of evidence to be high for the outcome of birthweight. We rated the evidence for other outcomes as low or unclear due to lack of blinding, imprecision, and risk of bias.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women, and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. Vitamin D was administered for 4.4 years. More than half of these trials had a low risk of bias. All trials were from high-income countries. We found 56 randomised trials that provided data on mortality. The average age of the participants in the trials was between 18 and 107 years, and the average duration of treatment was four years. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in 19 trials had vitamin D adequacy (at or above 20 ng/mL). Participants in the remaining 26 trials had insufficient vitamin D insufficiency (at less than or equal to the recommended level). Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together (5,920/47,472 participants (12.5%) vs 6,077/47-814 participants (11.7%). Vitamin D2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. A subgroup analysis of trials at high-risk of bias suggested that vitamin D2 may even increase mortality, but this finding could be due to random errors. We did not observe any statistically significant differences in the effect of vitamin D on mortality in subgroup analyses of trials that used placebo compared with trials using no intervention in the control group; of trials with no risk of industry bias, of trials assessing primary prevention compared to trials assessing secondary prevention; of studies including participants with vitamin D level below 20 ng at entry compared with studies including vitamin D levels equal
The review of trials found that three drugs, fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine, can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. However, the magnitude of weight loss is small, and the long-term benefits of these drugs are unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common, including tremor, somnolence, and sweating with fluoxets, and palpitations with sibutsramine. There is no data on other drugs for weight loss.
We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants. We assessed only one study as good quality, and the other four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extractsing the data from the five studies to synthesise the results, mainly due to not all studies reporting the same outcomes. No significant differences between VGB and CBZ were seen in terms of time to treatment withdrawal, time to first seizure, and time to achieve six-month remission. VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain, skin rash, and drowsiness than CBZ. No difference in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. We concluded that, in the absence of evidence, VGB should not be considered the first choice treatment for epilepsy. Further research is needed to address the risk-benefit balance of VGB with CBZ monotherapy.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs), but two of these closed early due to low recruitment. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants. In both studies the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerixafor, and the control group (placebo) group received the same treatment plus placebo. The results of the meta-analysis did not show any evidence for differences between the groups in terms of survival or side effects at 12 months. However, there was a higher rate of successful stem cell collection in those participants who received the treatment. In the non-Hodgkin's lymphoma trial, 95.9% (142 participants) of participants in the plerxfor group and 88.3% (136 participants) in the placebo group received a stem cell transplant. The trial in the other type of cancer, multiple myeloma, did not report on quality of life. The evidence was of high quality. There was no evidence that there was any difference in time to neutrophil or platelet engraftment in transplanted patients. None of the trials reported on the effects of the treatment on progression-free survival. Two more RCTs, which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the company that makes the PlerixAfor drug, were not published. Due to this, it is possible that our review is biased, even though two of the four trials failed to recruit enough participants. Another RCT with 100 participants has not yet published results.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women with SUI. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cones and control treatments. Cones were better than no active treatment, but there was little evidence of a difference for a subjective cure. The trials did not show that cones plus PFMT was any better than PFMT alone. There was not enough evidence to show that the addition of PFMT to either cones or PFMT made any difference. There were no studies that looked at quality of life, and no study looked at costs. The results of this review provide some evidence that weighted vaginal cones are better than not treating SUI, and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT. This conclusion must be tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable outcomes, are completed.
The review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions regarding the impact of these interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. More trials are needed to examine the impact on anticoagulant control in patients with long-term AF. It is also important to explore the implications for patients suffering from this chronic condition.
The review found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of vaginal birth in 24 hours, but does not seem to reduce caesarean sections. PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries seem to be as effective as each other, but small differences are detected between some outcomes.
We found five randomised controlled trials involving a total of 247 infants. The trials compared cot-nursing with incubator care, which involved 231 infants, and compared the effect on body temperature and weight gain. We found no difference between the two groups. However, there were fewer infants that died on discharge from hospital, and fewer that were breast fed on discharge. In one trial, the infants who were cot nursed with warming of the nursery had less weight gain during week one compared to those who were incubated. There was no difference in weight gain for weeks two and three. The review found that cot nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has similar effects to incubator nursing with regard to temperature control, weight gain, and death. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further. This is especially important in low-income countries where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered. As limited data is available, we recommend that this method is not recommended as a practice.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing the PDCs. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics (e.g. missing teeth), patient reports of pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the techniques. The quality of the evidence was low. We considered two of the three included studies to be of low quality. This suggests the need for more studies. Three ongoing trials have been identified and these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We found three trials, involving 244 women. The trials compared prostaglandins with placebo (a fake drug) for the management of retained placenta. The studies were considered to be of poor quality. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the rate of manual removal of placentas, blood loss, need for blood transfusion, the mean time from injection to placental removal, or side-effects (shivering). There was also no difference in the time taken to remove the baby's head (minutes) or in the need for shivering. We did not obtain any data for the main outcomes of maternal deaths and the need to add a uterotonic. The included studies were of low quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates. We can not make any recommendations about changes in clinical practice. We need more research in this area.
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP and CPAP. For this update, we included no new trials. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) in infants with birth weight above 1500 g (six studies; 355 infants). We found lower overall mortality and lower death rates in infants of all ages (three studies; 260 infants). Use of CDP is also associated with an increased risk of pneumonia (one study; 37 infants). In preterm infants with breathing problems, CDP as CPAP or CNP reduces the risk of death and pneumonia. However, the application of CPAP as CNP may be harmful. We found no difference in BPD at 28 days, as well as no difference at nine to 14 years. Four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the effect of these results on current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is needed.
We found six studies (157 participants) comparing foam dressings with other types of wound dressings. We found no research evidence to support the use of foam dressing for foot ulcers in people with diabetes. All included studies were small and/or had short follow-up times. The results of two studies showed no difference in ulcer healing. There was no difference between foam and non-foam dressings in the number of people who had foot ulcer healed. There were also no data on the cost of the dressings, the amount of wound healing time and the type of dressing used.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 patients in the surgical group and 15 in the conservative group. The trial showed a higher percentage of patients with pain relief, both at middle/long-term follow-up (two to five years), and at long-term treatment (≥ five years). No differences were found in terms of major complications (deaths) or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow this to be reliably evaluated. This review shows that surgery is more effective than endoscopy, but the small number of patients included in the trial did not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences in the outcomes. The review has shown that surgical intervention in the early stage of chronic pancreatitis is a promising approach, with better results for pain relief and pancreatic function. However, this review needs to confirm these results because of the limitations of the evidence.
We found only one trial that compared early or delayed post-operative showering or bathing. This trial included 857 patients undergoing skin excision surgery. The trial was at a high risk of bias. The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was wound infection. There was no difference in the proportion of patients who developed wound infections between the two groups. The proportions of patients with wound infections were 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8% in both groups. There is no conclusive evidence from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early (or delayed) versus delayed (at least 48 hours after the procedure) post-operatively bathing patients. Further trials are needed to compare the benefits and harms of both early and delayed bathing.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The trial had a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. There was no difference in the number of people who achieved remission, or in the severity of MS symptoms after 12 weeks of treatment. Side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups. The study did not report side effects in detail, but one of the people treated with prednisolone died. A double-blind RCT (40 people) did not measure the primary outcome for this review. The evidence is of very low quality. We are not very sure about the effects of oral dexamethasone, because the only RCT that exists is of low quality, and we do not know if it will be helpful or harmful. We know that corticosteroids are beneficial in the short term, but long-term use can lead to serious side effects. We also know that people who take high-dose oral cortnisone have less sleeplessness, and that moon facies (the appearance of the face) is likely to be less common. We need more research to find out which dose is best.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote asthma check-ups with face-to-face visits. One study compared the two types of check-up for people with asthma who were not taking their asthma medication. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up had an asthma flare-up than those who were seen face to-face. The studies could not be blinded, which means that they may have been biased. The results of the studies were too different for us to be able to draw any conclusions. We did not find any difference between the two groups in terms of asthma control or quality of life. There was no difference in serious adverse events. We do not know whether the number of people who received a phone call or a telephone check up increased when they had a visit with a doctor. We were not able to say whether or not people who were visited by a doctor had more asthma attacks when they were seen by a person they could not see. There were too few people in the studies to know if people who attended a remote visit had more attacks than people who did not. There is not enough information to be sure that remote asthma checks are better or worse than being seen by people who are seen by doctors. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most outcomes. This means that we cannot be certain that the results are likely to be close to the truth and that we are less confident in the results.
The review of trials found that exercise therapy does not worsen arthritis. There was no evidence that exercise improves function, quality of life, aerobic capacity or pain. The results of this review suggest that the short-term effects may be promising. However, the long-term effect of exercise is unclear. The trials were all consistent in their reporting of the adverse effects of exercise therapy. There were too few trials to be able to draw firm conclusions about the effects of the exercise therapy on health outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area. This review highlights the need for a standardised assessment or core set of functional and physical outcomes suited for health research.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with ICU) in this review. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpatients (i.e. patients admitted to the ICU with a flare-up of asthma) but these effects are small and inconsistent, and they are absent for some outcomes. These inconsistent effects need to be balanced against the fact that antibiotics can have side effects (e.g. diarrhoea) and costs. The quality of the evidence was moderate for treatment failure and low for mortality. This means that the true effect of antibiotics may be quite different from what we found.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared whole grain diets to lower whole grain or refined grain diets. These trials included a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70, where reported) with a mean age 45 to 59. We found no studies that reported the effect of the diets on total cardiovascular deaths or cardiovascular events. All studies were in people at high risk of cardiovascular disease. There was no evidence from RCTs that the diets had an effect on blood lipids and blood pressure. We assessed the quality of the evidence on cholesterol to be low. The studies were small and of short duration. There is a need for more well-designed, long-term studies to assess the effects of whole grain diet on cardiovascular risk factors.
The review of trials found that there is limited evidence supporting the use of weight-bearing and the use a removable type of immobilisation (such as an air-stirrup) to allow exercise after surgery. There is also limited evidence that early weight bearing made a small improvement in ankle range of motion. However, there was little evidence of effect for stretching, manual therapy or exercise. There was no evidence that any type of support or immobilisation was the best. There were few studies that looked at the effects of different types of support and immobilisation. More research is needed.
We found four studies that evaluated interventions to improve adherence to ART. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. Two were randomised controlled trials, and two were non-randomised trials. An RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge, medication refills, and CD4 count. The intervention had no effect on CD4 or viral load. A second RCT showed that the intervention group had fewer people reporting no missed doses, but this difference was not statistically significant. A RCT also showed that a second group of children on a lopinavir/r regimen had less chance of missing doses than the control group, but the difference was too small to be meaningful. A non-RCT showed no effect of peer support group therapy on self-reported adherence. However, the percentage of children with suppressed viral load increased, from 30% to 80%. The second trial found that there was no difference in the number of children who achieved >80% adherence, but that the proportion of children achieving viral load suppression was greater for children on the LPV/r regimens. Two interventions, an LPV and a non-nucleoside regimens, did not improve adherence, yet showed that children on this regimen were less likely to miss doses. One of these two interventions, peer support groups for adolescents, showed no change in adherence. The other intervention did not change adherence. Medication diaries do not seem to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. We conclude that there is a need for more research in this area.
We found five studies (696 participants) that compared fenoprofen 200 mg with placebo (dummy pill) for moderate to severe acute postoperative pain. There was no difference in the number of participants experiencing any side effects between fenopa-200 mg and placebo. The NNT was 2.3 (1.9 to 3.0) for at least 50% pain relief. There were no serious side effects or withdrawal from the studies. We were unable to assess the effects of other doses or active comparators, the time to use of rescue medication, or the numbers of participants needing rescue medication.
The review of trials found some evidence that pelvic floor muscle training (PFT) improves prolapse symptoms and severity. However, the trials were small and had a high risk of bias. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical (if symptomatic) and symptom improvement immediately post-intervention. There was no evidence that PFMT improves the severity of prolapse. The two trials which measured muscle strength found no difference between groups in muscle strength. Two out of three trials (involving a total of 857 women) found differences between groups. One trial found that women who had PFMT had less frequency and bother with symptoms than those who had no PFMT. Two of the trials found better function (or improvement) in the PFMT group than the control group. The other two trials found a benefit for PFMT with regard to muscle strength, but the two trials did not agree on how the two groups compared. There were no differences between the trials in the way the women reported their symptoms, or in the number of times they felt sick. The trials found no evidence about the effect of PFMT on quality of life. There is a need for more trials to look at the effects of different intensities of PMT for prolapse in the short and long term. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in the trials to date, and warrant consideration, include those involving lifestyle change (e.g. diet, exercise, exercise), and trials aimed at prevention. The review found that there is now some evidence to support the use of PFT for symptomatic prolapse, but more research is needed to give clear evidence about its effectiveness and cost-effectiveness.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials involving 1,724 participants or ears were included. Topical quinolones were found to be better than no drug treatment at clearing CSOM, but no difference was found between them and non-quinolone (without steroids) antibiotics at weeks one or three. A positive trend was seen at two weeks, but this was largely due to one trial and was not significant when accounting for heterogeneity. Other treatments, such as antiseptics, were better at curing CSOM at one week. However, the effects of these drugs on aural discharge were mixed. Studies were also inconclusive regarding whether there was any difference between quinoleons and other non-drug treatments in terms of side effects. Further trials are needed to clarify side effects, assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include more safety assessments, particularly to clarify the risks of adverse events.
We found 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants. Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. We found that FRS correctly identifies people with schizophrenia 75% to 95% of the time. However, FRS will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia. These people will still merit further assessment and help due to the severity of their symptoms and mental state. The use of FRS in triage will lead to around 40% of people that specialists will consider to have schizophrenia incorrectly. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. In addition, some people who will be considered to be mentally ill, but not have schizophrenia, could be discharged from care early if triage relies on FRS to diagnose them.
We included 10 studies in this review, of which 5 were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 study using psychological interventions. We did not identify any new studies using psychological treatments. All studies were conducted in primary-care settings. We found that there is limited evidence of the effectiveness of these interventions in helping children with atopic eczema. The largest and most robust study (n = 992), which used nurse- and dermatologist-led interventions, showed a significant reduction in disease severity, as well as in quality of life, in both groups of children. It provided six standardised group education sessions. In three studies, which could not be combined, the objective SCORAD score was better in the intervention group. However, in all of the above studies, we found that the confidence interval limits were too small to allow us to be confident in the results. We also found that parents of children aged 8 to 12 years had significantly better improvements in their children's scores on a scale of the 'quality of life' questionnaire. Parents of children under seven years had better scores on all five scales. In the largest study, parents of four children aged 3 months to 7 years had a significantly better score on the scale. The studies did not report on the effects of the interventions on sleep. There is some evidence from included studies that these may lead to improvements in the severity of the condition, but more research is needed to be sure of this. The evidence is up-to-date as of January 2017.
The review of trials suggests that HBOT may be beneficial for people with LRTI in the head, neck, anus and rectum. HBOT appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction. There was no evidence of benefit in clinical outcomes for neurological tissue, and no randomised data reported on the use of HBOT to treat other manifestations. These trials did not report side effects.
We found 10 studies involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two were on vaginal repair, and two on hip replacement. The use of blunt needles was compared to the use of sharp needles in four studies. On average, a surgeon had one glove perforation in three operations. In four studies, surgeons had a lower risk of a needle stick injury. In five out of six studies, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable. The evidence was of high quality. There is high quality evidence that using blunt needles reduces the risk of exposure to blood and fluids for surgeons and their assistants. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants. These trials lasted between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between trifluoperazine and low-potency drugs in terms of response to treatment. However, there was no difference in the acceptability of treatment. There was also no clear difference in numbers with at least one adverse effect. The quality of the evidence was low. The number of randomised studies as well as the quality is low. More, newer studies would be needed to draw conclusions about the relative effects of these drugs.
We found nine randomised controlled trials including 593 preterm infants. These trials compared feeding in response to feeding cues with feeding at scheduled intervals. The trials were generally small and contained flaws in their methods. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2015. The review found that feeding in reaction to feeding and feeding cues can help preterm babies to eat earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled times. However, the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong evidence that responsive feeding affects important outcomes for preterm infant or their families. The quality of the evidence was low or very low because of the small number of infants included in the trials and the poor reporting of study methods. More research is needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding has an effect on other important outcomes.
This review identified two randomised trials with 161 participants. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One randomised trial (133 participants) showed that there was an improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) with folic acid and a multivitamin B supplement. A second trial (18 participants) found no difference (P non-significant) in ABI in participants who received multiv vitamin B and placebo. No major events were reported. No recommendation can be made regarding the value of the treatment of high blood homocysteine in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well-designed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies that investigated the impact of different types of financial incentives. One study looked at the effect of a fee-for-service payment on primary care dentists’ behaviour. The other study compared capitation (a system in which teeth are restored at a later stage of the disease) payments with fees for service. Both studies were conducted in the four most deprived parts of Scotland. The authors reported that the capitation payments led to an increase in the number of patients who had their teeth filled. However, the study was carried out in the most deprived areas of the country, so it is unclear how the findings would apply to the rest of the world. The study did not report data on patients’ use of the health service, or on patient outcomes. The second study used a parallel group design to assess the effects of capitation and fee- for-service payments. This study found that capitation was more likely to increase the amount of clinical activity in the group of dentists who received a fee for service, but it was not clear if this was an effect that would be relevant to other settings. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of health service use, patient outcomes, or costs. There were no differences in the cost of the different methods of payment. The studies were of low quality. We judged both studies to be at a high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. There is a need for more research in this area. We rated the quality of evidence as low/very low/low for all outcomes. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, and that future research may change the results.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. One trial did not contribute data. We found that women who took zinc supplements during pregnancy were 14% less likely to give birth early (16 trials of 7637 women). This was not accompanied by a reduction in the numbers of babies with low birthweight. No clear difference was seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for other outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. There was no clear difference between groups of women with low versus normal zinc levels or in women who complied with their zinc treatment versus those who did not. The evidence for a 14% relative reduction in preterm birth for zinc was mainly from trials of low income women. The quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small for gestational age, and low birthweights. It was low for stillbirth or death of the baby and low for the number of babies that died or were born early. Since the preterm association could well be a result of poor nutrition, it is important to find ways of improving the health of populations in poor countries, rather than focusing on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation in isolation.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1656 participants. All trials used probiotics as adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. None of these trials were funded by the drug industry. Probiotics may increase the rate of short-term clinical cure (low quality evidence). Probiotics also decrease relapse rate at one month (3 studies, very low-quality evidence). However, this did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. The risk of relapse rate was reduced by one month with the use of probiotics, but this effect was not found to be more pronounced in the longer term. We found no evidence that probiotics increase the risk of serious or non-serious adverse events. We did not find any RCTs for outcomes such as time to first relapse, need for further treatment at the end of the therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness.
We included seven randomised controlled trials in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank, which makes the results of this review more relevant. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries, while four were from upper-middle and lower-middle income countries; two were from Iran, one from Turkey and the seventh from Jordan. In six of the trials all the participants had a chance of being included. In the seventh trial, only the subgroup of participants who were not included in the main analysis was included. The review of trials found that, compared to placebo or no treatment, the use of progestogens (drugs that stimulate the growth of the ovary) to treat threatened miscarriage (involving 696 women) probably reduced the risk of miscarriage. However, progestogen use may have little or no effect on preterm birth. We are uncertain if progestin treatment has an effect on congenital abnormalities. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. This means that we cannot be certain about the results. We assessed the body of evidence for most of the main outcomes using the GRADE tool. We found that the quality of evidence was moderate for most outcomes.
We found five studies that compared laser photocoagulation with no treatment or deferred treatment. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. These studies included 4786 people with diabetic retinopathy. Four of the studies evaluated panretinal photocompression (treatment with argon laser). One study looked at selective treatment (treatment of non-perfusion eyes). The majority of people in four of these studies were people with proliferative diabetic retenopathy. One study recruited mainly people with non-proliferative (non-dissolving) retinaopathy. At 12 months there was little difference in the risk of vision loss between eyes treated with laser and no treatment. There was a 20% reduction in risk of loss of vision at five years with laser treatment. Treatment with laser reduced the chance of severe visual loss by 50% at 12 months. The risk of progression of retinal scarring was 50% lower in treated eyes compared to no treatment (or deferred treatment). There was no difference between the two groups in terms of risk of vitreous bleeds. None of the five studies reported near visual acuity, pain, quality of life, vision loss, loss of driving licence or side effects. The evidence in this review is up to date as of April 2014. We judged the evidence to be of moderate or low quality, depending on the outcome. This is partly due to reporting of trials conducted many years ago, after which laser treatment has become the mainstay of treatment for proliferative diabetes retinitis pigmentosa. Future Cochrane Reviews on variations in the laser treatment protocol are planned. Future studies should investigate the combination of laser treatment with newer treatments such as anti-vascular endothelial growth factors (anti-VEGFs).
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy. The average age of the participants was 65 years. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. We found that CPAP or NPPV may reduce the need for a tracheal tube to be inserted. There was no difference in the length of stay in the intensive care unit. We could not be certain of the effect of CPAP/NPPV on leakage from the lungs, pneumonia, or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggest that bilevel nPPV, compared to oxygen therapy, may improve blood gas and blood pH levels one hour after the intervention. The quality of the evidence was low. We did not find enough evidence to be certain whether CPAP had an effect on anastomotic leakage, bleeding, skin breakdown, or eye irritation. We also found no evidence that the intervention had any effect on death. The studies did not present data on the following outcomes: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax (excess gas in the lungs), bleeding, eye breakdown, sinus congestion, oronasal drying.
We found four trials involving 388 women that compared diazepam with other pain relief agents (ketamine, vinydan-ether, and spinal block) for forceps delivery. All four trials were judged to be at some risk of bias overall. The trials were small and had a number of flaws in the way they were carried out. A variety of different agents were assessed in the trials, and so we could not combine the results of the trials. One small trial found that women who were given a sedative (diazepam) were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective compared with women given ketamine. In another trial, women were less likely to report severe pain, and were also more likely not to report vomiting. No trials reported on the other two main outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and death of the baby or serious illness in the baby. There is not enough evidence to be sure which is the most effective method of providing pain relief. More research is needed to find out which method is best.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months. Five studies included yoga breathing alone. The other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga may improve quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There was no evidence to suggest that yoga had an effect on lung function or medication use. We did not find evidence to support or refute the use of yoga for asthma control. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The risk of bias was low for most outcomes.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) in the review. Seven trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data for the reporting of the primary outcome of the review, which was muscle strength at six months. Three trials (n = 78) compared immunoglobulin with a dummy drug (prednisone), but we were unable to perform a meta-analysis because of differences in the way the data were presented and analysed. We were able to combine data from two trials (58 participants), which found no difference between IFN beta-1a and placebo. One trial (44 participants) found that methotrexate (MTX) did not slow the progression of IBM, but there was some evidence that MTX improved muscle strength. Two trials of ATG (ATG plus MTX versus MTX) found very low-quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy. We did not have enough data to be able to assess the effects of IVIg, oxandrolone, AZA, or MTX. Trials of arimoclomol (arimoclomeol) are ongoing. Studies of simvastatin (BYM338) are still underway. None of the trials included in this review assessed side effects. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. We need more trials with larger, longer-term, and more robust outcome measures.
We identified nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that linezolid is more effective than vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs, including those caused by MRSA. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the lineZolid group than for those receiving intravenous or oral treatment with vancomedine. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two drugs. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the people treated with linezolis compared with those receiving vancomydine. However, more people reported thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder), nausea and nausea when treated with the lineuzolid drug. The cost of treatment was less for people treated in the oral and intravenous groups. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezoli. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 512 participants. The evidence is current to August 2016. The trials were of poor methodological quality and were conducted in a variety of countries. We found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. Postoperative mortality, overall survival, and morbidity showed no significant differences, except of delayed gastric emptying, which significantly favoured CW (OR 3.03, 95% CI 1.05 to 8.70). Furthermore, we noted that operating time (MD -45.22 minutes), intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly reduced in the PCW group. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
This review identified six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1862 brain injury patients. Five of the six RCTs reported the risk of death. The other three studies reported death and severe disability as an outcome. In two of the studies, the patients were treated with nimodipine, a drug used to treat bleeding in the brain. In the remaining three studies, there was no evidence of benefit or harm. However, there were more adverse reactions to the drug, which may mean that it is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to be relatively low risk of bias. One trial had a cluster design, and one trial used a group-randomized design. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group, compared with 39 of 338(11.54%) participants in the immediate defibrillillation group. When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year, we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either intervention. We have been unable to determine conclusively whether immediate defirinillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy beforedefibrillation have similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. We were unable to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
The review of trials found that there was insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular treatment in IVF. There is a need for more good quality trials in this area. The review identified three trials. The trials were small and of poor quality. There were no reports of live birth rates. The number of oocytes retrieved was less in the GnRHa long protocol group compared to the GnRH antagonist group. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was higher. Cancellation rates were higher in thegnRHa flare up group. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage rate. There was no difference in ectopic pregnancy rate. More robust data from good quality RCTs, with relevant outcomes, are needed.
We included 53 randomised controlled trials with a total of 2981 people with schizophrenia. Most of the trials were of poor quality. Family intervention may reduce relapse events and hospital admissions, although some small but negative studies might not be identified by the search. People with schizophrenia may also reduce the number of hospital admissions and relapse events, and may be less likely to leave care early, but these findings may be overestimated. The quality of these trials was poor. We did not find data to suggest that the family intervention either prevents or promotes suicide. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
We included three randomized controlled trials with a total of 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic blockage of the arteries of the leg. The trials were carried out in Germany (two trials) and Austria (one trial). Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. We found that DEBs were better than uncoated balloon angioplasty in terms of the outcomes of amputation, narrowing of the artery, and improvement of one or more Rutherford categories. DEBs also showed better outcomes for up to 24 months for target lesion re-stenting, binary restenosis, death, and quality of life. However, the certainty of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the high risk of bias in the study design.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. The trials showed that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities and mortality without causing serious adverse events (no events, 737 participants) and no deaths (915 participants). Corticosteroid treatment also reduced the duration of fever, time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP)) to normalise (1 study) and length of hospital stay. Evidence showed reduced inflammatory marker levels. Evidence was considered high quality for the incidence of serious side effects, mortality and the time taken for laboratory tests to return to normal. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. No studies detailed outcomes beyond 24 weeks. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, deaths and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work.
We included eight studies comprising 846 participants. Four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Two of the studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples were women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. We assessed the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for the outcomes of parental depression, parent-child interaction, and infant attachment. We found that PIP is more effective than control in terms of parent mental health, infant attachment, behaviour, and cognitive development. However, we did not find any differences between PIP and control in any of the other outcomes (i.e. adverse effects). We found no evidence to support PIP as a treatment option for parents who have anxiety, fear of needles, or who have been abused. We rated the evidence as low/very low quality for all outcomes. This was because there was risk of bias in the way the studies were designed or executed. The included studies were small and involved only a few participants.
We found one new included study in this updated review. In total, our updated review includes 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 753 participants. We found no convincing evidence that giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during caesarean section is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus. The low quality of the evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women who received extra oxygen had higher oxygen saturation (N = three trials, 209 participants), maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), UaPO2 (foetal umbilical blood), and UvPO2, which is a measure of blood oxygenation. There was high variability in the results of these studies. The evidence was of low to very low quality. The results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade of evidence.
We included twelve studies with 2196 participants in this review. We found that reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken by 11% in four trials. Reminder packaging had no effect on blood pressure. Two trials provided data for the proportion of people who were self-reported to be adherent, reporting that the intervention group did not reduce the number of people not taking pills. We also found two trials that looked at changes in blood pressure measurements. We did not find an effect on systolic and diastolic blood pressure, but we found a small effect on changes in glycated haemoglobin. No data on vitamin C and E levels were reported. In one trial the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by people with low literacy levels. We concluded that reminder packing appears to be a simple way to improve adherence for people with certain conditions. More research is needed to improve the design and targeting of these devices. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
We identified 15 randomised clinical trials evaluating 11 different drugs. All trials had high risk of bias. There were no differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative complications. There was some evidence that dextrose, trimetazidine, and dextranol may protect against damage to the liver. However, these drugs should be used with caution because of the small number of trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of errors.
We searched scientific databases for studies that assessed the effects of treatment-related risk factors in people with kidney disease. We found 61 studies, of which 52 were eligible for inclusion. Of these 52 studies, at least 4499 people underwent renal function testing. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4,906 underwent renal tests. The majority of the studies were conducted in the USA, and the majority were funded by drug companies. The 52 studies evaluating the prevalence of renal dysfunction included people with a variety of types of kidney disease, cancer, and other types of cancer. The risk of adverse renal effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to diversity of included malignancies, received treatments, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. Seven out of 52 studies (including 244 participants) reported the incidence of chronic kidney disease (chronic kidney disease), which ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of the 36 studies, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) GFR, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in between 0% and 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased GFR. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer follow- up period with glomerulular dysfunction. Twenty-two out of the 52 studies studied proteinuria, which ranged between 13.2% and 28.6%. Both non- and eligible studies investigating risk factors identified cisplatin as a risk factor. Carboplatin, neph
We identified two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines, Niprisan® and Ciklavit®. The results of the single trial of Cajanus cajan were reported. The single trial showed that the drug was effective in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cell disease crisis, but the drug did not affect the risk of severe complications. No serious side effects were reported in this trial. Based on the published results, phytonutrient drugs may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing pain crises in sickle cells. This needs to be further validated in future trials.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with a PET-adapted therapy only. The third trial was more complex. The studies were reported as RCTs, but there was no blinding. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in people receiving PET-based treatment, and two in people who did not receive this treatment. Progression-free survival (PFS) was shorter in people with early-stage HL and a negative PET scan who received chemotherapy only, and in those receiving standard radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in people given no additional radiotherapy or standard treatment with radiotherapy, and also in those given chemotherapy but no radiotherapy (a form of treatment in which radiotherapy is not given). The overall quality of the evidence was moderate. We found no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life and short-term side effects. However, we did find moderate-quality evidence that PFS was shorter for people with HL who received PET-specific therapy, and that it was also shorter in those who received standard therapy. It is unclear whether this PFS advantage will translate into an overall survival benefit. No data on long-term AEs were reported. We judged the overall risk of bias as moderate.
We found 31 randomised controlled trials that compared different types of birth control pills, injectables, vaginal rings, or implants. Many trials had small numbers of participants. Many of the earlier studies had few methods. We found no new trials in 2014. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups. The few differences from levonorgestrel COCs were inconsistent. Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower mean fasting glucose (0.40; 95% CI -0.72 to -08) and higher means for two-hour glucose response (1.08 (MD 1.08). We still know very little about women who are overweight. More than half of the studies had weight restrictions. We could not make strong statements due to having few studies that compared the same types of contraceptives.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials that compared exercise with no treatment in people with symptomatic hip OA. These trials included a total of 549 participants. Nine trials (549 participants) showed that exercise reduced pain by 8 points on a 0 to 100 point scale. The improvement in pain was sustained at least three to six months after the end of treatment. Pain and physical function were also improved by a mean of 7 points on an 0 to 12 point scale (0 was no pain) in the control group. Only three small studies, with 183 participants, measured quality of life. Quality of life was estimated to be 50 points on average in the general population. There was no significant difference in pain between the two groups. Of the five studies reporting side effects, each reported only one or two events and all were related to pain. The quality of the evidence ranged from high to very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016.
The review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial in terms of muscle power function, muscle tolerance functions and mobility-related activities. There was no evidence of any harmful effects of exercise therapy. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcomes that should be used in exercise trials.
Only one randomised clinical trial was included in this review. The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of the participants). The trial randomised people with biliary colic to early laparoscopic (less than 24 hours) cholecystectomy or delayed (4.2 months after diagnosis) laparoscopically. There was no difference in the proportion of people who died. There were no deaths in either group. The other outcomes were not reported. Information on the outcome deaths was available for the 75 participants. This trial did not report quality of life or the return to work. The rate of serious adverse events was low in both groups (28 people in the early group and 40 in the delayed group). There was a reduction in the number of people with complications during the waiting period. The complications included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema of the gall (e.g. bleeding in the gallbladder), perforation (a hole in the liver), gallstones (wound), bile duct damage (bile duct injury), obstructive jaundice (jaundice), and recurrence of the bile colic. In total, 14 people required hospital admission for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the late group as all the participants had to be operated on within 24 hours. The time taken to perform the surgery was shorter in the earlier group (1.25 days) and the length of hospital stay (14.80 minutes) than in the later group (17.1%). There was also a shorter operating time in both the early and late groups. The proportion of the people who required conversion to open operation (removal of bile) was lower (9/40 (22.5%), which was lower than the 9/40 group. This study did not look at the quality of the life of people. Based on evidence from one trial, it appears that
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with short-term antibiotics. Seven of these trials provided data for the main comparison and the main outcome and these were pooled. Overall, we found that the risk of SSI was reduced by 76% to a 0.26% with the use of long term antibiotics. We found no clear evidence that a single dose of short- or single-dose antibiotics is better than one or more of the following: 1. longer-term (at least six months) antibiotics (up to 12 weeks) (472 participants) (moderate-quality evidence); 2. short term (less than six weeks) antibiotic (220 participants); and 3. single dose (100 participants). No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic was better than another. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of evidence for our outcomes.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important differences between the two groups. There were no significant benefits or harms of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis. There was a small mean difference in the gestational age at birth between the groups. This review is not able to draw any firm conclusions regarding the use of preterm births for preterm babies with stomach problems. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week; 122 participants were randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. We found no studies in children. All three studies used paracetamol in combination with strong opioids. Other drugs used to treat pain were NSAIDs, tricyclic antidepressants, and neuroleptics. None of the three studies reported any of our primary outcomes: pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; people with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; or people with a global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved. What pain reports there were showed no difference between the two groups of people in terms of pain relief. There was no convincing evidence of any difference in the effect of paracetol on quality of life, use of rescue medication, or preference. Measures of harm were not consistent across the studies. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all outcomes, because studies were at high risk of bias from several sources. There is no evidence to support or refute the use by people with cancer to reduce their pain.
The review of 15 trials found that there is not enough data to confidently say which drugs are the most effective for treating wet patches on the bed. Antimuscarinics, such as astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin, and oryzanol, were the most commonly studied drugs. For the outcome of 'no clinically important change' there was no difference between the antimuscarinic doxepine (dummy pill) and the Chinese medicine (sugar bran oil) suo vu, but there was a small benefit for suo quo wan (a Chinese herbal medicine). There was also a small advantage for the Chinese herbs suo wan over doxapin in terms of no clinically important improvement. Adverse effects were poorly recorded. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. All results are vulnerable to considerable bias. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. Current practice outside of well designed randomised trials should be clearly justified. The limitations of these studies are plentiful and the risk of bias is high. These trials, however, are invaluable guides for current and future study design. Well conducted randomised controlled trials are possible. Some may be underway.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 195 participants with MS. Two RCTs investigated inspiratory muscle training with a device that stimulates the muscle to contract; three RCTS investigated a threshold device; and one RCT, regular breathing exercises. Eighteen people (˜ 10%) dropped out of the trials. No serious side effects were reported. We pooled data from 5 trials (n=137) for all but one outcome. When compared to no active control, we found no significant difference between the two groups with regard to the predicted maximum inspiratory pressure. However, there was a small benefit on the predicted peak flow of air (20.92 cmH 2O) in the group of people with mild to moderate MS. These studies did not report on quality of life. Three trials (N=143) compared expiratory muscle-training with no active controls or sham training. When we combined data from these trials, we did not find a difference between groups with respect to the expected maximum pressure (8.33 cmH2O). However, we could not combine the data from two trials on fatigue because of the small number of participants. One trial (N = 41) assessed quality of the life of the participant, and found no difference. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes, mainly because of limitations in the design of the studies, as well as imprecision of results due to small numbers of participants in the studies. We conclude that the evidence is of low quality. This review provides low-quality evidence for the following reasons: 1. Due to the low number of studies included, we were not able to perform a cumulative meta-analysis (combining of the results of all the studies). 2. It was not possible to pool the results for side effects. 3. It is unclear whether or not the effects are lasting. 4. Quality of life was not reported in any of the included trials. 5. The
This review included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) of betamethasone for ITP. This trial included 38 women with a total of 41 pregnancies. The trial compared a dose of 1.5 mg/day (the recommended dose) with no medication. This RCT did not show any difference in the risk of ITP and neonatal bleeding between the groups. The RCT also did not provide evidence about other treatments for this medical condition. This review does not provide any evidence about the risks and benefits of other medications for treating ITP during pregnancy. There is not enough evidence to recommend the use of any of these medications in ITP in pregnant women.
We identified two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants, that were conducted in Iran. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus before the operation. They were randomised to receive either DALK or DALK. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four of the DALK surgeries had to be stopped due to technical failure, and visual outcomes were not measured in these patients. Follow-up length for 77 patients ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 people followed for at least three months post-suture removal. The results of this study were not reported. Neither of the two studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism, spherical equivalent (spherical or irregular shape) or post-operative graft failure. A single case of graft failure in a DALK graft was reported. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the Dalk group of either study. In both studies, graft failure was less likely to occur in DALK than DALK, but we found some evidence of a higher risk of rejection following DALK surgery. We found no evidence of any difference between the two techniques with regards to BCVA at three months after the graft was taken out of the cornea. We also found no difference in outcomes for graft growth, final UCVA or other outcomes. The small number of studies included in the review and problems with the way they were conducted mean that it is still difficult to draw conclusions about which technique is the best. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate, with problems with study design and reporting of results. There is currently not enough evidence to be able to determine which technique may be better in terms of final visual acuity and time to attain this.
We found 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies varied greatly in terms of the number of women included in analyses, with haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (10 studies, 3273 women, moderate quality evidence). Women had significantly higher levels of iron in their blood (51 studies, 6861 women, high quality evidence) and a reduced risk of iron deficiency (7 studies, 1088 women). No studies reported on iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported deaths. Seven trials recruiting 901 women reported on 'any side effect' and did not identify an overall increased prevalence of side effects from iron supplements. Five studies recruiting 521 women identified an increased risk of gastrointestinal side effects in women taking iron (low quality evidence), and six studies recruiting 604 women identified a higher risk of loose stools/diarrhoea (high quality evidence); eight studies recruiting 1036 women found an increased likelihood of having hard stools or constipation in women randomised to iron. Seven studies recruiting 1190 women identified evidence of abdominal pain among women randomising to iron (high-quality evidence). Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of an increased frequency of nausea among women randomly assigned to iron supplements (low- or very low- or moderate-quality data). Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. Daily iron supplementation effectively reduces the prevalence of anaemia, iron deficiency and iron stores, improves exercise performance and reduces symptomatic
This review identified five randomised controlled trials, with a total of 1,726 patients, that compared the combination of irinotecan and fluoropyrimidines with the usual treatment for patients with CRC. The results of these trials have not been incorporated in this review. There was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment. However, this result may have been driven by the single first-line treatment study. There were more side effects in the combination group. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate, mainly due to the lack of information on how patients were allocated to treatment groups.
The review of trials found that a transverse incision has less impact on pulmonary function, is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence) and may look better. The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution. There was no difference seen in other early post-operative complications and recovery times. The results should be treated with caution as the results of the trials were not consistent and the methods used to assess pain were varied.
We included a total of nine studies (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. In MBR compared to usual care, people receiving MBR had less pain and less disability, and were more likely to return to work. However, we found no difference between the groups for pain, functional disability, or time away from work. When comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light program and a graded activity program, a brief clinical intervention, brief clinical advice on exercise, and a brief psychological counselling), we found little or no difference. We found no evidence that MBR is better than other treatments for people with subacute LBP. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. More high-quality research is needed.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants in this review. The trials compared bisphosphonate treatment to a control group. The evidence is current to May 2018. Bisphosphoneates probably reduce the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. These benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of renal impairment and nausea in men receiving bisph phosphonates. Bisplatinate administration probably increases the risk of kidney adverse events and nausea. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response between the two groups. We observed no clinically relevant difference between the groups with decreased analgesic consumption. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and participants, and the variation in the methods used to assess pain and quality of life across studies.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1093 patients. Four trials compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immunotherapy in patients who had not received any treatment. One trial in patients with relapsed FL found that HDT plus ASCT was more effective in terms of overall survival (OS) than chemotherapy alone. However, this effect was not transferred into an OS advantage. In the four trials in patients previously untreated, there was no difference between the two groups of patients with cancerous growths (TRM) or with solid cancers (solid cancers). There was some evidence of a PFS benefit for HDT+ASCT compared with chemotherapy and immunotherapy for patients with previously untreated patients with FL. These effects are confirmed in a subgroup analysis (one trial) adding rituximab to both treatment arms. There was no evidence of differences between the groups with respect to OS, TRM or solid cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT - ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS advantage for patients treated with HDT and ASCT over chemotherapy and/or immunotherapy. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect more precisely. Moreover, longer follow-up data are necessary to find out whether this benefit translates into an overall survival advantage in these patients. The quality of the five trials is moderate. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias is uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We found a statistically significant
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. The trials compared WDD with placebo or no treatment. There was a high risk of bias within the trials. Overall, the risk for bias was low or unclear. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo. However, WDD was associated with fewer side effects. WDD did not improve global or mental state when compared with antipsychotics. The evidence is not of high quality. More large studies are needed to fully and fairly test WDD as an add-on treatment for people with schizophrenia.
We included 12 studies with 799 participants in this review. We found three new studies (228 participants), bringing the total to 12 studies. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus a variety of different types of superelastic nickel-titanium wire. There were five studies in this group and we were able to combine data from two of them. There is insufficient evidence that there is a difference in rate of alignment between the two types of wire. 2. Conventional versus a different type of cable. There was only one study (24 participants) that assessed this comparison. The evidence is of low to very low quality. 3. Single-strand versus a pair of wires made of a single strand. The quality of the evidence was very low or moderate for all comparisons. This was because the studies were small, and some of the studies did not report how they were conducted. 4. Single strand versus an arch wire made of two strands. The results of one study were of moderate quality. This suggests that single strands can produce greater tooth movement. 5. Subgroup versus a group of studies in which the participants were assigned to one of two or more types of arch wire. The findings of these studies were of low or very low-quality. 6. Substitute versus thermoelastic NiTi. The studies were not large enough to be of high quality. None of the trials reported on root resorption. The included studies were at high risk of bias. We judged three studies to be at high-risk of bias and three to be low-risk. Six studies were unclear as to whether they were at low- or high risk. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcomes of alignment rate, pain at day 1, time to alignment and root resurction. This means that further research is likely to change the results.
We found one study of 306 older people with dementia, with average age of 86 years. The study was conducted in 16 nursing homes in France. It did not measure any of our main outcomes, but did measure behavioural change using three scales. These scales were: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Scale, a scale used to measure aggression, and the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), a scale that measures mental state. For the CMAI scale, we found that there was a 5.69 point improvement in the change scores of the group that was given the intervention. The change scores on the NPI scale did not differ between the intervention and the control group. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores by the end of the study. We rated the quality of the evidence from this study as very low. This means that we have very limited confidence in the results. We need more high-quality research on this topic.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. The results of the trials were not suitable for meta-analysis due to different skin care products, skin care procedures, and measurement tools. Nine trials compared different types of topical skin care. One trial compared different topical products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. The evidence is current up to 28 September 2016. We found that soap and water perform poorly in the prevention or treatment of IAD. The first trial suggested that a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use of soap. In the second trial, a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and skin protection properties might be effective. Findings from the other trials, all being of low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on product, such as a cream, ointment, or cream with a combination of other skin care agents (e.g. a skin protectant, cream, and a moisturiser) might be better than not applying these products. No trial reported the third main outcome, 'number of people not satisfied with treatment' or on side effects. We conclude that there is little evidence on the effects of interventions to prevent and treat IAD in adults. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included seven randomised controlled trials with 333 participants in our review. The antiviral drugs in the trials varied between the trials. Three trials studied patients in hospital, while two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting. The age of the patients ranged from two years to young adults. The type of antiviral, the route of administration, and the treatment duration varied. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The review found that there was no difference between antiviral treatment and control groups for two of the 12 outcomes. There was a mean reduction in the time taken for patients to recover from their symptoms, but this may not be of clinical significance. The quality of the evidence from these trials was very low. In terms of viral shedding, there was a small reduction in viral shedding in the antiviral group, but the effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. In summary, there is not enough evidence to be sure whether or not antiviral agents are effective in the treatment of patients with IM. Further research in this area is needed. The risk of bias for all included studies was unclear or high. This means that the results should be treated with caution.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to insulin detemir or insulin glargine for the treatment of high blood sugar. Overall, the risk of bias of the studies was high. Insulin glargines were given once-daily in the evening. The results showed no significant difference in overall, nocturnal and severe low blood sugar control (HbA1c) and glycaemic control, measured by blood glucose levels less than or less than 7% with or without low glucose levels, between the groups. There was also no difference in the variability of FPG or blood glucose values in 24-hour profiles. Only one trial reported results on quality of life and showed no difference between treatment groups. We conclude that there is no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety in the use of these drugs. However, to achieve the same control of blood glucose as with low blood glucose, the drug was given twice-daily, with less weight gain.
The review of trials found six trials that assessed the effects of SNS for bowel problems. Six trials compared SNS with no treatment in patients with bowel problems, and two trials compared the two types of stimulation. In the parallel group trial by Tjandra, 53 participants in the SNS group experienced less bowel problems compared to the control group, who received best medical treatment. In addition, 15 participants with severe bowel problems in the group receiving SNS experienced fewer bowel problems than the control. In contrast, in the trial by Thin, 15 people in the suture tibial nerve stimulation (sNS) group experienced fewer problems during the 'off' and 'on' periods. In this trial, 19 people out of the 19 who received SNS had bowel problems at the start of the trial. The median (range) episodes of bowel problems per week were 1.7 (0 to 9) in the 'offs' and 0.7 in the ‘on’ groups. The trial by Vaizey, 14 people with FI experienced lower bowel problems during a one-week ‘off’ and a week-time period. However, this trial did not show that SNS improved the frequency of bowel movements. Side effects were reported in a small proportion of people: pain at the site of the implant (6%), seroma (2%) and tingling (9%) in the vaginal region. In one trial by Leroi, 7 of 34 recruited people were excluded from the crossover group due to complications or immediate failure. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the time of stimulation they had preferred. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 people who preferred the 'on', and five who preferred 'off'. For the group of 19 people, the average number of bowel attacks per week fell from 1 to 9 during the off to 0 to 5 in the off period. The group of five people experienced a range of 1.
The review of trials found two trials (n = 190), at low risk of bias, were included in the review. Both trials compared molar tubes bonded with either a chemical or light-cured adhesive. One trial indicated that there was less decay of the teeth with molar bands cemented with glass ionomer cement, while the other trial showed that there were less decalcations of the molar tube with a chemical (glassy) cement. No other adverse events were identified. However, both trials were of poor quality. More research is needed to draw more robust conclusions.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible for inclusion. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staging with EUS. Overall the quality of the studies was good. The diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be considered useful to guide physicians in the staging of people with stomach cancer. However, it should be noted that EUS does not perform as well as it should for all types of cancer, especially for the primary tumor stage. Moreover, EUS is less accurate in diagnosing tumours of the stomach and the stomach wall. This means that it is less likely to be useful for detecting tumours that have spread beyond the stomach. EUS may also be less accurate for detecting the presence of tumours in the lymph nodes, but this means that doctors should be warned about this fact. We also found that the accuracy of the EUS was not high enough to guide doctors to exclude people with cancer that had spread to lymph nodes. Therefore, the results of this review should be interpreted with caution. Further research is needed to determine if EUS can be used in routine clinical practice.
We identified a total of six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants. The trials compared day-surgery with overnight stay surgery for gallstones. The average age of the participants varied between 40 and 47 years. The number of participants ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. We found that there was no difference in the rate of serious adverse events (deaths) between the two groups. The quality of life of the patients was similar in both groups. There was no significant difference in pain between the groups. No difference was seen in hospital readmission rate. No significant difference was found in the proportion of people who failed to be discharged as planned. For all outcomes except pain, the amount of data was far less than we would need to exclude bias. We concluded that there is not enough evidence to support the use of day surgery for the treatment of patients with gallstones and that it is not safe or effective.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants. We found four studies involving 1272 participants. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blindness. Two more studies included 415 more participants than in the previous version. The studies were of generally good methodological quality; we found only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate or very low for most outcomes. High-concentration Capsaicin was found to be effective in relieving pain for chronic pain. About 10% more participants (about 10%) reported that their pain was much or very much improved at 8 and 12 weeks, and more people with chronic pain at 2 to 8-week, and 2 to 12-week follow-up had pain reduced by at least 30% and at least 50% compared to those with placebo. Pain was reduced by about 10% in people with painful nerve damage (painful nerve pain) and by about 11% in those with painful diabetic neuropathy. The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did obtain high levels of pain relief, there were usually additional improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than with placebo (3%). Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common, based on small numbers of events (six to eight studies involving 21 to 67 events; moderate quality evidence, downgraded due to few events). The quality of evidence was moderate for pain reduction and pain reduction, and low for other outcomes. We downgraded the quality because of lack of data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis, the definition of stroke, and in the effects of surgery. We did a pooled analysis of data from 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow up) to compare the risk of having a stroke. We found no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes (stroke, heart attack, or death). We found that surgery increased the five-year risk of a stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis. It had no effect in participants with 30% to 49%, and was of benefit in those with 50% to 69%. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for people with 50%, to 69%, and for those with 70%, to 99%. There was no evidence of benefit for those who had near-occlusion. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
We found 10 retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for rectal cancer, colitis, and other cancers. The results of the studies were inconclusive for the incidence of herniation, ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. We also found no difference between the two surgical approaches for the occurrence of other stoma-related problems or death. The studies did not measure quality of life, which was not one of the outcomes we were interested in. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. We found inconsistent results for the two methods of stoma formation. The findings of this systematic review indicate that there is still a lack of high-quality evidence to support the use of one method over the other for the formation of a stoma. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016.
We found 24 relevant studies, involving 2126 participants. We found no significant differences between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences in some outcomes, including hospitalisation rates, mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the receiving treatment. We also found no evidence of differences in the rate of relapse, leaving the study early, and quality of life between the treatment groups. When we compared the results of supportive therapy to those of cognitive behavioural therapy, we again found no differences in outcomes. We did find that other psychological or psychosocial treatments may be more effective than supportive therapy, but the evidence was of very low quality. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, with a total of 949 participants. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size. None had a placebo only control. Eight studies compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid, and one both. None compared NSAIDs with the same dose of opioid alone. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised cohort. None of the studies reported pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline. With NSAID, people with moderate or severe cancer pain were randomised to receive either NSAIDs alone, or NSAIDs plus opioid, or both. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group or with another treatment. Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of effect, or side effects. There were 22 deaths, but these were not clearly related to NSAIDs. The main side effects were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (5%). There is no evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
We found two studies, which involved 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence was very low. This study reported that pain at day two and day three was lower in the group treated with tinzaparin, and also at day 4. Thus, people with sickle cell disease who took the drug had less pain at the end of one day and had fewer hospitalisation days than those who took a placebo. The study also reported that people taking the medicine had more rapid resolution of pain, as measured with a numerical pain scale. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days in favour of the people taking a low-molecular-weight heparin. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tiniaparin group, and none were reported in the placebo group. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dalteparin group than in the control group, but this result was based on a small number of participants. Based on the results of these two small studies, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-metabolite heparins for the treatment of Vaso-occlusive crises.
We did not find any trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs. There were also no randomised trials that directly compared the two groups of patients. There was no evidence to support their routine use.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (2066 patients) comparing silver-containing dressings with non-silver dressings, or silver sulphadiazine cream or topical agents. Most of the trials (seven) found no differences in infection rates. One trial showed fewer infections with silver nitrate dressings than with a non- silver dressing. However, three trials showed significantly more infection with SSD than with the other dressings. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver dressings; one showed less infection with the silver-coated dressing (Hydron AgSD) than with SSD, but the other five found no evidence of a difference. Thirteen trials (in a variety of formulations) compared silver sulphate cream (in one form) with a dressing that was not silver. The results of these trials did not show a significant difference in wound infection. One study (in two silver-based dressings) showed a lower infection rate with a silver coated gauze (Acticoat®), but the remaining five did not find any difference. There is not enough evidence to say whether silver-coloured dressings or cream are effective in promoting wound healing or preventing wound infections. Some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests that it is the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus another. We found no difference in all-cause deaths between people with VAP who received either a monotherapy or a combination of antibiotics. However, we did find that carbapenems may be more effective than other tested antibiotics. We did not find a difference in clinical cure between the two groups. The quality of the evidence was very low for the comparison of monotherapy to a combination therapy. We downgraded the evidence to moderate for this comparison. There was no statistical difference in death from any cause between the groups, but we found that there was an increase in the clinical cure in the group treated with tigecycline versus imipenem. We also found that the group of people who received a single antibiotic was more likely to be cured than those who received two or more antibiotics. This effect was due to one study. We could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP, but the best antibiotics were carbapeneems. We rated the quality of evidence as low for death, adverse events, and length of stay in ICU. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019.
We included 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for drug restriction. Participants were most often elderly or low income people, or both, in drug benefit plans. Impact of policies varied by drug class, whether they were restrictive or not. When policies targeted gastric acid suppressant (a drug used to suppress acid) and non-steroidal (inflammatory) drugs, for example, there was a decrease in use of drugs, but no increase in the use of other health care services. Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives (e.g. statins) and statins led to more appropriate use of these drugs. When policies targeted the second generation (anti-psychotics) of drugs such as antipsychotic drugs, there were fewer people who stopped taking them, but more people used other health services. The effects on health were not measured directly. The review found that restricting access to drugs can reduce third-party drug spending, but it is not clear how this affects the health system and health effects. The review also found that policy design needs to be based on research quantifying the harms and benefits of the target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system effects. Health impact evaluation should be done where drugs are not interchangeable. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair distribution of health benefits, need to be measured.
The evidence is current to September 2015. We included 19 studies in the review. The studies included a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. One study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points. The same two studies reported on plaque. There were no differences between any of these interventions in plaque reduction at all points of time. Two of the studies reported dental decay at 6 months and 12 months respectively. There is no evidence available that any of the interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of plaque or gingvitis. Five studies compared some form of self-management versus professional OHA and found no difference between them. None of the other studies measured dental decay. Seven studies compared enhanced OHA with some forms of routine OHA, but there was little evidence available to support the use of these methods. There are too few studies to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of any specific one- to one OHA method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high-quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
Five small trials were included in this review. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo were included. One trial (40 participants) reported significant short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and total shoulder abduction. However, the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. A second trial reported that oral steroids provided a more rapid initial improvement in pain but the effect was not maintained by five months. A third trial reported no differences between oral steroids and no treatment. There were minimal side effects reported. No meta-analysis could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial. Available data from two placebo- controlled trials and one no-treatment control trial provides evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) of "Silver" level evidence.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality. Moreover, there was a high rate of attrition from the trials, which increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months, which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One trial contained data that could be used in a suitable form for quantitative analysis. No difference was seen between the use of tMS and sham tMS for ALS functional rating scale scores at 12 months follow-up. No adverse events were reported. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological problems and incomplete outcome data, there is not enough evidence to be sure of the benefits and risks of the use tMS.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1049 participants. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave better disease control at 1 month (1.0 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 293.70), while in another trial, clobetasol (a steroid) showed more disease control (in one trial) than oral prednisolone in people with extensive BP. No differences in disease control were seen for the use of different doses or formulations of steroids (one trial each), for tetracycline plus or without steroids, or for the addition of azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil to steroids. There was no difference in the number of deaths or adverse events in one trial. Chinese traditional medicine was not effective. Milder regimens are safe and effective in BP. Starting doses greater than 0.75 mg per day do not give extra benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease.
The review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve some symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, the quality of the trials was generally low. Some herbal medicines were not well tolerated, and their use should be interpreted with caution. More high-quality trials are needed to confirm the positive findings of this review.
We found 22 trials that evaluated LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. Most studies were of good quality. The drugs and doses evaluated were levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg, LNG (11 studies), LNG in doses less than the LNG dose (4 studies), and hormones other than LNG. Outcomes were pregnancy rates, stop-use rates, side effects, and acceptability. We found that LNG was reasonably efficacious, safe, and acceptable. Most women liked the pericoital LNG method, despite frequent menstrual irregularities. Most side effects were mild and not reported in most studies. Most reports were decades old and provided limited information. However, the evidence was of moderate quality. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the use of LNG as a primary means of contraception.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials with 561 participants. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, but two studies were from a much wider age range. The distribution of males and females in the studies was similar. In eight of the studies, there was a predominance of female patients. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients were included in this review. There was strong evidence of an effect of surgery on this outcome. There were no differences in the length of time that patients had to have their teeth fixed back in place with either a surgical or a conventional anchorage device. Seven of the 15 studies that fully reported this outcome were at high risk of bias. We found that surgical anchorage was more effective in strengthening the top of the first molar teeth by 1.68 mm (95% CI -2.27 mm to -1.09 mm). This result should be interpreted with some caution, as there was substantial variation between the studies for this outcome, and there was no evidence that any of the two methods was better than the other. No studies reported on harms. There is moderate-quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is more effective, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants) comparing statins with placebo or no treatment, and three studies (5547 participants) of two different statin treatments in people with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to combine data from 38 studies (37,274 participants). We found that statins reduce the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and MI by 20% in people who have CKD. Statins also reduce the risks of stroke and death by 20%. We did not find any evidence of harms from statin therapy. We could not combine data on the effects of statin treatment on progression of CKD because we did not have enough data. We are uncertain whether statins have an effect on kidney function. We found no evidence that statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function are well understood.
We found nine trials with a total of 379 participants. Nine trials evaluated the use of medicines to treat pain in children with cerebral palsy (CP) and OI. The trials were of mixed quality. Three trials evaluated intrathecal baclofen and two trials evaluated a type of botulinum toxin A. All trials evaluated bisphosphonate and pamidronate. No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used painkiller in this patient group. Pain was assessed in five of the eight studies. For the two ITB studies in CP, both found an effect on pain favouring the treatment group. However, in the two BoNT-A trials, there was no difference in pain between the two groups. The adverse events in the ITB trials were mostly in those who received the treatment and involved seizures. In the BoNT A trials most of the adverse events related to swelling at the pump site. In one trial, there were eight serious adverse effects. These included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. At follow-up in both BoNT and ITB the pain was no different in the control group. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent side effects in those receiving alendronate, but no side effects were reported in this trial. In conclusion, we were unable to determine the effects of medicines for pain in CYP with LLCs. More research is needed.
We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes. Four trials involving 1034 patients were also included in the analyses. No data were available from the seventh trial. There was low quality evidence from three trials that there was no effect of the drug on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD. However, there was some evidence that there may be a small benefit on behaviour. There is no evidence that latrepirdine has an increased risk of serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. This was mainly due to the small number of studies that we found and the small sample size of the included studies.
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC treatment on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrence of stroke in people with symptomatic blockage of the brain (intracervical blockage). We also found evidence that people with carotid stenting may have a reduced risk of stroke. However, we found no significant difference between RIC and non-RIC treatment for stroke severity. In people with acute stroke, the rate of death was increased by RIC, but no severe side effects were reported. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. We did not find any studies that compared RIC with no treatment, and we do not know if RIC is better or worse than no treatment. We do know that people who have had a stroke may be more likely to die or be dependent on other people for their care. We are not sure if this is due to RIC or other factors. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018.
We included six randomised controlled trials, involving 204 preterm infants, in this review. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased growth in weight, length, and head circumference. We did not find evidence of a clear difference in the rate of growth of skin fold thickness between those who were supplemented with protein and those who did not. There were no data on effects on long-term growth, body mass index (BMI), body fat, or brain development. There was no evidence of an increase in the risk of feeding intolerance. We could not tell if protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays, or to higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, meaning that the true effect may be different from what we found. This means that our results may be close to the truth, but there is a possibility that we could be wrong. We do not know whether protein supplementation has an effect on the length of hospital stay, or on feeding intolerance or necrotizing enterocolitis. We also did not know if it led to a change in serum albumin concentrations. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019.
The review includes 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Most studies compared PEMs to no intervention. One single study compared paper-based PEM to the same document delivered on a CD-ROM. The results of this review suggest that when used alone or in combination with no intervention, PEM may have a small effect on professional practice outcomes. We could not comment on which PEM characteristics may have influenced their effectiveness. There is not enough evidence to determine the effect of PEM on patient outcomes.
This review of 23 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) found that interventions for young women aimed at promoting sexual behaviours which reduce STI transmission can be effective. Most of the studies were conducted in the USA, in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning). The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, and provider. A variety of STIs were addressed, but none of the trials mentioned HPV or cervical cancer. There were no significant effects on abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. There was little or no difference in the rates of HPV infection or progression to cancer. However, behavioural change was common, though not universal. The interventions varied according to type of outcome. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
We found twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care, or conventional delivery of information. One study compared short-term brief therapy with cognitive behavior therapy. The results of these studies suggest that brief therapy may reduce relapse in the short term, and help people to take their medication in the medium term. People receiving brief therapy were less likely to be non-compliant with their medication than those receiving routine care. People in the brief therapy group were also more likely to comply with follow-up. People who received brief therapy did not have more relapses than those in the routine care group, but this was not seen in the long term. There was no difference found between the two groups in quality of life, nor in the death rate. There were no differences found in anxiety and depression. Social function such as rehabilitation status, social disability, and social functioning were improved in those who had brief therapy. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low. This means that the true effect may be quite different from the results of this review.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, who had not had recent exacerbations. One study (37%) included only people who had had a recent flare-up. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by drug companies. We rated the quality of the evidence as low. We found that LAMA+LABA had fewer flare-ups, better lung function tests, and a lower risk of pneumonia. We also found that people with COPD were more likely to improve their quality of life. However, these results were based on a small number of studies, and we cannot be certain of the results. We recommend that future studies should include more people, and should be larger.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. Study duration was from 7 to 16 months. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. All children were discharged from the emergency department without being admitted to hospital. One study of 15 children with mild croup, which compared the use of heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes, found that there may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes. There may not be any difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen for three hours. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup were treated with one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) for 60 minutes, or with heliox for 90 minutes. Heliox may improve croup scores in the short term, but may have little or no difference overall. We could not combine the results of these two studies because each one included data from only one study. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. The studies did not report on side effects, hospital admissions, or parental anxiety. We assessed the evidence in this review as of low quality, due to imprecision (small sample size) and high risk of bias (bias) related to the design of the studies.
The review of trials found that few individual red flags are useful in detecting vertebral fracture in patients with LBP. Based on evidence from single studies, most have poor diagnostic accuracy. When combinations of red flags were used, the results appeared to improve. It should be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates, and if acted upon uncritically, there would be consequences for the cost of care and outcomes of patients.
This review identified two randomised trials of urethral stricture treatment. The first trial compared the outcomes of surgery and urethroplasty in 210 adult men. No difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years, or in the median time to recurrence. The second trial, which compared urethrotomy and surgery in 50 men with a ruptured urethra, found that men were more likely to require further surgery in the first six months after treatment. After two years, 16 of 25 men initially treated by surgery were found to need further surgery. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of side effects. There were not enough data to be sure which treatment was the best. Well designed, large, multi-centre trials are needed.
The review of trials found that inhaled corticosteroids (budesonide, beclomethasone) and daily ICS were equally effective in terms of lung function, the use of rescue oral steroids and the rate of severe side effects. In children and adults, there was no significant difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more flare-ups. There was also low quality evidence that intermittent ICS was better than daily treatment in lung function and asthma control. There were no differences in the number of patients with serious side effects (e.g. asthma attacks) between the two groups. Both treatments appeared to be safe, but a small growth suppression was observed with daily treatment.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Dietary interventions may increase health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and may lower blood pressure and blood sugar levels. We found no evidence that dietary interventions had an effect on death from any cause, heart disease, or kidney disease. The studies did not look at the effects of dietary interventions on the number of people with heart disease and kidney failure. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018.
We found only one study that included 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months. Participants were randomised into three groups. The results showed that nebulised salbutamol was an effective treatment for young children with bronchiolitis. However, the results did not show that mist therapy was effective. The study did not report on adverse effects. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to inform practice regarding the use of steam inhalation or mist therapy.
We found four randomised controlled trials (1154 participants). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria. Most participants were established on a statin. The primary outcome in all studies was change in cognitive function. When we pooled data, statins did not have a significant effect on cognitive function from the start of the study. All studies provided data on change in Mini Mental State Examination. There was no benefit from statins in MMSE. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. The risk of bias was low for all studies. We found no studies assessing role of statin in treatment of VaD.
Four studies involving 149 participants were included in this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting on a total of 26 children with Charcot-Marie tooth disease. There were no significant differences in ankle range of motion between the two groups. One study assessed prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters, there was no significant difference in ankle movement. Increasing the dose to 1.5 mg a day did not result in any significant difference. One trial evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with achilles tendon tear. Surgery resulted in greater ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months, but there was little effect on functional outcomes. However, by 24 months, many boys in the surgical group had a relapse of tendon contractures. There is no evidence to support the use of any intervention to increase ankle movement in children and young adults with Chaire tooth disease. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing walking and upright versus recumbent or bed positions in the first stage of labour. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that walking and standing upright reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and did not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There is clear and important evidence that upright and mobile (walking and standing) positions are safe and effective for women in low-risk labour. Women should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomized controlled trials, but only two of them had a follow-up of six months. One trial that met our requirements involved 55 people with TOS of any type. The other trial compared a botulinum toxin injection (BTX) with a saline placebo injection. This trial had a low risk of bias. The first trial showed that the first rib resection was better than the second. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial, which involved 37 people with any type of TOS, compared a BTX injection to a saline injection. There was no significant effect of the BTX treatment on pain relief or improvements in disability. However, it did improve pain at six months' follow up. No adverse effects were reported. There is no evidence from RCTs for the use of other treatments. We found one study comparing natural progression with an active intervention. This study was of very low quality.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included in this review. A hand brace improved symptoms after four weeks, and function after six months. In two trials, ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not significantly beneficial. However, one trial showed a significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound. Four trials involving 193 people looked at various oral medications. Two trials compared oral steroids, splinting, yoga and carpal bone mobilisation. In one trial involving 50 people, steroid and insulin injections improved symptoms over eight weeks compared with steroid and placebo (fake) injection. One trial involving 51 people found yoga to be helpful for pain and function. In another trial, the use of ergonomic keyboards was compared to no treatment. In the other trial involving 21 people, muscle mobilisation was shown to be effective. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit. Trials of magnets, laser acupuncture, exercise and chiropractic care did not show benefit.
We found two randomised controlled trials that enrolled a total of 708 participants. The trials compared IVS with observation or no treatment. One trial enrolled 165 participants with CRVO-ME. The other trial enrolled 290 participants with the condition. The two RCTs enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein blockage. The evidence is current to August 2018. The trial in the CRVO group reported that participants treated with IVS were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual acuity compared with participants in the observation group. However, the trial did not report the results for a large proportion of the observation participants. In the SCORE trial, participants were treated with triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (n = 165) compared with observation alone. The results from the GENEVA trial indicated that the dexamethasone implant was not associated with improvement in vision after six months of treatment. Loss to follow-up was high with 10% in the corticosteroid groups and almost twice as much (17%) in the control group. A qualitative assessment of the results from GENEVA indicated that there was insufficient evidence to determine the benefits of IVS for individuals with CRVME. Adverse events were observed more often with intravenous steroids compared with no treatment in the IVS group. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
This review identified six randomised trials involving 394 patients. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant effect of intranasal steroids in improving the symptoms of nasal obstruction and adenoid size. The first trial showed that the treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (18.5 versus 8.5), and a larger reduction in mean adenoids/choana ratio (right, 14% versus +0.4%, P < 0.002; left, -15% versus -2.0%, P = 0.0006). The second four-week cross-over study showed that in 38% of patients (400 mcg a day) treated with placebo, the nasal obstruction score decreased by at least 50% from baseline. None of the patients treated with a placebo had such improvement. In the third trial, 77.7% (100 mcg per day) of patients treated for 40 days with mometasone (a steroid) showed a reduction in nasal obstruction symptoms and a decrease in the size of the nose. Adenoidectomy was avoided in 76% of these patients. The fourth parallel-group trial demonstrated that flunisolide (500 mcg) was associated with an improvement in the symptoms and size of nasal sinuses. In contrast, one trial (200 mcg in a placebo) did not find a significant reduction in symptoms nor in the nose size.
We found one randomised controlled trial involving 24 women. The study was conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive drugs, anticonvulsants (drugs to lower blood pressure) and steroids (drug to increase the amount of blood pumped through the veins) with a group of women who received an epidural block. The women in the group receiving epidural blocks were given 0.25% to 0.5% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour on continuous epidural infusion for six hours. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious complications (defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema). For the baby, these outcomes were: death: stillbirths (death in utero at or after 20 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (baby deaths plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths, deaths after the first 28 days; preterm birth (preterm birth before 37 completed weeks of pregnancy); and side effects of the intervention. Reported outcomes The study only reported on a single outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. However, the change in maternal diastolic pressure and systolic arterial pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not significantly different between the two groups. Currently, there is insufficient evidence from randomised trials to evaluate the effectiveness, safety or
We found 16 randomised clinical trials that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no treatment. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) gave us data for analysis. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, and had different stages of liver disease. Most participants were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the time of discharge from hospital, until they died or for at least one year. There was no evidence of any difference in death from any cause up to three months after randomisation, or in the health-related quality of life of participants. We are very uncertain about the effect estimate (very low-certainty) of no difference in the number of deaths due to any cause, serious side effects, and non-serious adverse events up to one or three months' follow-up after end of treatment. Based on the information that we collected from the published trial reports, only one of the trials seems not to be industry-funded, and the remaining 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events. As the CIs were wide, we could not rule out significant benefits or harms of glucocorts. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled clinical trials, designed according to the SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to CONSORT guidelines. Future trials ought to report depersonalised individual participant data, so that proper individual person data meta-analyses can be conducted.
We found four studies involving 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and interventions, controls and outcome measure designs varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool studies. We found no clear evidence of improved on-road driving skills immediately after training, or at six months. However, the use of a driving simulator may have improved visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition, that are related to driving. In one study with 73 participants, there was some evidence that people who received the simulator training were better than those who did not. There was not enough evidence to draw conclusions on the effects of the training on vision, other measures of cognition, and driving behaviour. We were unable to find any studies that looked at the effect of driving lessons on improving driving skills. At present, it is unclear which impairments that can influence the ability to drive after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution, as they were based on a single study. Adverse effects were not reported.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants. Mean ages of study participants were 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe (severe or very severe). Corticosteroid treatment was given for three to seven days for short-duration treatment, and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration (10 to 14 days) treatment. The studies did not include people with mild COPD. In four studies we did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure (a new event) between people treated with short and long courses of corticosteroids. In five studies we found no difference in risk of an adverse event (side effects) between the two groups. Time to the next flare-up of COPD did not differ in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferiority (time from the start of treatment to the end of treatment) and compared five days versus 14 days of long-course (three to seven day) treatment, but there was no difference between the groups in lung function. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate, which means that we have moderate or low confidence in the results of the studies. Further research is likely to change the results.
We found one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) that compared the effects of giving blood transfusions to people with MDS who had supportive treatment only. The one included study was published as an abstract only and contained only 13 participants. There was no difference in the number of deaths or red blood cell transfusions. The study did not report any anaemia-related complications (heart attack, stroke, heart failure, or kidney failure). There were no reported effects on quality of life. The quality of the evidence for all of the outcomes was very low. This means that we cannot be certain that the results are likely to be reliable. There is a need for more randomised trials to determine the best transfusion strategy for people with bone marrow failure.
The findings of this systematic review do not confirm nor refute the utility of games for teaching health professionals. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of games on patient and performance outcomes.
The review of trials found that lithium or antidepressants may prevent relapse in people with unipolar affective disorder. However, there was not enough evidence to be sure of this finding. There were also too few studies to be certain that lithium was better than antidepressants in preventing relapse. There is a need for large-scale, long-term trials in unselected groups of people.
We found two randomised controlled trials with a total of 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to treatment with amifostine versus control) that compared high dose iodine to placebo. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Both trials were funded by the drug manufacturer. We did not find any difference in the effects of the amifrostine on the salivary glands at three months. However, there was a small decrease in the uptake of technetium-99m scintigraphy (a test of thyroid gland function) in one of the two trials. Two patients in one study had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered and did not have further complications. None of the trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health- related quality of life, or costs.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years. Two of the studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU, and the third study compared a parent and clinician plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a control intervention. All three studies were of very low quality. The study designs were very different from each other, so we could not combine their results. Two studies found no differences between the groups, but found that children in the intervention group could use more targeted words or utterances with language targets in some contexts. The third study found gains in total-language measures after the intervention. One study did not find any differences in parent stress scores up to 12 months post intervention. In all three studies, the parents talked to and interacted with their children in different ways, and in one study most of the strategies were maintained at 12 months. No study measured parents' use of strategies outside of the group sessions. In one study, there was no clear evidence of language attrition in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the group. In the other study, mothers attended seven out of the nine group sessions, and four home visits. In summary, we found only three small studies. The sample sizes of each study were small, meaning that they are unlikely to represent the target population. The findings from these studies were not consistent. We need more well-designed studies, including RCTs, to evaluate the effects of parent-medicine interventions. These studies should be of good quality. Trials should use valid, reliable and similar measures of language development, as well as measures of other aspects of well-being, such as the children's health. Treatment fidelity needs to be documented. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we have little confidence in the results. Further research is very likely to have a major impact on our confidence in these results. This review highlights the need for good-quality studies to evaluate
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months of follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation on death and on serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), participants who had had heart valve surgery may have improved their exercise capacity. We could not assess the impact on other outcomes, such as return to work. We found no evidence on quality of life, and we did not find evidence on the impact of exercise on health-related outcomes. The quality of evidence was very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016.
We found five studies that compared meditation with usual care or usual care. Two studies evaluated meditation, and the others evaluated a range of palliative care interventions. The studies evaluated the effects of meditation and multi-disciplinary interventions. There was no overall significant difference in quality of life or well-being. However, there was some evidence that when meditation was used with massage in the medium term, it buffered against the effect of the treatment on quality oflife. In the studies that evaluated multi-ciplinary interventions, it is unclear if all participants received support from a chaplain (a member of the care team) or a spiritual counsellor. Moreover, in all the studies, it was unclear if the participants in the comparative groups were receiving spiritual or religious support as part of their care or from elsewhere. The quality of the studies was not high. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. There is a need for more research to be done to assess the benefits of spiritual and religious support for adults in the terminal phase of a disease.
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. Two studies with 45 participants examined the effects of tDCS versus sham tDCS on impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale. There was very low quality evidence that tDCS had no effect on change in global UPDRS score. However, there was some evidence of an effect on the motor subsection score, which is part III of a scale that is used to measure impairment. We found one study with 25 people that measured the reduction in the time people spent in the immobile off state with dyskinesia, but there was no effect. We also found one trial with 16 people that looked at the effect of the tDCS plus movement therapy on gait speed. There were no differences in dropouts or side effects between the two groups. We did not find any evidence of a difference in the number of people who died with tDCS. The quality of evidence for all outcomes was low or very low. This means that the true effect may be quite different from what we found. We do not know if tDCS is helpful for people with IPD. We need more research in this area. We rated the quality of the evidence to be very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results. More research is needed.
We included 12 studies in this review, all of which we judged to be at high risk of bias. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to very low. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (n = 32) and found no significant short-term reduction in pain. One small study (36 patients) compared thoracic sympathetic block with steroids, corticosteroid and local anaesthetic. Local anaesthetic injections into the subcutaneous space were found to be effective for reducing pain. Of the two studies that investigated the use of local anaesthesia as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes showed no benefit from LASb. Eight small randomised studies compared local anaesthetics to other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain between sympathetic block and other active treatment groups. Six studies reported side effects. The evidence is up to date as of February 2017.
We included all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared antivirals and corticosteroids in people with Bell’s palsy. Fourteen RCTs, including 2488 participants, met the inclusion criteria. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias. We included four new studies at this update. We found that the combination of antiviral drugs may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery. The rate of complete recovery was lower in people who received the combined treatment than in people given either placebo (a fake drug) or no treatment. For people with severe Bell's palsy, we found no clear effect on complete recovery. There was no clear difference in the rate of adverse events between the antiviral drug and the control group. We also found that people who were treated with the combined drug and placebo had less long-term disability. However, we could not be sure that this finding was due to the combination drug or placebo. We did find that people taking the combined drugs had less motor synkinesis (joint pain) or crocodile tears (swelling) in the long term than people taking placebo. There were also fewer episodes of the late sequelae of Bell‘s palsies in people treated with these drugs than in those who were given placebo. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This is because the number of studies was small and some of the results were imprecise. This means that we cannot be certain about the results.
We found two studies, including 97 women, comparing LHRH agonists with placebo (a pretend drug) or with another drug. One study compared the use of leuprorelin or treosulfan with a chemotherapeutic agent, and the other looked at decapeptyl compared with a placebo. Both studies were of very low quality. There may be little or no difference in overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival between the two treatment groups. Quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. The length of follow-up was 2.5 years, and side effects were probably more common in the treo-treated group. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. There was no information on side effects. There were no side effects in the deco-treatment group, but there may be some side effects such as nausea (nausea), vomiting (vomiting, diarrhea), nerve damage (tiredness), and neutropenia. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014.
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that compared inhaled nitric oxide (iNO) with placebo (placebo) or standard care. Ten trials compared iNO versus control. In these trials, iNO was given to infants with moderate or severe symptoms. Ninos 1997 studied infants with a hernia. In this trial, we found that iNO reduced the risk of death or the use of ECMO, but the number of deaths was not affected. In the trials that looked at the effect of iNO on the progression of the hernia, we also found that babies who were given iNO earlier were more likely to survive. Infants who were treated only if their condition worsened did not have better outcomes. We found that infants who received iNO at less severe criteria did not live longer than those who were enrolled, but they did not need more treatment. In summary, in these trials we found evidence that in babies with hypoxaemic (low blood oxygen) respiratory failure iNO may be effective in reducing death and the need for ECMO.
The aim of this systematic review was to evaluate the effectiveness of lumbar support for treating low-back pain. The evidence is current to May 2013. We found 15 studies, involving 14,437 people. Seven preventive studies (14,437 participants) and eight treatment studies (1361 participants) were included in this updated review. Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence from the preventive studies to suggest that there was no more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether there was any difference in effectiveness between the intervention and other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if there is any difference between the use of support and no intervention in the treatment of low-backs. There is moderate evidence that there is no difference between support and other interventions in the prevention of low back pain. It remains unclear whether there is a difference between these interventions in terms of effectiveness. There are still a need for high quality randomised controlled trials on the effectiveness and safety of lmbar supports. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of support.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters. The total number of participants was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients who were in intensive care units, oncology units and patients who needed long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinds, which was impossible in most studies due to the CVCs that were being assessed having different looks. Overall, we found that antimicrobial CVC-impregnated blood stream infection was reduced by 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence). We also found that the risk of catheter-related blood stream infections (CRBSI) was reduced 9%, 95% CI 12% to 7%, NNTBs of 11 (high quality evidence). However, there was no difference in the rates of sepsis, all-cause deaths or catheter related local infections (moderate quality of evidence). There was no clear difference between the impregnated and the non-imregnated groups in the rate of adverse events, including thrombosis (blood clots), bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness, at the insertion site. The magnitude of benefits for catheter impregnation varied according to the type of study. The results of this review are consistent with the findings of studies conducted in ICUs. However, we did not find clear evidence of benefit for other types of patients, such as those who required CVC for blood transfusion, or for those who were on a long course of parenters.
The review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials. The interventions took place in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. All the studies identified were nutrient supplements and educational interventions. The studies were conducted in urban slums or poor urban areas. Six interventions were adapted to the urban context, and seven targeted house, community, or'service delivery' through systems strengthening. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review found that all the nutritional interventions reviewed had the potential to decrease stunting, based on evidence from outside of slum contexts; however, there was no evidence of an effect of the interventions included in this review. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The main outcomes were length of life, low-to-moderate-food-related outcomes, and low- to moderate-food food-related outcome measures. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The included studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four studies were of moderate quality. Overall, the evidence is complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. The findings of this review should be taken into account when nutrition-specific interventions are proposed to address LBW and stunting in such environments. More evidence is needed of the effects of multi-sectorial interventions, combining nutrition-focused and sensitive methods and programmes, as well as the effects on nutrition-related behaviours of governmental, non-governmental organisations, and the business sector.
The review of trials found no evidence that foam dressings were more effective in healing leg ulcers than other wound dressing treatments. There was no difference in healing rates between foam dressers and hydrocolloid, polyurethane, or paraffin gauze. There were no differences in the proportion of people who experienced adverse events between the groups. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further research is needed, using methods that minimise the risk of bias and report the results clearly.
We found two studies that compared celecoxib and etoricoxib to placebo. One study (n = 159 patients) compared the COX-2 inhibitors rofecoxib (200 mg twice daily) to a placebo in 381 IBD patients who had rheumatological symptoms. The other study compared the two drugs to each other in 222 patients. Both studies were at low risk of bias. The results of the two studies were not pooled due to differences in patients and treatment duration. There was no difference in disease exacerbation and side effects between the two drug groups. After 12 weeks of treatment, the rate of IBD exacerbation was 17% (14 out of 82 patients) in the celecoxIB group and 19% (15 out of 77) patients in the placebo group. After two weeks of therapy, 4% (5 out of 112) patients experienced an IBD flare up compared to 6% (7 out of 110) of the placebo groups. No patients in either group died or had serious side effects. No side effects were reported in this study. The proportion of patients who experienced side effects was similar in the two groups. Side effects such as gastrointestinal (GI) side effects (e.g. increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding) and inflamed mucosa (mucosa). No patients experienced any side effects from the drugs. The two included studies were judged to be of good quality. However, it should be noted that both studies were small and had short durations. We need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients IBD IBD in order to avoid disease flare ups and other adverse effects. More studies are needed to determine the tolerability and safety of the drugs in these patients. We rated the overall quality of the evidence as low or very low due to the small number of studies and the short duration of treatment. This means that we cannot be certain about the results.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials with a total of over 2310 participants. The studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and short follow up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were infected. One trial included people who were not infected, and two trials included non-infected ulcers. The remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. We performed the following five comparisons: - Antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides) (based on five studies with 945 participants) compared with non-antimicrobial dressing (1) more wounds may heal with an antimicrobial dressing, (2) the use of a non-medication dressing may increase the number of wounds that healed, and (3) the risk of an adverse event. - Topical antimicrobials (i.e. silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan creams, chloramine, zinc hyaluronate, zinc sulphate, silver sulphate) (4 studies with 132 participants). The evidence was of low or very low certainty, and the 95% CIs spanned the proportion of wounds healed (3 trials; very low-certainty evidence), the resolution of infection (1 trial; low certainty), and the need for a surgical resection. - No adverse events were reported in either arm. The evidence on side effects or other outcomes was uncertain. - We found eight studies with 250 participants, but all of the treatments were different and we could not combine the data. We are uncertain of the relative effects of these treatments on wound healing. - The evidence for each of our review outcomes was of very low or low certainty. This means that we have little confidence in the results.
We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia in children by 13% and the number of children with pneumonia by 41%. However, we found no effect on the occurrence of pneumonia defined by a specific clinical test (e.g. lower chest indrawing). We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low.
We found ten studies including 33,179 participants that investigated the effects of vitamin A for preventing acute LRTIs. Vitamin A did not reduce the number of children who developed acute lung infections, or the occurrence of symptoms of acute lung disease, in the eight studies that reported this outcome. However, it did increase the incidence of cough, fever, and rapid breathing in two studies. Two of the studies found that vitamin A may reduce acute lung infection in children with poor nutritional status, but this result was not found in healthy children. Low-dose vitamin A was found to have fewer side effects than high-dose vitamins A. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of vitamins A to prevent acute lung diseases. Accordingly, vitamin A should not be given to all children.
Twenty studies met the inclusion criteria. Concomitant therapy varied from none to any bronchodilator (oral and inhaled) plus steroids. The results of these studies showed that theophylline has a modest effect on FEV1 and FVC, and slightly improves blood gas tensions. These benefits were seen in people with moderate to severe COPD. However, these benefits were only seen in studies where people were given a variety of other drugs. There was a very low drop-out rate in these studies. This suggests that most people recruited to these studies may have been known by the investigators to be theophyllanine tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of the studies.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials involving 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol. Three studies used a placebo (fake treatment) and seven used an egg avoidance diet. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. All studies enrolled small numbers of children, and used different methods to provide immunotherapy. The results of the trials showed that children who received immunotherapy had an increased amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events, and a complete recovery from egg allergy after one to two years of treatment. Most children (82%) were able to eat a partial serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of control group children. Fewer than half (45%) of children receiving oral immun therapy were able or appeared to be able to tolerate a full serving. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of children presented mild to severe adverse events during treatment compared to 6.8% of the control group. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. We found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up oral treatment. Overall, the quality of the evidence was judged to be low due to the small number of participants and events in the trials, and because some of the studies had problems with their methods.
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implant. Moderate quality evidence shows that aetiologic diagnosis is more likely to be made with an ILr implant than with a standard assessment. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that only two studies had considered death as a primary outcome. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that enrolled a total of 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to surgery or aspiration or both. All studies were at low or unclear risk of bias. The results of the studies were not consistent. There was no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups. However, there was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received sclerotherapy. One study showed that there was an increase in the number of patients with fever and infections in the surgery group. The cure rate in the short-term was similar in both groups. Only one study reported patient satisfaction, at three and six months; there was no difference between the groups. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. The number of infections was not increased in the surgical group but this increase was not significant. The frequency of pain was higher in the group receiving surgery, however we could not combine the results of these studies because of the different methods used in these studies. There is a great need for rigorous RCTs that assess the use of different types of sclerosant agents, the concentration of the sclerosing agent and the injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. The studies should be long-term and have sufficient sample sizes and follow-up. The protocols for all studies should register in clinical trial registries. These studies should also be of high quality. The reports of these trials should be consistent with international guidelines for trial reporting.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 40 children with tracheomalacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be of good quality. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trial compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo (a pretend drug) in children with airway malacia and respiratory tract infections. We found no significant difference between the two groups for the proportion of children who were cough-free at two weeks. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group. The average change in daytime cough diary score from baseline was also better in the control group compared to the nebuliser group, but the difference between groups was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) favoured placebo over nebulising rhDNase but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for the management of intrinsic trachealacia. It remains inconclusive whether the use of nebulisation of the trachea in children who have a respiratory infection worsens recovery. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these trials should include measurements of the respiratory system and physiological outcomes, in addition to clinical outcomes. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with the condition.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of psychological therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Fourteen of the studies compared forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) to usual care or waiting list care. The other studies compared CBT to enhanced or structured care. Five studies compared the treatment to enhanced care. Across the 21 studies, the mean number of sessions ranged from one to 13. The duration of follow-up varied from two weeks to 24 months. Most studies were conducted in healthcare settings and in the open population. The average age of the participants in the studies ranged from 40 to 65 years. Most participants had chronic somatoform symptoms at the start of the study. In all studies, most participants were willing to receive psychological treatment. However, most studies did not report on adverse events, so we cannot be certain about the effects of CBT on these outcomes. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants who are not willing to accept psychological treatments. It is unclear how large this group is and how this influences the relevance of CBBT in clinical practice. The number of studies investigating various treatment modalities (other than CBT) needs to be increased; this is especially relevant for studies concerning physical therapies. Future studies should include participants from a variety of age groups; they should also make efforts to blind assessors and to conduct assessment until at least one year after end of treatment. The overall quality of evidence contributing to this review was rated as low to moderate. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
We found 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared regional anaesthesia to no anaesthesia for preventing PPP beyond three months after thoracotomy. We included 63 studies in the review. We were able to combine data from 39 studies, involving 3027 participants. Evidence synthesis of seven studies showed that people who had an epidural anaesthesia were less likely to develop PPP three to 18 months after the operation. We could not pool data from four studies because the included studies did not examine them systematically. We found that there is moderate evidence that people with breast cancer may have a lower risk of having PPP after surgery. There is low-quality evidence that there may be a reduction in PPP in people who have a caesarean section. We did not have enough data to be able to pool data for adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. This means that we cannot be confident in the results. We need more high-quality studies to confirm these findings. We also need more research on other surgical procedures, such as limb amputation, repair of hernia, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of February 2016.
The review of trials found that some second-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, and olanzapine) may be helpful, but these results are based on single studies. There was no clear evidence that these drugs are helpful for BPD symptoms. There were few data on side effects. The review did not find any clear evidence to support the use of antidepressants in BPD treatment. The available evidence suggests that omega-3 fatty acids may have beneficial effects. However, these findings are based mostly on single study evidence. There is a need for further research in this area.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Of these, two trials were added for this update. Three trials were cross-over and four were randomised controlled trials. Two trials compared washout with no washout. We are uncertain if washout (saline or acidic) has an important effect on the rate of infection or length of time each catheter was in situ. Four trials compared different washout solutions: saline versus acidic (2 trials), saline versus saline (1 trial), and saline versus an antimicrobial (one trial). We are also uncertain if the type of washout solution (type of salt, acid, or saline) or the amount of salt or acid in the washout water (stronger or weaker) is important. Four studies reported on possible harmful effects of use of washouts, such as blood and changes in blood pressure. There were very few trials that met the review inclusion criteria. The high risk of bias of the included studies (high risk of systematic error) resulted in the evidence being graded as low quality. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations. However, this trial was not large enough to detect benefits from washout when compared to no washouts. The evidence was not adequate to decide if washouts are beneficial or harmful. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of this review, and 22 studies contributed the other objectives. We found substantial differences between the studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, and questionnaires used to assess fatigue. All included studies had at least one 'Risk of bias'. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and could not combine the results. So we present them descriptively. Eighteen of the 30 studies reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years, the prevalence ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In the same study, 13,952 survivors were aged 16 and over. In seven studies (1907 survivors), the prevalence was 1.8% to 35.9%. In two studies (252 survivors) that reported severe fatigue in brain cancer survivors, it was 14.6% and 21.1%. In one study (17 survivors), it was 0.0% to 10.3%. In four studies, survivors were more often tired than controls. We were unable to calculate the risk of fatigue for any of the reported risks and associated factors, because we could not conduct a systematic review. One study reported the course of fatigue over time, and found that 32 of the 102 survivors (31.4%) had persistent fatigue. They found that depression might be associated with tiredness. In contrast, age at diagnosis and education level did not seem to be linked to fatigue. It is unclear how many of the 18,682 survivors suffer from severe fatigue. The evidence in this review is weak. This is because the studies were of poor quality, and the results were not always consistent.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs in the control groups. In trials that compared a combination of topical (topical) and systemic antibiotics, there was a reduction in both RTIs and total deaths in the treated group. However, the risk of death was not reduced. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was not explored in the trials.
The review of five studies found insufficient evidence to support the use of PR in nursing homes and group dwelling units. One study in the nursing home setting found an increase in PR use in both groups. The other three studies found reduced use of prongs in the intervention groups. There was one study in group dwelling unit which found no change in the PR use. Overall, the studies were of low methodological quality. There is a need for more research in this area.
The review included four randomised controlled trials (416 women) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation with placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not use for analysis. The evidence is current to September 2014. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate (2 trials, 212 women). Our findings suggest that if the chance of live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate (two trials, 310 women). There was also insufficient evidence of any difference in multiple-pregnancy rate or miscarriage rate (one trial, 20 women). Neither of the trials reported OHSS or side-effects. The quality of the evidence was rated as low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. More research is needed. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorts in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles (until the day of oocyte retrieval) is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in the review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial compared placebo (a fake drug) to standard dose rhGH. Six trials lasted for one year. The trials showed that rhGH treatment may improve some of the lung function outcomes, but there was no clear difference between standard and high doses. There was some evidence that there was a change in fasting blood glucose with rhGH therapy, but this did not cross the clinical threshold for diabetes. We found that there may be improvement in height, weight and lean body mass. However, this was only reported in one trial. There is limited evidence from three trials in improvements in lung function. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side effects were observed in this review. None of the trials measured the cost of treatment. The evidence is current to September 2014.
We included 26 studies with a total of 1,695 participants in this review. These studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to the agent (e.g. using a mask, changing to another job, or using protective equipment) versus continuing exposure. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that reducing exposure may improve symptoms and lung function compared to continued exposure. It may also increase the likelihood of reporting absence of asthma symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared to continuing exposure, but may increase the risk of unemployment. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. More high-quality studies are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of workplace interventions for occupational asthma. Care providers should balance the potential clinical benefits of removal from exposure or reduction of exposure with potential detrimental effects on employment.
The review included six trials with a total of 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had nonerosive reflux disease. The average age of participants ranged from 48 to 57 years. Five trials investigated on-demand PPI use and one trial examined abrupt PPI withdrawal. There was no evidence to support the use of PPI for people with mild GERD. On-demand use may increase the risk of 'lack of symptom control'. There was low quality evidence that PPI may lead to a reduction in PPI pill use. However, the quality of the evidence was low. There were no data to make a conclusion about the long-term effects of stopping PPI. The quality of evidence was downgraded due to the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of participants.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated social skills training versus standard care, or discussion group. These trials included a total of 995 participants. We found that social skills programmes may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care and participants’ mental state results were better in the group receiving social skill programmes. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills (1 RCT, n = 67, RR 0.29 CI 0.12 to 0.68). Quality of life was also improved in the participants receiving social skills programme compared to those receiving standard care. However, when social skills were compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills programs can improve social functioning in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised trial.
We found only one study, at low risk of bias, that included 225 participants. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 participants with tophi) randomised to one of three arms: one group of participants was given pegloticase 8 mg every two weeks (biweekly) and the other group was given placebo (a fake drug). The results showed that biweekly and monthly infusion of 8 mg of the drug, in the subset of participants with peglosis, reduced tophi, but there was a high risk of adverse events in all participants. In the group that was given biweekly, 11 of 52 participants had to be treated for tophi in one or more tophi episodes, compared with 2 of 27 in the placebo group. Pegloticase treatment resulted in tophi resolution in 21 of52 participants, but this was not reported separately for those who had tophi. The number needed to treat for one tophi episode was 3. Most withdrawals were due to adverse events, mainly due to reactions to the drug. The results of the study showed that monthly infusion may be less effective, but the number of people withdrawing due to side effects was higher. The study also showed that the risk of side effects were high, with 80% of the side effects being due to flare of gout. This may explain the high rate of side events in those who were treated with the drug and not with a placebo. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
The review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria. In this review of the three eligible trials (including 2095 neonates), the oral treatment with IgG or an IgG/IgA treatment did not reduce the incidence of NEC, the need for NEC or death from NEC. There are no trials of oral IgA alone. Based on the available trials, the results do not support the use of IgG and IgA combined for preventing NEC. The review concludes that there is not enough evidence to support the routine use of oral treatment of IgA in preventing NEC in newborn infants.
The review of trials found that chemotherapy after hysterectomy reduces the risk of progression-free survival and overall survival. Chemotherapy may also be an alternative to radiotherapy treatment. The risk of recurrence outside the pelvis is reduced by 5% when chemotherapy is used in combination with radiotherapy. The overall risk of being dead at any time point (death at any stage of treatment) was reduced by a quarter. The analysis of pelvic recurrence rates is underpowered but the trend suggests that chemotherapy may be less effective than radiotherapy, but it may have added value when used with chemotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in poor- and middle-income settings, and sixteen in high-cost settings. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication programmes, for example reminders, information about smoking cessation while pregnant, or sexual health information. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experience the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical, and asked what people felt they would like from a digital health programme. Our results showed that clients' experiences of these programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them a message. They described sharing the messages with friends and family. However, some clients also pointed to problems when using these programs. Some clients had poor access to phone networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, lost their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some women and teenagers had their access to phones controlled by others. The cost of messages could also be a problem. Language issues, as well as skills in reading, writing, and using their mobile phones, could be problems. Clients with stigmatised health conditions, such as HIV, family planning, or abortion, were concerned that the messages sent to them could be used to conceal their health status. Some people suggested ways to deal with these issues, including: using neutral language, and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of the messages. People's views about who sent the message could influence their views of the programme. They also wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them. They had preferences for different delivery channels. They wanted new knowledge, reminders, and suggestions about health issues. People’s views about the way the programme was run could influence how they viewed it. We found that clients’ views could influence the way they used the programmes. For an overview of
The review of trials found that methadone is as effective as any other drug treatment in terms of reducing withdrawal symptoms and reducing relapse to heroin use. However, there is no difference in the number of people who completed treatment, number of abstinent at follow-up, or degree of discomfort for withdrawal symptoms. The review also found that there were more drop-outs and more severe withdrawal from the studies in the placebo group. The studies included in this review show that slow tapering of opioid use, with the substitution of long-acting drugs, can reduce withdrawal severity. Nevertheless, the majority of people relapsed to heroin.
The review of trials found that heavy sedation is no more effective than light sedation, but there is a higher risk of adverse events. There is no evidence that this form of treatment is better than reducing doses of methadone. The review also found that the cost of anaesthesia-based approaches to detoxification is high.
We included fourteen studies in the review. The studies lasted from very short (10 days) to three months. We found no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between molindone and other typical antipsychotics. However, we did find that it caused significantly more weight loss than typical drugs. There is no evidence to suggest that it has an atypical profile. The evidence is weak, owing to small sample size, poor study design, and limited outcomes.
We identified 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. They can be grouped into those including rucinol, hydroquinone, a cream, triple-combination creams, and a combination of tretinoin and fluocinolone. Triple cream was more effective at reducing melasma but not at lightening melasma. Azelaic acid cream (20%) was also more effective than 2% of the total dose of hydroquinone (4% versus 2%). Thiospot cream (2% versus 4%) was better than placebo (fake cream). The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient. The quality of the studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and the available treatments inadequate.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure (e.g. those undergoing surgery for the first time) and in eyes receiving surgery for their first time. Intraocular pressure was reduced in both the high-risk group and the surgery-only group. No significant change occurred in the low-dose group receiving 5-FU. There was no difference in the combined surgery group receiving either low or high-dose 5-FU. The quality of the trials varied between studies. The methodological quality of many trials was not high, and many were at risk of bias. Of note, only one study reported the low dose of 5-UFO and this paper was at high risks of bias because of the small number of participants in the study and the risk of reporting bias. This means that the results of this review may be biased. No evidence was found of an increased risk of sight-threatening complications, but other complications were more common. None of the studies reported on the patients' views of care. The results of the review should be viewed with caution because the included trials were small and the number of patients was small.
The review found that long-term use of inhaled steroids in COPD did not consistently reduce the rate of decline (more than six months) in lung function. There was no difference in the number of people who died. Longer term use of ICS reduced the average rate of exacerbations, but there was no reduction in mortality. ICS may slow down the decline of lung function, but this was not shown to be a significant effect. In the long term studies, there was an increased risk of pneumonia, in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event. The risk of side effects was increased in the ICS group, but the risk of hoarseness and candidiasis was not increased. Long-term studies did not show a major effect on bone mineral density. The review concluded that there is a need for more research in this area. Patients and clinicians should balance the potential benefits of using ICS for COPD (reduced rate of flare-ups, reduced rate of drop-out from the study, and reduced quality of life), with the potential side effects (oropharyngeal candidiasis (bronchodilator side effects) and pneumonia).
We included 80 randomised controlled trials with 5820 women. They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo (a pretend drug), paracetamol or each other. NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo. However, NSAIDs also caused more side effects. The evidence suggests that if 10% of women who took placebo had side effects, 11% or 14% would take NSAIDs. There was no evidence of a difference with regard to side effects between NSAIDs and each other, though data were very scant. Most studies were funded by the drug manufacturer. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons. This was mainly due to poor reporting of how the studies were carried out. There is not enough evidence to say which NSAID is the safest or most effective for the treatment of dysmenorrhoea.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low-level PEEP in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the volume of the PEEP was different in the high-level group. We found that there was no difference between the two groups in terms of the risk of death. Oxygenation was improved in both high- and low PEEP groups. The number of ventilator-free days was no different between the groups. We did not have enough data to be able to pool the length of stay in the ICU. The included studies were of poor quality. We were able to combine data from three studies, which showed that high-PEEP did not reduce deaths. The data also show that there is no difference in the chance of a blood clot in the brain between the high and the low-pitched noise of the high PEEP group. This review shows that the studies were not of high quality, and we were unable to pool their results.
This review included 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. The review found that HES products increase the risk of AKI and RRT in all patient populations. The risk of kidney failure was increased in the HES group compared to the group treated with other fluid therapies. There was no clear difference in sepsis-associated AKI between the groups. The quality of the studies was generally good. The current evidence suggests that there is a need for HES to be used in place of fluid resuscitation in people with pre-renal AKI. However, a safe volume of HES solution has yet to be determined.
We identified nine studies that enrolled a total of 682 participants with CKD. Seven of the nine studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment. Two studies compared it with captopril, a drug used to treat high blood pressure. We found no evidence to support its use in CKD patients. The evidence was of low quality. The studies did not report all outcomes relevant to this review, but seven of the studies were judged to be at low risk of incomplete reporting. Only minor side effects were reported in relation to the use of this drug. The results of this review do not support the routine use of RHEum Officinale in patients with low blood pressure and CKD, and there is no evidence that it is safe or effective. Further research is required.
We included 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals with dementia. We found that IQCODE can be used to identify older people in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia, and who need specialist assessment. It is more accurate than the short (16-item) and the 26-item tests, but not the language of administration. There was no difference between the short and long-term memory tests. The language of the test did not seem to affect its accuracy. The quality of the included studies was poor. There were problems with the way that the studies were carried out, which means that the results should be interpreted with caution.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT. These included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT), task practice therapy (TBT), dynamic elbow splinting, and occupational therapy. There was 'low quality' evidence for the use of MCT in adults with chronic stroke. There was no evidence that the effectiveness of MD rehabilitation in improving upper limb motor function and spasticity, up to six months after stroke, was better than a neurodevelopmental programme. There were no trials that explored the effect on 'passive function', carers' burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (treatment approaches, settings) of therapy, and the optimal intensities (types of therapy) of treatment for improving activity (active and/or passive function) in adults and children, in the short and long term, are unclear. More research is needed in this area. All three RCTs were of low quality. This means that the results may not be reliable.
We identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants. Two trials compared the use of lamivudine and HBIg with HBIG alone. A third trial compared combination treatment (lamvudine plus HBI g) with lamivudiudine, and a fourth trial compared the combined treatment with lamibutine and hibibutil (a drug used to treat chronic HBV) with a combination of lamvudaine and adefovir (drug) dipivoxil. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were sufficiently large to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed, since the trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence for the benefit of long-term combination treatment for patients with HBV following liver transplantation. We recommend that large randomised trials are carried out to compare the benefits and harms of different types of antiviral drugs to each of the monotherapy alone, including the newer antiviral treatments. The trials should be of high quality, and should be randomised at least once a year, to prevent the recurrence of HBV infection. The evidence in this review is up-to-date as of September 2014.
The review included ten studies involving 1019 participants who were followed between three months to 10 years. All studies had a high risk of bias. Sulphonylurea with insulin did not improve metabolic control more than insulin alone, at three months, at 12 months and at two years. In addition, there was some evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin (20 μg) helped to maintain fasting C-peptide levels. In one study (74 participants) using Chinese remedies, the effects of GAD65 were maintained after five years. There was no information on health-related quality of life, complications, cost or health service use. No adverse events were reported. There were no studies on oral agents or insulin.
The results of this review indicate that social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse do not seem to be of benefit to students. The effect sizes of these interventions were too small, and the effects were not consistent, for all misuse measures. Moreover, the effects of social norms on binge drinking and alcohol-related problems are not consistent. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for most of the outcomes. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. More research is needed.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented was of very low quality. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for people who received hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions to functional activities. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group. The study did not measure pain, function, quality of life, re-operations or total adverse events. The other study (265 participants; 303 THAs) compared the provision of hip precautions, equipment and restriction to functional activity versus not providing this. There was no difference in the number of people who had hip dislocations or in the rate of recovery, but we are uncertain if people who were not given equipment or restrictions were more likely to have one. We are also uncertain if those who were given hip precautions had a higher risk of having a dislocation than those who had no hip precautions. One trial (146 participants) looked at whether providing a postoperative education and rehabilitation service to promote functional ADL was better than a conventional rehabilitation programme in the community. We were uncertain if there was a difference in function at six months follow-up, or whether there was an improvement in pain, HRQOL or reoperations. The results of this study were not clear. The quality of evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of people in each study. We do not know if there is a difference between hip precautions and no provision of equipment, restrictions or restrictions after THA, and we are not certain if hip precautions are more effective than not providing these. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of a programme to help people to reintegrate back into their normal activities. More research is needed to assess the benefits and harms of different types of occupational therapy interventions. An assessment of the impact of pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL, and
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing LNG-IUD use with expectant management. Two trials showed a reduction in the rate of painful periods in women with endometriosis treated with LNG. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of satisfaction. One trial showed lower pain scores in the LNG group but this did not show a difference between groups. The number of women reporting a change in their menstrual cycles was higher in the group receiving LNG, but this was not significant. In one trial, women receiving an LNG had lower pain score compared with gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) drugs. However, this was a small trial and the results of this trial are not conclusive. There is limited but consistent evidence that postoperative use of LNG is beneficial. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with a total of 2,867 participants. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (14/24), with adult participants (17/24) and used between-participants designs (19/24). All studies were conducted mainly in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from three studies (n = 154) found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s): SMD 1.13 (95% confidence interval (CI) −1.90 to −0.37) (low certainty evidence). For consumption outcomes, the certainty of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results. Eighteen studies investigated proximity interventions. Most changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. Meta-analyses of 15 comparisons from 12 studies (1098 participants) found a moderate reduction in the consumption of foods placed farther away: SMD 0.65 (94% CI 0.29 to 0.01) (very low certainty evidence) (moderate reduction in its consumption). Meta-regression analyses indicated that this effect was greater: the farther away the product was placed; when only the targeted product(s) was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of bias. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying
We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating the effect of PEP on HIV seroconversion. However, we found one case-control study that compared PEP with no treatment. The study showed that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing HIV infection. There were no differences in the rates at which patients and staff were offered PEP after exposure to HIV, but there were fewer patients who stopped taking zidovudine. There was no clear evidence that a PEP regimen with two or more antiretroviral drugs had an effect on the rate of stopping PEP. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug regimens for PEP, but, due to the recent success of combination therapies in treating people with HIV, a combination of drugs should be used. Healthcare workers should be counseled about the expected side effects and the best ways to manage these.
The review found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain and mood, but not on pain or mood, when compared with control groups. CBT is effective in altering mood and catastrophising outcomes, but there is no evidence that this effect is maintained at six months. There is some evidence to support CBT for improving disability, but this is weak. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in this review. None of the initiatives were provided in low-income or middle-income countries. Ten of these provided sufficient data for us to be able to assess the impact of the interventions. Five of these showed a decrease in salt intake per person from before the start of the study to after the study, ranging from 1.15 grams of salt per day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams/day less (Ireland). Two showed a mean increase of 0.80 grams or more per person, but in both countries the data were from several years prior to the initiation of the intervention. The remaining five did not show a change. Seven of the 10 initiatives had more than one component, and incorporated interventions of a structural nature (e.g. food product reforms, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those, four showed a statistically significant mean decrease (from Finland to Ireland), and one showed an increase (from Switzerland to Finland). Nine of the 15 included studies measured the impact by sex (men and women separately). For women, three of these (from China, Finland, France, and United Kingdom) showed a reduction, four (Austria, Netherlands, Switzerland, United Kingdom), and two (both from Canada, United States) showed increased salt intake. For men, five (from Austria, China, France and United States), three of the five (in four countries) showed an average decrease, three (in three countries) did not change, and one (from four countries to four) showed no change. We did not find any adverse effects of these interventions. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for the main outcome. This was due to the risk of bias of the included studies, as well as the variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. As a result, we were unable to draw any conclusions about the effects of interventions for the reduction of
We found seven randomised controlled trials on treatments for sleep bruxism. All studies had small numbers of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline, bromocriptine (one study), clonidine (1 study), propranolol (2 studies), levodopa (one) and tryptophan (1 trial) were compared with a placebo. These drugs were compared to placebo. The results for each of the drugs were imprecise. We combined the results of three studies (three studies) and found that there was no difference or no difference between the drugs for the following outcomes: 1. amitriptypride versus placebo for masseteric EMG (EMG activity per minute), 2. bromo-riptine versus placebo (measured by the amount of movement of the brain) and 3. clo-tryptophan vs placebo for the number of bruxisms per hour. 4. levodoprope versus placebo. 5. L-teethypolol vs placebo. 6. Larger studies are needed to compare the effects of the medications on sleep. Adverse effects were frequent, such as drowsiness, sleepiness, difficulty awakening in the morning and sleepiness. In addition, people who took levodaprope were more likely to have a short-term low blood pressure. Clonidine was associated with shortness of sleep in three of 16 people in one study. The use of preventive drugs avoided any side effects in people with bruxis. There was a need to standardize the outcomes of RCTs to improve the results. There is a need for more well-designed, well-conducted, randomised clinical trials with larger sample sizes and longer follow-up time.
We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. All studies compared immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid), docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), and antioxidants (e.g. gamma-linolenic acid and gamma-alpha). All studies were conducted in adults with ARDS. We assessed some studies as having high risk of bias due to poor study design. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in a number of ways, including type and duration of interventions given, and the targets of the studies. We are uncertain of the effects of immunonut nutrition on death, length of stay on the ventilator, and oxygenation. We also are uncertain whether the use of an immunonut formula or supplements of omega 3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants can reduce the length of time spent in the ICU. We do not know whether the addition of supplements to an enteral formula increases the risk of adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low, which means that we are uncertain as to whether the results of this review will be reliable. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018.
We included 33 studies in this review. The studies compared different methods of elicitation. We found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs being detected compared to a more general enquiry. A subset of six studies suggested that more severe AEs were reported when more severe, bothersome, or otherwise relevant AEs, while some less severe or bothersome AEs only were only reported with a subsequent specific enquiry, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between the two methods. There was a risk that there may be under-detection of AE data in studies using more general questions. This could compromise the quality of the AE data. There is a need for more research in this field. We suggest that future studies should use clear methods to better understand how these methods should be used. Any chosen method needs to be feasible for use by both staff and participants. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare the methods used in the included studies limited our ability to draw conclusions about the impact of the methods.
We identified 582 records from the databases and search strategies. We found 10 further records by searching other resources. We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract) for inclusion in the review. We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract, and assessed 17 full-text articles. We included 15 studies. Eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP; five studies measured the sensitivity of devices to detect GTCS, but they did not directly measure SUDEP. Two studies assessed the risk factors for SUDEP, but not interventions for preventing it. One study is awaiting classification. This review found one case-control study that assessed the effect of the presence of nocturnal supervision on the number of people with SUDEP and 616 controls. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP found that people with epilepsy who were supervised by a supervising person had a lower risk of having SUDEP when they slept in the same room as the supervising people, or when special precautions, for example, a listening device, were used. This effect was found independent of seizure control. The number of deaths, changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life, and number of hospital attendances were not reported. The quality of the evidence for this outcome was very low. Further research is needed.
The review included seven studies with a total of 208 participants. Six studies enrolled people with cystic fibrosis who were clinically stable, whilst one study enrolled people who had had an infective flare up of their disease. One study was of parallel design, the other six were cross-over in design. The total study duration varied from four days and two years. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years, with a wide range of disease severity reported. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised forms of airway clearance. There were no studies that compared exercise with autogenic flow. The review found that there was no difference between any of the techniques in terms of the outcomes measured. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for this were the frequent use of a cross over design, high risk of bias in the design of the studies and the lack of blinding of the participants. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution. There is a need for further research in this area.
Twenty five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review. Psychological therapies, all using a CBT approach, were found to be more effective than TAU/WL for short-term treatment of GAD, and also for reducing anxiety, worry, and depression symptoms. No longer-term assessments of CBT were conducted. Six studies compared CBT with supportive therapy. No significant difference was found between CBT and supportive therapy at post-treatment. The body of evidence for CBT versus other psychological therapies is small.
The review of trials found that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women who have had three or more consecutive miscarriages. There was no clear difference between groups of women who received progestogen and those women who did not. There may be little or no difference in the rate of low birthweight. The trials did not report on any other important maternal outcomes, such as adverse effects on the baby. The quality of the evidence was moderate for most of the outcomes.
We found 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies compared MIB interventions vs. control. We found no studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if the included studies adequately controlled for bias within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in these studies as we were not able to assess the quality of the evidence. The included trials rarely captured outcomes for the mother and baby. For studies that did measure such outcomes, we found no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates (three trials, 264 participants), maternal toxicity (two trials), or low birth weight (one trial, 160 participants). The results did show that newborns remained in the hospital for fewer days after birth in CM and MIB groups. There were no differences observed between the groups in retention or abstinence (at the end of treatment) in any of the studies. There was no difference in the number of women with positive drug test results (three studies, 367 participants). Overall, we judged the evidence to be low to moderate quality. The evidence suggests that there is no difference between treatment with CM or MIB to address drug use in pregnant women who use drugs to treat substance use. However, few studies evaluated obstetrical or neonatal outcomes, and rarely did so in a systematic way. This means that it is difficult to determine the effect of such interventions on these outcomes. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate the effects of these interventions in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce the risk of short-term adverse events (i.e. during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up) and cardiac death. However, myocardial infarction was similar between both groups. There was no difference between the groups in terms of bleeding. The transradial method may have a lower procedural success rate, but may be associated with a lower risk of death, bleeding, and access site complications.
We identified two studies of palliative care interventions for people with dementia. One trial (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a care team for people who had an acute illness. In this trial, care was provided by a team of carers who were trained in the use of a decision aid. In the other trial (256 participants, each enrolled with a family carer) the carers were trained to discuss end-of-life options with a decision-maker in a nursing home. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because participants and carers knew which group they were in. We could not combine the results of the two studies due to the differences between them in terms of the interventions and the settings. We found no evidence that the intervention affected death in hospital, the number of people who were able to forgo cardiac resuscitation, or the quality of the care provided during admission to hospital. In one trial (90 participants), care was given by family carers to a group of nursing home residents who were caring for a person with advanced dementia. The decision-makers in this group were more likely than those in the control group to discuss the choice of feeding options, but the results were uncertain. There is not enough evidence to be sure about the impact of these interventions. There are six ongoing studies, which we expect to include in future versions of this review.
Three trials reporting two different methods of sequencing were identified. There were no significant differences in local recurrence, overall survival, relapse-free survival, or metastasis (cancer spread to the lymph nodes) between the various methods of sequencing for adjuvant therapy. However, there was a small increase in the risk of anaemia (low blood counts), telangiectasia (diffusion of blood), and pigmentation (redness of the skin). There was no difference between the two methods in terms of side effects. The results of this review are based on three well-conducted randomised trials.
We found nine randomised controlled trials involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, mainly delivered by health professionals, and had short-term follow up. Three of the studies were funded by drug companies. Three studies compared CrP with a combination of weight training or resistance training. The other three studies compared crP alone with a placebo. We focused this review on investigating which CrP dose would prove most effective in terms of body weight loss. However, we also looked at the effect of CrP on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be found. We noted an effect in favour of crP for body weight after 12 to 16 weeks of treatment: mean difference (MD) - 1.1 kg (95% CI -1.7 kg to -0.4); P = 0.001; 392 people; 6 trials; low-quality evidence). No firm evidence was found for body mass index, body fat composition, change in waist circumference or change in body weight. Only three studies reported on adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in people taking 1000 µg CrP, and one major adverse event in a group of people taking 400 µg crP. Two people receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one of these was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, illness, health-related quality of life, or socioeconomic effects. Overall, we found no clear evidence to support or refute the use of CRP in overweight or obese people.
The review of trials found that there is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparations for wound healing. Where some evidence was reported, it came from single studies with small numbers of participants. This means it is likely or very likely that the results of these studies may change when more research is carried out.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women in this review. These studies evaluated five different techniques during either amniocentesis or CVS. There was no conclusive evidence that any of them were of benefit. There were also no clear results for terbutaline tocolysis and use of a vacuum aspiration. The quality of the evidence was not high enough to change current practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use the methods and techniques they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard are welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants). Five studies were randomised trials (1182 people) and three studies were non-RCTs (1181 people). Two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (2,242,438 people). Six studies were conducted in middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one in a lower-middle country (Bangladesh), and three in a high-income country (Canada). Three studies included maize flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to seven years. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination for attrition and contamination. In one non-randomised trial, women consuming maize flour fortified with foli-acid and other nutrients were less likely to have neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele compared to women consuming unfortified flour. In two non-rCTs, serum foliate concentrations were higher among women who consumed flour fortification with folates and other minerals compared to those who did not. Haemoglobin or anaemia: in a cluster-randomized trial among children, there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on haemoglobin concentrations compared to no intervention. Women of reproductive age consuming foli acid-fortified maize porridge did not have higher erythrocyte folate or plasma folate concentrations or plasma folicate concentrations, compared to pregnant women consuming no intervention, or anaemic women. The overall certainty of evidence was very low or low for the following outcomes.
We identified six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 newborns with CF (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion in this review. Varying study designs, outcomes reported and summary measures prevented us from pooling the results of the two trials. The results of one study were analysed. Screening appears to improve lung function. Severe malnutrition was less common in screened participants. At age seven, 88% of screened and 75% of controls had lung function within normal limits. At diagnosis, chest X-rays were better among screened participants, but over time, chest radiographs were worse. Results were no longer relevant after adjustment for genotype, pancreatic (pancreas) status, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa (bacteria) culture results.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants, with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial compared the 'lower' blood pressure target (lower' < 120 mmHg) or'standard' target (140 mmHG) with the 'normal' target. This trial included 4734 participants. Despite achieving a lower blood pressure, and using more drugs to lower the BP, there was no reduction in the risk of stroke. There was a trend towards lower risk of death in the group with the lower target. There was no difference in stroke, heart attack or heart failure. End-stage renal failure was not reported. People with high blood pressure were more likely to have a serious adverse event if they tried to lower their blood pressure to less than the standard target. The quality of the evidence was low, mainly due to the small number of trials, small sample sizes and the small numbers of participants.
The review of trials found that non-removable casts are more effective than removable casts, or dressings alone in the treatment of plantar foot ulcers. In one study, the use of a device that lengthened the tendon of the foot (the Achilles tendon) was found to be more effective in healing ulcers than a non-reovable cast alone. Other comparisons were surgical debridement of the ulcers; felted foam dressings; and felted casts. None of these showed a significant treatment effect. The review also found that when combined with Achilles tendon lengthening, these devices were more successful in the healing of ulcers in the forefoot.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our inclusion criteria for the review. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training (n = 100), two of cognitive training and one of cognitive strategy training, one of meditation, and one study of physical activity intervention (19 participants) were identified. All five studies were of high risk of bias. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. We found that cognitive function and mental well-being were not improved by the interventions. Compensatory strategy training showed improvements on delayed- and verbal-memory, and self-reported cognitive function, but did not show a beneficial effect from this intervention on physical well being. The meta-analyses of two RCTs (95 participants) did not find any beneficial effect of the cognitive training on physical or mental well being immediately or two months after the intervention. The evidence for the effects of cognitive and meditation on cognitive function is uncertain. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. We need more research in this area.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, that randomised 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. We found that, in terms of global state improvement, there was no clear difference in global state between chlorpromazine and piperacetazine. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale, which is a tool used to assess the state of people's mental state. No clear difference was observed. In terms of side effects, the results of this review show that, although both drugs appear to be equally effective, there is no difference in side effects. However, the quality of the evidence is very low. We can not make any firm conclusions based on such data. No trial reported on negative symptoms or costs. More high quality research is needed.
The review found five randomised trials with 207 participants. The trials compared the use of stents with emergency surgery for the treatment of colorectal obstruction. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of the stent placements. There was no difference in the 30-day deaths between the two groups. However, the 30 day mortality rate was 2.3% in both groups. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group, 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. The complication rate was 39.22% with stents and 45.71% without stents. The total blood loss was 50 ml in the group of patients who had a stent and 350 ml in those who had emergency surgery. The mean time of hospital stay was 11.53 days and the mean procedure time was 17.15 days in both the groups.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin, HES or HES and mannitol (two trials) versus placebo (dummy treatment) or no treatment for OHSS. The evidence was up to date as of September 2014. The review found that human albumins reduced OHSS rates in women at high risk of OHSS, but the evidence was of very low to moderate quality. This means that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to 12%) with the use of intravenous albumin. However, there was evidence of a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates (seven studies 1069 high risk women, moderate quality evidence). If the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it would be about 32% (27% to 38%) without treatment. There was evidence that HES reduces OHSS by 5% (2% to 10%) in women with moderate to severe OHS (two studies, 272 women, very low quality evidence), but there was no evidence of an effect on the pregnancy rate (one study, 226 women). There was also evidence that there was a beneficial effect on OHSS in women who received HES, but this evidence was based on very few trials which need to be confirmed in additional, larger trials before they should be considered for routine use in clinical practice. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions, and there were no data on live birth rates. The quality of the evidence for all comparisons was very low. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment.
This review identified 10 studies involving 484 patients. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy of any one drug over another, but there was evidence that sclerotherapy was better than placebo. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any of the drugs compared with placebo. However, there was some evidence that patients were less satisfied with the treatment. The results of the studies did not support the use of sclerosant drugs to treat the lower limbs of the lower limb. There is some evidence to suggest that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% than at 0.5%. There was also some evidence suggesting that a sodium tetradecyl (STS) sulfate (a type of sodium salt) is more painful than POL, and that there is no evidence to support that a heparin (20% saline (20 units/mL) mixed with 20% saline) is better than a placebo. More research is needed to determine the best drug(s) to use and the best dosing to achieve the best results. The amount of available evidence in this field is small, and the quality of the research was poor. Future research efforts should include more demographic data and symptom measures, to allow for comparison with findings from observational studies, and should assess how various risk groups respond to treatment.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 241 participants. These studies compared different treatments for hyperkalaemia. The evidence is current to September 2015. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. Salbutamol administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. The peak effect of 10 mg nebulised salbutamolate was seen at 120 minutes and at 90 minutes for 20 mg nebulaised sal butamol. One study reported 1.2 mg salbutamicol via MDI 1.5 mg produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes. Intravenous (IV) and nebulized salbutamyol produced comparable effects (2 studies). When compared to other interventions such as insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline, insulin- dextrose was more effective than bicaarbonate but was not studied in any placebo-controlled studies. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of high levels of potassium in the blood. The effectiveness of calcium and potassium-binding resins and IV calcium salts has not been tested in RCTs and requires further study before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of high blood potassium levels is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes.
The evidence is current to August 2015. We included 29 studies, enrolling 4216 participants, in this review. The studies compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotics and non-antibiotic) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. However, only 30 studies, involving 3392 participants, contained enough data to be included in the review. Studies reported the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Antibiotic lock solutions probably reduce CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however the effect on the risk of developing a blood clot is uncertain (14 studies: high certainty evidence). The combination of antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions showed that both probably reduced CRI and risk of blood clots per 1000 CVC-days and probably made little or no difference to the number of days with thromboembosis (4 studies: 4 studies: 3 studies: 2 studies: 1 study: 1) compared to the control (control) lock solution (9 studies: 9 studies: 8 studies: 5 studies: 6 studies: 7 studies: 10 studies: 11 studies: 12 studies: 13 studies: 14 studies: 15 studies: 16 studies: 17 studies: 18 studies: 19 studies: 20 studies: 21 studies: 22 studies: 23 studies: 24 studies: 25 studies: 26 studies: 27 studies: 28 studies: 29 studies: 31 studies: 32 studies: 33 studies: 34 studies: 35 studies: 36 studies: 37 studies: 38 studies: 39 studies: 40 studies: 41 studies: 44 studies: 45 studies: 46 studies: 47 studies: 48 studies: 49 studies: 50 studies: 51 studies: 52 studies: 53 studies: 54 studies: 55 studies: 56 studies: 57 studies: 58 studies: 66 studies: 67 studies: 68 studies: 69 studies: 73 studies: 74 studies: 76 studies: 77 studies
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pre-emptive treatment with placebo or standard care to prevent CMV disease. Of these, six RCTs looked at the effects of treatment of CMV when the CMV had already developed (standard care) and eight looked at treatment before CMV infection (anti-CMV therapy). One study reported on oral (given by mouth) and intravenous (through a vein) treatment. We found 15 studies with 1098 participants. The evidence from these studies is up-to-date as of April 2015. Pre-emptives compared with placebo (or standard care) or standard treatment did not reduce the risk of CMCV disease but did reduce the number of participants who experienced acute rejection or death from any cause. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. Leucopenia (inflammation of the mucus membranes) was significantly less common with pre-prevention therapy compared with prophylaxis. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. The quality of the included studies was considered to be moderate to high. All studies were considered to have a low risk of bias for attrition bias. Only one study reported adequate blinding of participants and personnel; no study reported blinding of outcome assessment.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared sweet potato preparations with placebo (fake treatment) or no treatment. The trials involved 140 participants. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. There was no significant difference in glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. No serious side effects were reported. There is not enough evidence to recommend the use of sweet potato for the treatment of type 2 diabetic mellitus, and further studies are needed to guide clinical practice.
We found 19 studies (440 participants) comparing the active cycle of breathing technique with other airway treatments. Five studies (192 participants) were randomised controlled studies, three of which were cross-over studies (studies where people were allocated at random to receive one of two or more treatments). The remaining 14 studies were not long enough to be able to assess the effects of the intervention. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, such as lung function, sputum weight, and quality of life, so we cannot be certain that the results are reliable. Most studies did report on all planned outcomes, and most of these studies had adequate follow-up. However, there were two longer-term studies (one to three years) that did not provide enough data for us to be sure of the results. There is not enough evidence to support the use of the active cycles of breathing for people with cystic fibrosis to help them clear their airways. More research is needed. We found that there was no difference in lung function or in the number of people having a flare-up of lung disease between people who received the breathing treatment and those who did not. There was also no clear difference between the groups in terms of preference of the breathing technique. There were no differences in the proportion of people who were satisfied with the treatment. No significant difference was seen between people receiving the breathing treatments alone or in conjunction with other treatments. There are too few data from studies to be certain about the effect of the treatment on lung function. We recommend that more studies are done to more clearly compare the effects on outcomes that are important for people. These studies should be of long-term duration.
This review identified eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 733 women. These trials compared brief co-incubation with standard insemination. The evidence from these trials was of low quality. This review has shown that the use of sperm and eggs for IVF may improve the ongoing pregnancy rate for infertile women. There was no difference in the chance of live birth between the two methods. More RCTs are needed to assess whether brief coingling of the sperm and egg would contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate.
The review of trials found that babies born with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Long IT was associated with an increase in the risk of air leaks and death before discharge from hospital. However, these results should be viewed with caution, because the studies included in this review were carried out before the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant, and the use of synchronised modes of ventilation. Most of the studies had single pathology (HMD) and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons, such as meconium aspiration, and congenital heart disease (lungs with normal compliance).
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed. Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across studies. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. TFU has been applied in many patient groups, but there is a lack of evidence about the effects of TFU. No adverse effects were reported. Overall, the studies were of low methodological quality. There was not enough evidence to conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We found 38 trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, case management, and behavioural interventions. The trials were conducted in a wide range of disease areas, countries, healthcare settings, and community settings. For 34 of the trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires. For four trials, the number of participants remaining in the trial. There was no good evidence that the addition of monetary incentives, an offer of a non-monetary incentive, or a 'enhanced' letter, letter or reminder, or questionnaire question order increased or decreased the rate of response/retention. Most of the retention trials were based on the results of a single trial. Although each was based on a single study, some strategies that seemed to be more effective than other strategies, such as recorded delivery of questionnaires and a package of postal communication strategies with reminder letters, appear to be better than standard procedures. A telephone survey seems to be either more or less effective than an incentive and a questionnaire. There is no evidence to support the use of telephones to collect information for the trial questionnaire. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution. There were few evaluations of ways to improve people's return to trial sites. Some strategies that we found in single trials appear to have some promising results. However, further research is needed to confirm or refute these findings.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants. Six studies are awaiting classification, and one is completed but has not yet been published. Seven studies reported the primary outcome. Eight studies provided data related to more than one secondary outcome. We found no differences between the devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airways because there were very few events. More time was required for an airway to open using pLMA than using cLMA. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes, mainly due to issues with blinding and imprecision. Data were not enough to allow us to estimate differences in the number of people who had problems with the device. None of the studies reported on nausea and vomiting. We concluded that the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway has a better seal and therefore may be more suitable than the Classic larynx airway for the use of positive pressure ventilation. However, we are not certain about the effect of the device on other outcomes, such as use of an alternate device, sore throat, nasal symptoms, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were included in the previous review. Fourteen trials recruited children with irritable bowel syndrome; five trials specifically recruited only children with this condition. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Most of the studies were conducted in paediatric gastroenterology clinics. All trials had a follow-up of one to five months. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience a reduction in pain at zero to three months postintervention. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the probiotics group. There were no clear differences between the groups for pain at the same time point. However, we found that the quality of the evidence for these outcomes was low due to the small number of children in the studies. We also found that fibre-based interventions were not more likely than placebo to be effective. We were unable to combine the results of the trials for the other outcomes that we wanted to assess, such as school performance, social functioning, and quality of daily life. We judged the evidence to be of moderate to low quality. The studies were too different from each other for us to be able to combine their results. We could not combine the data from the studies for the main outcomes of pain, quality of life, and school performance. We did, however, find evidence that probiotics may be effective in improving pain. The evidence for this outcome was of moderate quality. There is no evidence to suggest that probiotic interventions are more effective than no probiotics for improving pain in children with RAP. The quality of evidence was moderate for pain, but low for other important outcomes. The main limitations of this review were the small numbers of studies and participants, as well as differences in the way that they were conducted and reported.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. The findings from the five trials with bias outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. The median difference (SMD) for the three trials (394) with continuous outcomes was -0.25, with SMDs ranging from 0.85 to -1.31. The 19 trials (N = 3176) with the same outcome had median SMDs favouring the intervention, at the same time periods: 0.38 (immediate, 1 week to 2 months), 0.49 and 2.40. SMDs for prejudice outcomes were 2.94 (95% CI -3.52 to -2.37) to 2.99. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Data on secondary outcomes were sparse. Cost data were provided on request for three studies, and did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies (455 and 802) contained statements about adverse effects and neither reported finding any. Mass media interventions may reduce prejudice, but there is insufficient evidence to determine their effects on discrimination. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. Our review found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. Such research should use robust methods, report data more consistently with reporting guidelines and be less reliant on student populations, as most of the included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. More research is required to establish the effects of mass media interventions on discrimination, to better understand which types of mass
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, and 17 studies explored views of healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries. These studies were conducted in rural, urban and semi-urban settings. We found 52 findings in total. We grouped these findings into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context (11 findings), service design (24 findings) and what matters to women (17 findings). The third domain was split into two conceptual areas; personalised, supportive care, and safety. For women, initial use of ANC depends on their perception that doing so will be a good experience. Women’s perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their general beliefs that pregnancy is a healthy or a risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant. For healthcare providers, access to ANC for women depends on the provision of enough staff and resources, as well as the time to provide flexible, private appointments. Such access also depends on organisational norms and values that value kind, caring staff who make effective links with local communities, and who respect women's belief that pregnancy was a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Healthcare providers need to have sufficient training and experience to do their job well, and to be paid an adequate salary. They need to take the time they need to provide relevant support, information, and clinical safety for the woman and the baby. They also need to ensure that women and their families do not have to pay informal fees for services. The quality of the evidence is high, meaning that we have high confidence in the results.
The review of trials found that oral nimodipine reduces the risk of poor outcome and second ischaemia. However, the results for 'poor outcome' are based on a single large trial of oral use of the drug. There is no evidence for other calcium antagonists. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent, but more studies are needed before definite conclusions can be drawn. Intravenous use of calcium blockers cannot be recommended for routine practice. More research is needed to determine the long-term benefits and risks of calcium antagonists in patients with SAH. The evidence for the use of nitric oxide (NO) is not beyond all doubt, but there are potential benefits and modest risks of this treatment.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 739 children. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk. The first updated search identified additional follow-up data for one of these studies. The second update identified an erratum for this study. We found that myeloablative therapy seems to work in terms of survival. There was a significant difference in event-free survival between the treatment groups. However, there was no evidence of effect when additional data were included. There were no data on quality of life. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. The results of the individual studies were not univocal in all studies. All studies had some methodological limitations. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The main limitation of the review was the small number of children included in the studies and the fact that the age of the children was changed from one year to 18 months. It should be kept in mind that recently the age cut-offs for high risk disease have been changed from 18 months to one year. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease (i.e. stage of disease and patient age) have been included in high-risk groups. Survival rates may be overestimated due to the inclusion of patients with intermediate risk disease. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease in the treatment group compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference between the two treatment groups was identified. No information was reported on quality-of-life. No definitive conclusions can be made regarding adverse effects and quality-life, although possible higher levels of adverse effects should be taken into consideration. A definitive conclusion regarding the effect of myeloablation in different subgroups is not possible. This
We identified eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with primary hepatocellular cancer was 22% to 85%. Follow-up was 12 months. The average follow-up duration of the trials ranged from 2 months (2 months) to 38 months. All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the certainty of the evidence as low. TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause (7 trials; low-certainty evidence), and tumour response (complete response plus a partial response). Data, from one trial, favoured the TACE group, but the results were not clearly defined. We are uncertain of the results of the non-serious adverse events. The risk of adverse events was the same in both groups. The rate of participants with a higher rise of serum bilirubin (a blood protein) without decline or normalisation (AFP) was higher in the Tace group (2 trials; very low- certainty evidence). We are very uncertain of these results. None of the studies reported serious side effects. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018. The quality of evidence was low to very low because of the methodological weaknesses in the included trials, resulting in low-to-very low certainty. High-quality trials are needed.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had better growth up until three months of corrected age. The other study compared different levels of formula but identical feed volume for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-defined feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, lung function, or oedema. To date, no trials have examined the effects of increasing the energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD. More research is needed. The benefits and harms of various ways to increase energy intake, including higher density of milk feed and/or fluid volume, parenteral nutrition, and the use of various constituents of energy, protein and fat for this purpose need to be assessed.
We found 13 studies enrolling a total of 2341 participants (2360 procedures). The quality of evidence was very low or low for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome, femoral vein, and high at best for two outcomes. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias, and the number of studies was small. For the subclavian vein, we found that two-dimensional ultrasound may reduce the risk of inadvertent arterial puncture, haematoma formation and blood clotting. However, there was little or no difference in total or other complications. No data on deaths or participant-reported outcomes were provided. No evidence was found of a difference in the number or number of attempts needed to insert the catheter, the time taken to insert it, or in the success rate. For femoral veins, there were fewer data for analysis, and we did not find a difference between the two techniques. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmarks are uncertain.
Fifteen studies were included. Four studies, 29 people, used an intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people used an oral form; four, 1456 people used a controlled release form; and one study, 181 people used verum skin patch. The results from two of the four studies of the controlled release method apply only to a group of patients who had been identified as responders. The best dose of physostigmine (mean 33 mg/day) was associated with an improvement in the ADAS-Cog score compared with a placebo at 12 weeks. There were more patients withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events (22/183 vs 2/183). There were also higher numbers of patients withdrawing due to at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating. There was no benefit on cognition. The lower dose (mean 5.7mg/day), which is the most widely used form of the drug, caused more people to withdraw from the study due to side effects. The higher dose (12 mg or 12 mg) led to more people suffering stomach cramps, nausea and vomiting. The evidence is limited.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of heart disease, two trials recruited people with history of stroke. One trial recruited a mix of people with CVD and CVD. The trials compared fibrates with a placebo (dummy drug) or with no fibrate. We found evidence that fibrations can prevent the risk of stroke, death from any cause, and death from vascular causes. There was no increase in adverse events. The risk of bias was moderate. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018.
The review of trials found that giving TA (in addition to uterotonic medications) to women at low risk of high blood loss after elective CS reduced postpartum blood loss and prevented PPH and blood transfusions. The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 1000 mL was more pronounced in the group of women having CS than in women who had CS. Mean blood loss was 77.79 mL less in women receiving TA versus placebo (no intervention) and this effect was similar following birth and CS. Mild side effects were more common with the use of TA. There was an increase in the incidence of mild side effects. There is not enough evidence to be sure about the effect on the risk of death, severe complications and thromboembolic events. The quality of evidence was also as assessed by GRADE. Overall, the included studies had moderate risk of bias for the design of the trials. This means that the results may not be reliable.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) to include in the review. The studies compared amantadine with placebo (a pretend drug) or with zanamivir (a drug used to treat influenza A). The studies were conducted in children and elderly. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of the review do not indicate that amantADine and rimantadines compared to control (placebo or paracetamol) could be useful in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of influenza A in children or elderly. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with either amantAdine or rimantDine. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drugs was not well established.
We found nine randomised controlled trials, which included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IVF and in two studies they were trying to conceive from sex. We are uncertain about the effect of endometrial injury on live birth/ongoing pregnancy rates. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. We found that women undergoing endometric injury may have more clinical pregnancy rates than women undergoing no intervention or a sham procedure. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main reasons for this were that most included studies were at a high risk of bias and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted randomised trials are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (3905 participants) in this review. The studies all compared professional oral care with usual oral care. We did not pool the results of one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped due to lack of clear difference between groups. We found no high-quality evidence to show which oral care methods are most effective for reducing nursing home pneumonia. We were unable to determine whether the use of oral care resulted in a lower rate of pneumonia-associated mortality. We also could not be sure whether or not oral care led to a lower number of new cases of pneumonia in nursing homes. There was no evidence to suggest that there was a reduction in the risk of death due to pneumonia. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. We rated the quality of evidence as low or very low, meaning that further research is likely to change our conclusions.
We found five randomised controlled trials (149 participants) that compared bismuth subsalicylate with placebo, budesonide versus placebo, mesalazine plus cholestyramine and beclomet asinine dipropionate with or without mesalamide. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (patients and their doctors knew which treatment they were receiving). Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo (2 studies; 57 participants) for induction of clinical response (1 study; 88% of budesonides; low quality evidence). Oral biopsy results show that patients treated with a biopsy of the lymphoma (bismuth substoma) were more likely to have a response to the biopsy than those treated with placebo. The results of this review show that budesonid may be effective for the treatment of active lymphoma. This benefit needs to be proven by a large placebo - controlled trial. The study which compared budesonidis with placebo was judged as low quality due to a very small sample size and limited data. There were no differences in the clinical response or histology between patients receiving bismutid versus placebo. Forty-six patients were enrolled in the trial studying beclometricasone dipropinate (5 mg or 10 mg daily or both) versus mesalidine (2.4 g/day) for 8 weeks. There was no difference in clinical or histological response between the two groups at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment. No adverse events were reported in this study. Side effects reported in the budesonidine studies include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in the mesalamine study. No side effects were reported for the bizutid study. Adverse events in
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3259 randomised patients. Intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months. Nine trials compared SMBG with usual care without monitoring. One study compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with SMUG, one study compared the effects of SMBG and SMUG with the usual care. One trial was a three-armed trial that compared SMBG and SMU with the control. The other trials were small and had a low risk of bias. We found that SMBG can have a small effect on blood glucose control in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, this effect is not statistically significant. There were few data on well-being, quality of life and general health-related health. There was no evidence that self-watchful self-management had an effect on patient satisfaction, health- related well-health and general well being. The studies did not report on morbidity. We conclude that, when diabetes duration is over one year, there is no evidence to support self-watching of blood sugar in patients who are not using insulin. Furthermore, we conclude that the overall effect of self-worsening of diabetes is small up to six months after the start of the study and subsides after one year.
We found eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD. Eleven different psychological interventions were studied, but data from only five of these were available from 276 participants. Most of the studies were of poor quality. Only two studies looked at the same group of people: those who had been drink-driving, and those who were not. Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; CBT plus treatment as usual; and the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program' with incarceration) appeared to be more effective than the control group in terms of improvement in at least one of the outcomes. However, there was no evidence that any of these interventions had an effect on aggression. No study reported on the effects of the interventions on any specific antisocial behaviour. There was no clear evidence to support the use of any specific psychological intervention for people with AsPD. Further research is urgently needed.
This review included 11 studies with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed data on the common cold. Five studies contributed to one or more analyses on the acute purulent rhinitis. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods and because a large number of people were not included in the studies. One study contributed to data on adverse events. There is no evidence of benefit from the treatment of common cold in children or adults. The review found that antibiotics cause significant side effects in adults and in all ages. Routine use of antibiotics for common cold is not advised.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 162 participants. Three were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years. One study declared funding by a pharmaceutical company. One trial assessed long-term azithromycin treatment (500 mg per day) versus vitamin C. We did not perform a meta-analysis, because the trials were too different. We found only five trials (N = 162), which assessed the effects of penicillin (50,000 units per day in three doses) versus no treatment (six weeks of treatment, with eight-week treatment). The trials did not measure our primary outcome, time-to-resolution. None of the trials measured our secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse. We are uncertain about the results of this review. We rated the quality of the results as very low, due to risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and their caregivers) and imprecision (single studies with low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain of the findings. One three-armed trial (43 participants) looked at the effect of antibiotics for GUTT. The studies did not look at the proportion of participants who achieved clear skin. The results did not show a difference between groups in terms of clear skin, but there was no clear or almost clear skin in one trial (20 participants) that looked at a comparison of two antibiotics, rifampicin (300 mg twice a day) and placebo (14-day treatment duration). The results of the other two trials were not clear. One of these trials (50 participants) did not report side effects (10 out of 30 had nausea and a mild abdominal upset). One trial (30 participants) compared rifamatin with vitamin C, and found no difference in the number of people who had side effects. The proportion of people with clear skin at the end of treatment was not measured.
We identified 12 studies enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven studies tested vitamin D₃, and one study tested a supplement called vitamin D¬₂. The evidence is current to September 2016. Vitamin D⁃ had no effect on recurrence of relapse, worsening of disability, and MRI lesions. VitaminD�o did not increase the risk of serious side effects or fatigue compared with placebo. One study (158 participants) reported that vitamin D reduced fatigue compared to placebo at 26 weeks' follow-up. The other study (71 participants) found no effect of vitamin D on fatigue. Seven studies reported on cytokine levels, four on T-lymphocyte proliferation and one on matrix metalloproteinase levels, with no consistent pattern of change in these immunological outcomes. The randomised trials included in this review provided no data on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, percentage of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. To date, very low-quality evidence suggests no benefit from vitamin D for patient-important outcomes among people with MS; vitamin D appears to be safe, although available data are limited. Effects on health-related quality of life and fatigue are unclear. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review. The overall quality of the evidence was very low, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 62 studies in this review, with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design, which means that participants were randomly assigned to one or more treatment groups. Fifteen studies compared Mm/r with morphine immediate release (MIR). Fourteen of these studies compared morphine in different strengths. Fourteen studies used different ways of giving morphine. Six studies compared oral morphine with other opioids. Three studies used MIR by different methods. Two studies used oral morphine in combination with MIR. One study was found comparing each of each of the following: oral morphine tablet with Mm-r suspension; oral morphine tablets with non-opioids; MIR with other drugs; and oral morphine (in addition to morphine) with epidural morphine. We found seven new studies for this update. We excluded six, and one study is ongoing so is not included in this update, so we will not include this review in the next update. This review shows that morphine is an effective pain medicine for people with cancer. Morphine is the most widely used opioid in the world, but the number of studies is small. Most studies were of poor quality. Only a few reported how many people had good pain relief. Where pain was reported, over 90% had 'no worse than mild pain', which is an outcome that is equivalent to 'treatment success'. Where results were reported in 17 studies, this was achieved by 96% of participants. Eighteen studies showed that people had pain relief of at least this level. No study reported that people did not achieve good levels of pain. There was no difference in pain relief between people taking morphine and people taking MIR, and pain relief was similar in both groups. The effects of morphine were similar in people taking both morphine and MIR for 12- or 24-hour dosing. The effect of morphine on pain was similar for both acute and long-term dosing, and was similar to that of other
We found 14 trials, with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years, and the majority of participants were women. The average duration of symptoms in the studies ranged from three to 15 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery compared with steroid injections (two studies); open surgery plus steroid injection (one study); percutaneous (under the skin) surgery (five studies); steroid injection plus ultrasound guidance (one) versus open surgery (one); endoscopic (surgery through the skin through the nose (one; one); and transverse incision of the skin (two) versus transverse (head-to-head) incision (one). Most studies had design flaws and were considered to be at high risk of bias. The evidence was of low or very low quality. The main comparison was between open surgery and steroid injection, because open is the oldest and most widely used treatment method, and considered as standard surgery. We are uncertain whether the first-line treatment for trigger finger pain is open surgery. There was low-quality evidence that open surgery may be less likely to cause recurrence of symptoms, but it is more painful. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, mainly due to study design flaws, inconsistency, and imprecision.
The review of trials found three trials, with 931 participants, that tested different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy, and temozolomide (TEMO) chemotherapy. None of the studies blinded people or personnel, and, therefore, the studies were at high risk of bias. One of the trials, which compared RT plus PCV with RT alone, showed an overall survival (OS) benefit of 3.5 years for people with AO or AOA. However, this result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation, biomarkers, such as codeletions of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q, IDH-1 or -2 mutation, and the use of biomarkers for OS, were independent prognostic factors. In two of the RCTs (RTOG and EORTC), these markers were predictive for OS. In the third trial (NOA-04), they were prognostic for progression-free survival. Early PCV appears to be effective for AO and AOA patients, but PCV is associated with significant grade 3 and 4 side effects. It is unclear if PCV can be substituted for this.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years. The trials compared intranasal corticosteroids with placebo (dummy treatment) and oral montelukast with placebo. All trials were performed in sleep medicine clinics. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three trials (n = 137) compared the use of steroids against placebo; two trials, n = 103, compared a combination of intranaxolol (a steroid) and montelucast (an anti-inflammation medication). We excluded one trial from the review because the patients were not randomised. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI between the two groups. We also had concerns that the results of one trial were not reported in detail. The certainty of the evidence was low for AHI and high for the other outcomes. In addition, we are uncertain whether there is a difference in the number of children who have apnoeas, coughs, and wheezes, as well as in the oxygen saturation of the airway, compared to those who received a placebo. We found that children who took montelukaast had a lower AHI than those given a placebo, but we are not sure whether there are any other differences. The evidence for the effect on the desaturation index and the level of oxygen in the blood was low. In summary, we found that there is not enough evidence on the effects of the treatment on the AHI, oxygen saturation, and other outcomes in children with OSA. There is some evidence to support the short-term use of montelaukast for the treatment of OSA, but more research is needed. There are no studies on the long-term side effects of treatment for OSA in children.
We included six studies in this review. Five studies investigated the prevention of VTE in children with CVCs. Three studies investigated systemic treatments (low molecular weight heparin, antithrombin and/or warfarin) and one study compared one systemic treatment with another. All six studies were conducted in children and adults. We found no significant effects of systemic treatments in preventing VTE. We also found no differences in adverse events (such as major or minor bleeding) between study groups. None of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, heparins (drugs that reduce blood clots), death, removal of CVC due to VTE, or CVC-related infection. In one study, we found a reduction in VTE with the use of LMWH to add AT supplementation. However, this result was not statistically significant due to the small number of children in the study, which could be a result of the lack of power of the study. In two studies, 22/68 (32.4%) children with a CVC were diagnosed with VTE and 30.7% with no CVC. In the experimental group, 1 of 68 (1.5%) children (1/68) was diagnosed with symptomatic VTE as were 4/114 (3.5%). In the control group, 3.5% of children (4/114) were diagnosed. The analysis of these studies also showed that asymptomatic (symptomatic) VTE was less likely to occur in children treated with LMWH, but not with AT, and that there was no difference between the two groups in terms of adverse events, such as major bleeding. One study provided information on adverse events: None occurred. We concluded that there were no significant differences in the occurrence of symptomatic, symptomatic and CVC related VTE between studies. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the risk of serious adverse events such as
We identified three trials with a total of 287 participants. The first trial of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the risk of neurological deficits in the lower extremities in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. Paraplegia or paraparesis was observed in 9 (12.2%) of the control group and 2 (2.7%) of those receiving CSFD. In the second trial of 33 participants, CSFD was used to repair the aneurysm. It showed a significant reduction in the rate of neurological deficit. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation, and from three to 22 days in 10 participants (32%). CSFD did not prevent spinal cord injury. The third trial of 145 participants used CSFD to repair a TAAA. The CSFD repair was performed for 48 hours after surgery. There was no difference between CSFD and controls in the number of participants with spinal cord injuries. Overall, the results of the three studies showed that there was an 80% reduction in postoperative deficits. For CSFD only trials, the OR was 0.57 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.28 - 1.17) and for CSFD-only studies, it was the same. There is no evidence to support CSFD for the prevention of postoperative neurological deficits. Further studies are needed.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials with a total of 662 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that NB-UVB is not effective for treating CPP, and a small trial did not detect a difference between NB- UVB and topical PUVA for clearing CPP. In three other trials, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, there were significant differences in favour of oral PUVA: RR 0.91, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.63 to 1.32; N = 51; low quality). In one trial, the difference in PASI 75 was not statistically significant between the two groups: RR 1.01 and CI 1.12. Pooled data from these three studies indicated that withdrawals due to side-effects were not significantly different between either group (RR 0.71 and CI 0.20 to 2.54; respectively). The evidence from the comparison of NB-UNAB with bath PUVA in terms of clearance rate for CPP was also inconsistent: Pooled results from two left-right body comparison RCTs found no significant difference between these two treatment groups (RR 1.79 and RR 6.91; respectively: low quality), while a parallel RCT favoured the bath approach. In participants with PPP, one RCT found there were no significant differences between the treatment groups for treating both treated and untreated sides of the skin. Re-NBUVB and re-PUVA are similarly effective for treatment people with CPP or GP. In practice, it may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. No studies reported our primary outcomes of interest for the comparison with conventional UVB. Current evidence is very heterogeneous and needs to be interpreted with caution. Larger prospective studies are needed.
The review found that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone. Adding electrical stimulation to electrical stimulation may have an effect on the outcome of treatment. There was not enough evidence to be sure whether there was a difference in outcome between any of the methods. There were some suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training may be better than sham training. Sacral nerve stimulation may be more effective than conservative management. However, this is not clear from the limited evidence. The review found no evidence that sphincter exercises were more effective. There is a suggestion that some of the techniques, such as the use of an implanted nerve stimulator, may be effective in the management of people with incontinence. More well-designed trials are needed to allow safe conclusions.
The review found 39 randomised trials that compared the use of a catheter with not using one. Most were small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on few outcomes. The data from five trials suggested that people were at higher risk of needing to be re-catheterised if they did not use the catheter after the operation. In six trials, more people had to be recathected if a urethral catheter was used after surgery. In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggested that fewer people needed to be treated for infection when a catheters were removed earlier. However, there was no difference in the number of people who needed a recatheterisation. In a single small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed a greater risk of urinary tract infections.
The review of trials found that aripiprazole is effective in the treatment of manic mania, but its use leads to movement disorders and gastrointestinal disturbances. It is not clear whether it is better than other medicines, such as valproate, or that it is more effective than lithium. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2013. Aripipazole is an effective treatment for mania in a population that includes adults, children and adolescents, although its use causes movement disorders. Comparative trials with medicines other than haloperidol and lithium are few, so the precise place of aripidine in therapy remains unclear.
We found three studies that evaluated the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments on CVC-related infections. Two studies evaluated urokinase lock treatment in addition to systemic antibiotics (n = 56) versus systemic antibiotics alone. One study evaluated ethanol lock treatment plus systemic antibiotics against systemic antibiotics only. No RCTs or CCTs were published on antibiotic lock treatment alone. We found no evidence of significant difference in the number of CVCs that were cured, number of people who had a CVC infection, the length of time that the CVC was in the ICU, the need for further treatment, or the risk of sepsis. No adverse events occurred in these studies. The cohort studies identified no adverse events. However, some cohort studies reported CVC malfunctioning. More well-designed studies are needed to further explore the effects of the use of antibiotics or other locks in the treatment of children with cancer.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions to help people with whiplash. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence from one trial that an educational video of advice to activate was more effective in relieving acute pain, but not long-term pain. There is low quality evidence (one trial, 102 participants) that a booklet on advice focusing on action is less beneficial for pain reduction or no different in improving function, global perceived improvement, or both from generic advice given out in emergency care. Self-care strategies: There was no evidence of benefit or no difference for self-care for pain relief, but there was some evidence that exercise training for chronic neck pain did not relieve pain. Advice on pain & stress coping skills, workplace ergonomics, and workplace stress-coping skills: None of the studies showed benefit for any of these interventions. Self care strategies: One study found no benefit for self care for neck pain. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for the following interventions: advice on how to activate, advice on stress-easing skills, and advice on self care. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition. Of the 15 selected trials, three were rated low risk of bias.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to evaluate the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk, and to support them subsequently. No studies meeting the study design criteria were found for inclusion in this review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature were included in the review. The results of this review are based on a thematic synthesis, which is an overview of the literature on the best way to communicate with people at risk. The thematic syntheses shows that communication may be considered as a multi-phase programme, ensuring that information and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education about access to health care for those at risk, are in place. It shows that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm. There is not enough evidence to determine the best approach to communication.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) and placebo. After 12 weeks of treatment, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. There was no difference between the groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake, or naps. The quality of sleep was improved in both groups. Quality of life was also improved. There were more adverse events (gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache) with opioids than with placebo. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014.
Fifteen trials involving 1022 adults were included in this review. All of the trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation. There was some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsally displaced fracture of the distal radius. Although there is insufficient evidence to confirm a better functional outcome for the external fixation group, there is some evidence that it reduces redisplacement of the fracture, improves anatomical results and most of the excess complications are minor. There is not enough evidence to be able to say whether external fixation provides a better overall functional or clinical result. There were a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but most of these were minor. Probably, some complications could have been avoided by using a different technique for pin insertion.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1127 patients) that compared the incidence of UTI and MUC in people who had their ureter stents removed early versus those who had them removed late. We found that early removal of the stents may reduce the occurrence of UTIs, but it is not clear if there is a higher risk of MUC. It is uncertain if early stent removal improves MUC, as it is uncertain whether there is an increase in MUC if the stent is removed later. However, if a stent was used, there was no difference in UTI rates between the groups. We did not find any difference in health economics (costs) and quality of life outcomes. The quality of the included studies was low or unclear. We rated the certainty of the evidence as moderate for UTI, low for MUC and low for other outcomes.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings. Two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations. One study compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique (a technique to treat tooth decay) with non-restorative caries treatment. In the two studies, all teeth had undergone pulp treatment prior to the crown being placed. The third study compared two types of crowns: PMCs (fitted with the Hall technique) versus a set of white veneers. There were no studies that compared different methods of fitting crowns (i.e. Hall technique versus conventional technique). One study (11 participants) compared a crown fitted with a stainless steel veneer (stainless steel) with a white one. It was unclear whether there was a difference in the risk of gingival bleeding (blood in the gums) between the two groups. The quality of the evidence for crowns versus fillings was low to moderate. There was no evidence that crowns were more likely to fail or be more painful than fillings (low quality evidence). There was also no evidence to suggest that PMCs were more discomfortful than filling. There is not enough evidence to know if crowns are more or less painful than filling for tooth decay.
We found 28 studies (involving 788 participants) that compared PEP to other airway clearance techniques. Most of these studies were of variable quality. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, while in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used. In three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. These studies compared PP to ACBT (across-the-breath therapy), autogenic drainage, oral PEP devices, high-speed chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP (a type of exercise). We found that people using PEP for at least one year had a lower risk of having a lung attack than people using other methods of airway clearing. We found no difference in the number of lung attacks between PEP and the other methods. However, there was no clear evidence that PEP had an effect on lung function. We also found that there was a reduction in lung attacks when PEP was used with a mask. We did not find a difference in terms of side effects between the groups. In one study, it was reported (by the patient) that there were no side effects with PEP. People's preference was reported in 10 studies; and in all these studies, this was in favour of PEP over other ways of clearing the airway. The results for the remaining outcome measures (such as mucus clearance) were not reported in enough detail to provide high-quality evidence. There was limited evidence on side effects. In a study where infants were given a PEP or PDPV, some infants had reflux (reflux), but this was more severe in those in the PDPv group. In PEP compared to oscillating PEP, side effects were only reported in the flutter group (five people complained of dizziness, which improved after further instructions on how to use the device). In one long-
We found four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. Most of the participants were adults over 18 years of age. All studies included participants with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. CZP was shown to be superior to placebo for achieving remission at week 8. The mean age of participants ranged from 65 to 77 years. The average duration of the studies ranged from two weeks to three months. The quality of the evidence was moderate for achieving clinical remission and achieving clinical response at week eight. In addition, the average number of participants achieving remission was 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the placebo groups, respectively. In summary, we found moderate certainty evidence to support the use of corticosteroids to induce remission and achieve clinical response in participants with active Crohn’s disease. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73.7%) of participants in the control group and 6.2% (40.2%) in the CZPs group, respectively, as well as in 40.2%, 30.9%, and 30.3% (30.9%) of patients in the treatment groups. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events differs between participants receiving CZp and those receiving placebo as the 95% confidence interval (CI) includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. The evidence is up to date as of August 2015.
We found 112 randomised controlled trials (23,762 participants) that assessed the effects of treatments for heart failure in people with CKD. Of the 31 studies with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years. In total, 26 studies included data on 19,612 participants. In acute heart failure, we found no data on death, hospitalisations, worsening of heart function, or quality of life. We found no evidence that treatment with adenosine A1-receptor antagonists (ACEi, ARB, or serelaxin), dopamine, or nedocine had an effect on death. In chronic heart failure we found that beta-blockers may reduce the risk of death. Treatment with ACEi or ARB may decrease the number of people admitted to hospital. We did not find any evidence that aldosterone antagonists (ARB, ACEi, or ACEi) had an impact on death (any cause) or on hospitalisation. We could not be sure whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors (SNI) reduces the need for blood transfusions. We were not able to estimate whether the use of steroids (sinus nodes) or drugs (vasopressin receptors) increases the risk for people with heart failure due to lack of evidence. We are uncertain as to whether drugs (e.g. drugs that slow down heart rate) or block blood flow, or drugs that block blood vessels, have any effects on death or hospitalisations. We do not know if treatment with drugs (anti-drugs, drugs that stop the heart rate, drugs which slow the heart rhythm, and drugs that change blood flow) has any effects. We cannot be sure about the effect of drugs (drugs that slow the blood pressure, drugs) on people with kidney function. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2017.
The review of trials found three studies involving 1945 women. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no babies died. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external) for the outcomes of the mother or her baby. The risk of the baby being admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit was not different between groups. There was no difference in the risk of hyperstimulation between groups, but there was some evidence of a greater risk of forceps extraction. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean birth, ventouse and forceps extract) was not significantly different. There is not enough evidence to recommend the use of one form of monitoring over another.
We included two trials involving 54 participants with CVI. Both trials compared exercise with no exercise in people with chronic leg pain. We were unable to combine the data from the two studies as they used different scales to measure the intensity of symptoms. In one study, the exercise group had a higher change in ejection fraction (i.e. the amount of fluid in the legs) compared with the control group. In the second study, there was a decrease in symptoms in people who did exercise. One study showed an increase in half venous refilling time and total venous re-filling time in the group of people who exercised. However, this study did not report on quality of life or ankle range of motion. Although muscle strength at slow speed was similar between the two groups, peak torque at fast speed was lower in the study group. We could not assess the incidence of venous leg ulcers or the need for surgical intervention to treat symptoms. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias. Due to the small number of studies and the small sample size, we were not able to be sure that the studies were of high quality. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of the evidence to be very low. More research is needed.
The review of trials found that viscosupplements are an effective treatment for OA of the knee with benefits in terms of pain, function, and global assessment, at different post injection time points but especially at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. In general, there were few adverse events, but HA products had more local adverse events. HA products also had more long-term effects than intra-articular (IA) corticosteroids. However, there are few trials that have compared different HA products and so readers should be cautious in drawing conclusions about the relative value of different products.
We found 10 randomised clinical trials with a total of 4052 participants. Four trials (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with a dummy drug (placebo), and two trials (1787 women) compared 800 mcg to 1000 mcg of sublingual misostrostol. The trials were too small to assess impact on the primary outcome measures. Adjunctive use of the drug in addition to uterotonics did not provide additional benefit for the outcomes of maternal deaths (risk ratio (RR) 6.16, 95% CI 0.75 to 50.85) or serious maternal illness (RR 0.34, 95%) or admission to the intensive care or hospital. The review suggests that oxytocin infusion is more effective and has fewer side effects in women with primary PPH. The role of tranexamic acid and lower segment compression in the treatment of PPH is not clear. We did not find any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological treatments for women who are not responding to uterotonic therapy.
We identified six randomised controlled trials. Five small trials evaluated short-term supplementation of cysteine-containing PN. One large multicenter RCT evaluated N-acetylcysteine supplementation of PN in preterm infants (≤ 1000 grams). The majority of these trials were preterm. The evidence from the five small trials showed that the use of a PN that contains cysteines improves growth and retention of nutrients. However, the evidence from one large trial did not show that the addition of a large dose of N-acetic acid to the PN improves growth, retention, or survival. The risk of death by 36 postmenstrual weeks was not significantly affected, nor were the risks of bronchopulmonary disease (BPD), death or BPD, eye problems (revision), retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), severe ROP, or necrotizing enterocolitis (indigestion) requiring surgery). The evidence was limited by the small number of trials and by the fact that most of the trials were of short duration.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials (3829 participants) included only participants with NAFLD. Five trials included people with diabetes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided. We found no evidence of difference in the number of people who died, serious adverse events, or quality of life between people who received bile acids and no intervention. There was no difference between the two groups of people in the trial which reported the proportion of people with serious adverse effects. None of the trials reported health-related quality. The evidence was of very low quality. This means that we cannot be certain about the results. We are uncertain about the effectiveness of these treatments. There is a need for large, well-designed randomised trials to assess the effects of these therapies.
In total, 1282 participants with MCI were identified in the 15 included studies, of which 1172 had data. The studies followed participants for one to three years. The CSF t-tau test was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90%, while the specificity values were 48% to 88%. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because there were few and small studies. Six studies (164 cases and 328 non-case) evaluated the accuracy of the CSF p- tau. The sensitivities were between 40% and 100%, and the specificities were between 33% and 95%. Five studies (140 cases and 293 non- cases) looked at the sensitivity of CSF test of p-Tau/ABeta ratio. The sensitivity was between 80% and 96%, and it was not possible to combine the results from these five studies. Only one study (128 cases) reported the quality of the studies. We were unable to assess the effect of these tests for ‘the other dementias’, as they had not been studied in the main studies. Our findings are based on studies with poor reporting. According to the assessment of the test domain, eight of 15 studies were of poor quality. The main reasons for this were unclear risk of bias in the way that the studies were carried out. A significant number of studies were thought likely to be biased for the reference standard, source of recruitment, participant sampling, and index test methodology.
We found three randomised controlled trials involving 170 participants. All included participants were male. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met the criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) physical classification scores. We found one ongoing trial. All three studies were small, single-centre studies. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2016. We did not find any studies that addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, as all studies had small numbers of participants and provided unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostatectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
We included 14 studies in this update, with 1,601,515 study participants. The evidence is current to September 2016. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes. These outcomes included: mode of delivery, congenital abnormalities, preterm delivery, foetal death, low birth weight, and low Apgar score. We found no association between maternal use of topical steroids and adverse pregnancy outcomes such as low birthweight, pre term delivery, or congenital abnormality. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of the baby dying (low quality evidence), but we did not observe this effect when potent to very potent topical steroids were given during pregnancy. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of high birth weight in women who received potent to moderate steroid doses. This update provides stratified analyses based on steroid potency. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We downgraded the quality of evidence because of imprecision in the number of babies that died and inconsistency in the results of the studies.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met the inclusion criteria of this review. The total number of participants was 611. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroid and with or without steroid treatment. These trials had follow-up periods of two months to one year. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study. The pilot study showed that the time to re-epithelialization was 53% slower in the steroid group, but did not show a difference in the time it took for the cornea to heal. None of the other three small trials found any important difference between the two treatment groups. One trial found that more patients in the control group developed IOP (eye pressure) in the treatment group. The largest trial did not report quality of life. We did not find any reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the four trials were well-designed, all trials had considerable losses (10% or more) to follow up. Further, the trials were too small and had problems with their design to be able to detect treatment effect differences between groups. We conclude that there is not enough evidence as to support the use of steroids as an adjunctive treatment to corticostimulants for people with bacteria-infected eyes. More research is needed.
We included four trials with 450 participants. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous vascular treatment. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found no evidence from these trials to support the use of percutaneously administered blood thinners for ischaemic stroke. There was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. At the end of follow-up, there was a non-significant increase in the percentage of participants who died in the Percutaneous-Vascular intervention group. The quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We found one study, involving 120 families and 143 children. The study was conducted in high-income countries. It compared centre-based day care for children younger than five years of age and their families versus no treatment (care at home). The study provided very low-quality evidence. No evidence suggested that the use of day care services, rather than no treatment, improved or worsened the development of children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale (GRDS), a test of mental and intellectual development), or psychosocial development (the parent's report of abnormal development). No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development, or employment of parents, were reported. This study did not report on the effects of the care on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one study that provides inconclusive evidence as to whether or not day care is beneficial for children with special needs. We need more research to answer this question.
This review identified 126 reports describing 30 histologic scoring indices. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of validation. Three of these have been fully validated. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index, in particular, have undergone the most validation. However, none of the other histologic scores have yet been fully tested. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is required.
We included three randomised trials that compared nailing versus plating in 213 people. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada and Australia. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, meaning that their results may not be reliable. Overall, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, which means that we are very unsure about the results. Although the pooled results of three different measures of foot and ankle function indicated a small difference in favour of nailing (standard mean difference 0.28, 95% CI -0.02 to 0.59; 172 participants, 3 trials), the results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing, but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have reoperations after nailing. Similarly, pooled data for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured plating but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no important difference in pain between the two groups. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the risk for re-operation or risk of complications between nailing and plating, and the addition of evidence from two ongoing trials should inform this question in future updates. There is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of
We included 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment, and three compared different systolic blood pressure targets. The risk of bias varied greatly between studies. We found that BPLDs reduced the risk of recurrent stroke in people with stroke. We mainly observed a reduction in risk in the subgroup of people using a diuretic (ACE inhibitor). The pooled risk ratio (RR) was 0.81 for recurrent stroke, and 0.90 for major vascular event. The pooled RR of intensive blood-lowering interventions (a blood pressure target) for people with a stroke or TIA was 1.0. We did not find a difference in the risk for dementia. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018.
This review of four randomized controlled trials, lasting 4 to 26 weeks, showed that B-sitosterols can improve urinary symptoms and flow measures. Three trials used B-salt and one trial used 100% B- sitosterol (WA184). The trials did not show a significant reduction in prostate size. Withdrawal rates from the trials were 7.8% and 8.0% for men taking B-stools and placebo, respectively. Their long-term effects, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of studies and small sample sizes.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo or salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma. In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal adverse events with regular salmetol compared with placebo. There was an increase in the risk of asthma-related deaths in patients who were not taking inhaled corticosteroids, compared to those who were taking salmetamol, but the increase was not significant. There is not enough evidence to be sure whether the risk in children is higher or lower. We combined the data from two large studies (26,355 patients) and found that there was a clear increase in risk of death in the two large surveillance studies (25,180 patients and 26,355 children). There was no difference in the number of people who died from asthma. We cannot be certain whether there is an increased risk in people who are not using an inhaled steroid, but we cannot rule it out. We have found that inhaled steroids do not seem to reduce the risks of asthma in children.
The review of trials found no evidence that thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of breathing problems in preterm infants. There is no evidence to support the use of thyroid hormone for preterm babies with breathing problems.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1828 participants. Eight trials had a low risk of bias in the assessment of death. All trials had high risks of bias for the other outcomes. We found that non-absorbable disaccharides may have a beneficial effect on mortality. We also found that these drugs can help to reduce serious side effects associated with liver disease. We were unable to include the effect of the drugs on the quality of life of participants. We did not find any difference between the drugs in the prevention, treatment, or control of hepatic encephalopathy. The review found no difference in the risk of side effects between the different drugs. The quality of the evidence was moderate for mortality, and very low for side effects.
We found 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) that evaluated the effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents in kidney transplantation. Forty-three of the 65 studies evaluated bone density, with more recent studies evaluating bone-related markers of bone health. Bisphosphonate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain, although it is possible that it might make little or no difference. It was unclear whether any of the other treatments had any effect on fracture, death or heart disease, or graft loss. It is not clear whether any other treatments reduce graft rejection. It may be possible that bisphosphoate therapy might reduce bone pain and fracture, but it was uncertain whether it had an effect on the risk of bone disease or death. We were not able to assess the effects on bone disease in children and young adolescents. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low. The studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on all-cause or cardiovascular death, heart disease or stroke, or transplant loss. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. We rated the certainty as low for fracture, low for death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and graft loss, and very uncertain for bone disease. The evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of low certainty.
We found four trials involving 317 people with alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol a day to 20 mmol/day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium. Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. We found no study that measured all of the identified outcomes and met the objectives of this review. The trials were of poor quality. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure. The other three studies measured handgrip strength. There was no significant increase in the strength of hands in the magnesium group. There were no important changes in adverse events. There is not enough evidence to determine whether there is any benefit or harm from magnesium in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal. More research is needed.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. We could not draw conclusions about children or people with suppressed immune systems, and we did not include those with severe sinusitis. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics. However, 5 fewer people in 100 will fail to recover from their acute rhinosinusitis, and 13 more people will experience side effects. We conclude that there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated (not requiring a course of treatment) acute rhino-nosebleed.
We identified eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 2515 patients. Three RCTs compared D3 with D2 lymphadenectomy: data suggested no significant difference in OS between these two types of lymph nodes. Data for DFS were available from one trial, and for no trial were data available. Five trials (n = 5; HR 0.91, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.17) and DFS data were available. Data suggested that there was no important difference in postoperative mortality. In contrast, the quality of the evidence was moderate for D2 to D1 lymphadectomy, with the risk of dying after surgery being higher. The quality of evidence was downgraded due to the small number of patients in the trials and the high risk of bias.
The review of trials found that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo (dummy) or no pharmacological agents in terms of the number of people re-incarcerated. The review also found that when compared with benzodiazepine and buprenorphine, there was no significant difference in the numbers of people who remained in treatment. The results of this review do not support the use of oral nALTrexone in the maintenance treatment of opioid dependence. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found two studies that examined the effects of changing the consistency of fluids in people with dementia. Both studies were part of the same large multicentre trial. The first study, a cross-over trial, looked at the effect of two viscosities of fluids (nectar and honey thick) on swallowing in 351 participants with dementia who had videofluoroscopy. There were no trials on changes in food. The second study, which was designed as a parallel study, compared the effects on swallowing of thickened fluids with a chin down head posture in a subgroup of 260 participants. Both trials were funded by the same company. The results of the first trial showed that thickening fluids with spoon thick or extremely thick viscosity showed a more positive impact on swallowing. However, this consistency of fluid showed more adverse effects. In the second three-month follow up trial, there were a greater number of pneumonia and adverse intervention effects in people receiving honey thick liquids than those receiving nectar thick or regular liquids with a head down posture. No deaths were reported. There was no evidence that the type of fluids prescribed had an effect on quality of life. We are uncertain about the long-term effects of modifying fluids for people with swallowing problems in dementia as too few studies have been done. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the length of time it has been studied. The risk of bias for both studies is high. Clinicians should be aware that while the thickening of fluids may have a short-term effect on swallowing, the long term impact on the health of the person with the problem should be considered. The overall quality of evidence in this review is low.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest trial included 396 women eligible for this review. The evidence is current to September 2013. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. There was no evidence of a statistically significant difference between natural cycle IVF and standard IVF in rates of live birth rates, OHSS, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities, or cycle cancellations. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation were sensitive to the choice of statistical model: for these outcomes, use of a fixed effect model suggested a benefit for the standard IVC group. Moreover the largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth, treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206 participants, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. All included studies were RCTs; three studies used allocation concealment (i.e. participants knew which treatment they were receiving) and six studies blinded outcome assessors. We found that Tai Chi improved functional capacity and pulmonary function in people with COPD. However, the effects of Tai Chi on reducing dyspnoea level and the quality of life were inconclusive. When Tai Chi was added to other interventions, it did not improve symptoms nor on physical and mental function. No adverse events were reported. Tai Chi is safe to practise. We did not find any evidence to support or refute its use in improving lung function. We judged the quality to be very low to moderate.
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. This review includes 35 new studies, in addition to the studies that we included in the previous version. Study sample sizes were generally small. Studies varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the type of virtual reality device used. The risk of bias was unclear in some studies due to poor reporting. We found that there was no evidence that virtual reality was more effective than conventional therapy in improving arm function. However, we found that it may be beneficial when used as an adjunct to usual care (to increase therapy time). There was not enough evidence to reach conclusions about the effect on gait speed, balance, or quality of life. There was some evidence that more than 15 hours of total treatment was better than usual care for those in the virtual reality group. There were few adverse events reported in these studies. The quality of the evidence was mostly low due to the small number of studies and the poor reporting of study methods.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) of fluoroquinolones for the treatment of drug-sensitive TB. There is not enough evidence to be clear whether the addition or substitution of these drugs to the standard first-line treatment is beneficial or harmful. We are uncertain if there is an effect, and we do not know if there was an effect on death. There was no data on treatment failure. There were no trials that looked at regimens of less than six months duration. We found no trials of shorter regimens. More trials with longer regimens are currently in progress. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low, low, or low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
