Spread of cancer to the lungs looks better than before. An 11 mm growth in the bottom of the right lung is smaller than the last exam. Hardened lymph nodes in the left lung. The thyroid has been removed.
Mild damage, mucus blockage, and thickening of the airways is likely from large airways disease. Severe hardening of a valve in the aorta.
A few tiny growths in the lungs are the same as before.
Lymph nodes in the thyroid are bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in both lungs as seen the last time. The gallbladder has been removed.
Mild damage of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. A part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. Growths and hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung is worse than before. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Enlarged lymph nodes in the abdomen look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs. There is some damage of the airways and mucus blockage. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Areas of fluid or inflammation and fluid around the bottom of the right lung due to mucus blockage are no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gone away. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Fluid in the windpipe.
There is some loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Mild fat in the liver.
New fluid in the airways in the right lung. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. New hazy gray areas and thickening in the left lungs. Damage and area of inflammation in the top of the lung with new growths is seen again. There are worse hazy areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the front of the right upper lung. A growth in the lower right lung looks worse than before. There is more damage of the airway and growths in the lungs. A pencil eraser sized spot in the lung looks the same as last exam but is less dense than the last. Fractures on the right side of the heart are healed.
Patchy spots across both lungs with dense spots in the bottoms of the lungs. Small amount of air in the chest.
A large growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same size as before. An area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung is bigger than before. There is more fluid around the lungs with the same growths and growths as seen before. Enlarged lymph node near the heart. A lymph node in the chest is larger than normal. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the skin as seen the last time. Low blood count.
There is mild damage of the airways with some mucus blockage. Loss of air in the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened as seen before.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. The airways are thickened. Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Patchy spots in the bottom of the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The esophagus has been removed and there has been a gastric pull-through. The heart's arteries and aorta are hardened.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. The aorta is wider than normal as seen before. Prior surgery of the chest. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as the last exam. Enlarged lymph node in the left arm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior surgery of the top of the left lung.
The aorta is mildly hardened.
Growths in the right lung with signs of airway inflammation and scarring is seen again and may be due to airway disease. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A few growths in the lungs are smaller than before. Some of these growths have become cavities. Hardening of the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A growth is blocking the airways of the top of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest may be due to spread of cancer. There is a fatty growth in the shoulder.
Abnormal fluid around the left lung is no longer seen. An area of inflammation in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Prior surgery of the left esophagus. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
There is a new pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There are smoking-related lung changes. A lymph node near the aorta is larger than normal. The heart is bigger than expected as seen before. Age related changes in the spine. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, particularly in the top. Thickening of the airways. A button sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is big. There is a pouch in the aorta. Severe hardened growths of the blood vessels of the heart and the aortinga. The heart's valves and valves are hardened. Age-related changes of the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the lower left lung is seen again. A small part of the abdomen bulging through the skin looks the the same. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
Lymph nodes in the lymph nodes look the same as before. New tiny growth in the top of the right lung.
There is thickening and damage of the airways, particularly in the bottoms. The heart's blood arteries and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The tops of both lungs are damaged. Mucus blockage of the lungs. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragms. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
Spots in the bottom of the left lung are likely from swallowing something into the lungs. Fluid is seen in the airways of the right lung. A small part of the abdomen bulges through the diaphragm.
A large growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other small growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the upper chest. The blood vessels are mildly hardened.
A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Spread of cancer to the bone of the mid spine looks the same as the last scan.
Growths in the right lung look the same as before. Mucus is seen in the left lung. Smoking related changes, airway damage, and thickening of the airways with new loss of air is seen again. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen the last time.
The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened.
There is a group of tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Prior surgery of the esophagus. There is fluid and substances in the gastric conduit. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Prior pancreas surgery. Old rib fracture on the right side.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A growth in the right part of the thyroid looks the same size as the previous exam. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Thickening of the lungs and hazy gray areas in the lungs are likely from fluid in the lung. A lymph node in the bottom of the windpipe is larger than normal and has a hardening. Also, a lymph node near the right ribs is enlarged. The tops of the heart are bigger than expected. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The valves of the aorta are mildly hardened.
The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Mild scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A pea sized growth in the lower left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
There are smoking-related lung changes. Spots in the thymus is larger than usual.
Growths in both lungs are smaller than before. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Mild haziness in the top of the left lung. Some of the esophagus is widened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bone.
There is more fluid around the left lung than before. Growths in the right upper lobe look worse than before and thickening of the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as the last scan. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. There are smoking related changes and scarring of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the windpipe looks the same as the last scan. A small part of the abdomen is bulging into the chest. Small amount of fluid around the heart. Hardening of a bone of the mid spine is bigger than before.
Abnormal fluid in the airways. There is mild thickening and damage of the airway. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Thickening of the lungs looks better than the last exam. Groups of tiny growths in the left lung may be due to airways disease. Haze gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs look better than before. Enlarged lymph nodes on the left side of the neck are bigger than usual. The esophagus has been removed. The heart is enlarged. The top of the heart is bigger than normal. Hardened of the left heart.
There is a large growth in the right lung that is blocking the airways. Areas of fluid or inflammaiton and fluid in the left lung may be related to prior surgery. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe. The aorta and blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Stones in the kidney are seen again. Growths in the liver.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Surgery of the heart's valves. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. A lymph node in the right chest is larger than normal. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways and some mucus blockage. New hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung. New ladybug sized growth in the right lower lobe. New growths in the left lung. Prior surgery of the left thyroid. Loss of height in bone of the mid spine.
Mild damage of the airways. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking-related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other small growths are the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been surgically removed. Age- related changes of the mid spine.
Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Scarring of the top of the left lung. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks smaller than before. A pea-sized hazy gray growth is bigger than normal in the right upper lung. Mucous blockage in the upper right lung is no longer seen. Previously seen pea sized growths in the top left lung with some damage of the airways that is probably mucus blockage. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm.
Spots and growths in the bottom of the right lung are seen again.
There is a lot of air in the windpipe. Damage of the airways of the lungs is seen again. Signs of inflammation in the lungs. A new spot is seen in the top of the right lung. Lymph nodes in the chest are larger than normal. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart. Enlarged breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Some tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. There are blood clots in the left chest. Loss of height a bone of the mid spine that is seen before.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. A hazy gray area in the right lung with new area of fluid or inflammation is seen again. There is more mucus around the left lung than before. Small amount of fluid around the heart. Mildly large breast tissue.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs look worse than the last exam. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than usual.
There is mild damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. Scarring or loss of air in the lungs. Tiny growths in the right lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild loss of air in the lungs. A few sacs are seen in the bottom of the right lung. There are a few small growths in the lung. Prior heart surgery. Fracture of a seventh rib.
Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the right lung. Group of tiny growths in the top of the left lung with some hardened growths. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
There are hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. The heart is enlarged. The top of the heart is bigger than usual. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
A spot in the left lung is likely to be a lymph node. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Age related changes in the upper spine.
Mild thickening of the airways with areas of mucus blockage. Tiny growth in the top of the right lung. There is a blood clot in the right jugular.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. A tiny growth is seen in the left lung. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Age related changes in the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of abnormal air around the right lung. A tiny growth is seen in the lower right lobe.
The bottom of the right lung is collapsing. Spread of cancer to the lungs look the same as the last scan but there is more spread since treatment. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the heart's valves are hardened. Hardening of the breast bone. Abnormal pouches in the abdomen are seen.
Mild thickening of the airways. The blood vessel going to the heart is mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid and fluid in the lungs seen before are smaller than before. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal. Growths in the thyroid look smaller than the last study. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is a fatty growth in the right lung. Mild airway inflammation. Small growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but there is a new growth. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. The aortas valve is hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs with airways may be due to aspiration/pneumonia. Other hazy gray areas in the lung may be related to airway disease. Old rib fracture on the left look the same as before.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The growths look the same as before.
Mild airway damage and thickening. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Scarring in the top of the left lung. The aorta and the heart's arteries are hardened. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm. Gallstones.
There is mild loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in the top of the right lung are smaller than before. Other small growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is larger than usual. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Age-related changes in the mid spine.
Loss of air in the left lung with scarring in the tops of the left lungs. Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the lung look worse than normal. Growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but there is mucus in the windpipe.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung which is pressing on the airways. A tiny hazy gray growth is seen near the airway. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Lungs in the neck are bigger. Enarged lymphnode in the upper chest. Small amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart with the aorta. Prior surgery of the gallbladder. Age-related changes in the mid spine.
There is some scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. There is a ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top left lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the left lung look the same as the last scan but a valve in the heart is hardened. The tops of the heart are larger than normal as seen before. A patchy pattern of the lung is likely from small airway disease. Enlarged lymph node in the right armput Mild hardening of the blood vessels.
There are spots and loss of air in both lungs. Areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs look better than before. Scattered tiny growths in the lung look the same as previously. There is some fluid in the windpipe and airways. A growth in the bottom of the heart is bigger than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessel going to the heart and the aorta. Prior heart surgery. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung and along the left wall. Patchy spots in the top of the right lung. New fluid around both lungs. New large amount of fluid around the heart. The blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Part of the stomach is bulging into the abdomen. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There are smoking-related lung changes. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than usual. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Hardened spots in the bones are probably due to spread of cancer.
Tiny growths in both lungs. There is a group of growth in the top of the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The aortas valve is hardened. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Old thickening and airway damage. There are hardened spots in both lungs. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the aortic's valve are hardened. Hardened spots in the bones look the same as last time. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
A growth in the right breast is seen. Age-related changes in the mid spine.
There are smoking related changes with airway damage, thickening, and mucus blockage. Growths a 0.7 cm and 1.2 cm in the left lung look the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than usual.
A tiny growth in the right lung looks the same as before.
There is a tiny amount of abnormal fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left breast bone look the same as before.
A spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. There are spots in the aorta and its valve that is larger than normal. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Loss of air or scarring is seen in the lungs. Prior surgery of the heart as seen before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Prior chest surgery. Age-related changes in the mid spine.
Prior surgery of the aorta's valve and the heart as seen before. Abnormal air in the lungs and fat in the chest is due to prior surgery. Enlarged lymph nodes in the middle of the chest. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The left part of the heart is wider than normal. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs. The top of the aorta is mildly wider than normal. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than usual, which may be due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Enlarged breast tissue.
Thickening of the airways may be due to inflammation or airway disease. Abnormal air in the chest and around the esophagus.
There are smoking-related lung changes. Spots in the lungs. Small amount of fluid around both lungs.
There is a new area of inflammation at the top of the right lung. There are new growths in the right upper lung. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The heart is bigger than usual.
There is some fluid in the lungs. There is loss of air in the left lung and the bottoms of both lungs. A small hazy gray growth in the top of the lung looks the same as last time. Other tiny lung growths look the same. A grape sized growth is bigger than normal in the right thyroid.
Small amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. Fluid in the abdomen looks the same as before.
There is a sac in the liver. The aorta is hardened. Age related changes in the shoulders.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickening of the top of the left lung. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. There is a new small amount of fluid aroun the right lung.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armbone and chest are bigger than before. Lymph nodes near the right lung are larger than normal. Lungs in the upper chest are larger. L lymph nodes around the esophagus are increased.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the left lung are no longer seen. There is thickening of the airways in the bottoms of both lungs with some airway loss. There are hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung. Mild airway inflammation outside the areas of scarring. A lymph node near the windpipe looks the same as before. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery. A blood clot in the lung's blood vessel is seen, this may be due to high blood pressure in the lungs.
Mild smoking-related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Prior surgery of the left kidney. A lymph node in the chest is larger than before. A small part of the stomach is bulging into the abdomen. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking-related lung changes. The heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count.
A ladybug sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A ladybug size hazy gray growth on the top of the left lung that is the same size as the previous study. Spots in bones of the mid spine are bigger than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Thickening of the bottoms of the lungs is seen once again and is probably due to scarring. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right chest are seen again. A a small part of the chest bulges through the diaphragm. Hardening of a valve in the heart.
Mild smoking-related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickened airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Lymph nodes in the right lung and the chest are hardened. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's arteries and aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes of the upper spine.
Damage and thickening of the airways is due to inflammation. A growth in the top of the right lung seen before is no longer seen. A pencil eraser sized growh in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as normal. There is abnormal mucus in the right airways. Mild hardened growths in the heart and the aorta. Age-related changes in the mid spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs. Fractures in the left ribs are healing.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking-related lung changes and scarring.
Spread of cancer to both lungs is the same as the last scan. Enlarged lymph nodes in the mid spine look the same. The blood vessels of the right neck are wider than usual.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Loss of air in the bottom of both lungs is seen.
Prior surgery of the middle of the right lung. Spots in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to airway disease. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessel and aorta. Destructive spot in a right rib looks the same as before.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung. There is a grape sized growth with a walled off spot in the bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thickened which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the chest is bulging through the skin. The aorta is hardened. Spots in the spine.
There is loss of air and damage of the airways of the bottom of both lungs.
There are new tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Small airway disease in the top of the right lung. Spread of cancer to the bones with rib fractures.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the the same as the last scan. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Hardening of bones of the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung looks the same since the last scan.
Growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. There is a sac in the right kidney.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the right lung with some air that may be due to multiple cavities or lung cancer. In the tops of the lungs there are multiple growths. Small amount of air around both lungs with tubes in the chest. Smoking related changes in the lungs.
There is new tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. There is thickening and a button sized growth. Prior surgery of the breasts.
Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs may be from loss of air. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Hardening of the aorta is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
The heart is larger than normal. Spots in the bones are probably due to spread of cancer.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Hardened spots in both lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs.
There is some scarring of the tops of the lungs. There is a sac in the lower right lung. Some of the blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
A spot in the lower left lung looks worse than before. The main blood vessels of the lung are larger than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Spots in the spine look worse than the last.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are new growths in the lungs. The left part of the heart is enlarged. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, which is probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. Spots in the bone of the mid spine.
Scarring in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Gallstones.
Mild thickening of the airways. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The right kidney has been removed.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs. Prior heart surgery. There is a small amount of water around the heart. Abnormal air in the chest is probably due to prior surgery.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the skin. The aorta and the heart's arteries are hardened. Spot in the right breast may be the same as before.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. An area of fluid or inflammation in the left upper lobe is bigger than before. Other small growths in the lungs. Signs of airway disease. Small amount of fluid around the lung. Soft tissue spot in the right lung. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine looks the same as the last MRI.
There are small growths in the lungs. The growths were not seen on the prior CT.
Blockage of the airways with mucus. An area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung is smaller than before probably due to prior infection. The heart's blood vessel is hardened. Old rib fracture on the left.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. There is fluid in the right lung with some loss of air. Smoking related changes. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Mild damage of the airways. There is another button sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung. There are other hazy growths in the right lungs. Growths in the left lungs. Other tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Abnormal air in the lung looks the same as before.
A growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as the last scan. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones looks worse than before.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs look better than before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
There are spots in the lungs. The thyroid has been removed. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. The aorta's valve is hardened. Low blood count.
There are some smoking-related changes in the lungs. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs.
Tiny growth in the left lung looks the same as before and is probably a lymph node. Sacs in the lungs are seen again and are probably due to fat in the body. Growths in the right part of the thyroid.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before.
The airways are thickened. Abnormal mucus blockage in the lungs. Small growths in the lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thickened, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the chest is bulging through the diaphragm. Abnormal fat in the heart. The main blood artery of the lung is wider than normal, which can be seen due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The aorta is mildly hardened. Small amount of fluid around the heart
A lymph node in the left lung is seen. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes near the lungs and chest are seen. There are lymph nodes in both lungs.
There is less fluid in the lungs than before. Damage of the airways is seen again. Thickening of the tops of both lungs looks the same as the last scan. The heart is bigger than normal as seen the last time.
There are a few new tiny growths. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. New spots in the thymus. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is seen again, with some loss of air. Abnormal fluid in the lung is the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the lower left lung as seen before. A few hazy growths are seen in the lungs. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening in the right lung is due to prior radiation therapy. The thyroid has been previously removed. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Mild damage of the airways in the bottoms of the lungs is probably due to swallowing something in the lungs. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are mild smoke related changes in the tops of the lungs. Tiny growths in both lungs. A growth in the right lung may be a lymph node. The airways are mildly thickened. The aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Loss of height of bones of mid spine.
A tiny growth in the right lung looks the same as before. Age-related changes in the thoracic spine.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessel and aorta are mildly hardened. Stones are seen in the gallstones. Age-related changes in the mid spine.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Age- related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening of the right lung and fluid around the lung with loss of air and scarring in the left lung looks the same as the last scan. There is a new finger nail sized growth in the upper lobe. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe and other lymph nodes in the right chest looks smaller than before. The heart is enlarged.
Fractures in the ribs are healed. A pouch is seen in the top of the aorta. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Tiny growths in the right lung look the same as before. A small part of the abdomen bulges through the diaphram. The blood vessels of the heart are mild hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Sac in the liver
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. The growths in the right airways look the same as the prior study. Old fluid in the chest looks the same size as the last study. The thyroid is smaller than usual. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is a patchy area of fluid or inflammaiton and hazy growths in the left lung that may be due to infection. Signs of inflammation in the airways in the top of the right lung.
There are severe smoking related changes throughout both lungs. There are hazy gray areas in the bottom of both lungs that may be due to scarring. Spots in the lungs are probably due to airways blockage. Also, there is some blockage in the airways. A small part of the chest is bulging through the diaphragm. Loss of height in a bone of the upper spine.
Lymph nodes in the left arm are bigger than normal. The heart is enlarged. Mildly large breast tissue.
Lymph nodes in the left arm bone are bigger than normal. Other growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is larger than before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
Old thickening, airway damage, and airway blockage of the lungs. Mild hazy gray areas in the lungs are seen. Scattered tiny growths are seen in lungs. The esophagus is wider than normal with a part that is not fully bulging through the diaphragm. Prior heart surgery. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Stones are noted in the gallbladder. Prior surgery of the chest.
Mild hazy gray areas with thickening of the lungs. A tiny amount of fluid around the right lung is probably due to recent surgery. Prior surgery of the aorta. The heart is enlarged. Prior heart surgery. There is swelling of the body wall.
Hazy gray area in the tops of the lungs with some thickening. Small amount of fluid around the left lung, with some loss of air at the bottom. A small amount of mucus is around the right lung. The heart is enlarged. Low blood count. Fluid around the lungs.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Inflammation of the airways in the top right lung looks better than before. Old thickening of the front of the lung. The heart's arteries and aorta are hardened.
Mild thickening and damage of the airways. Mild scarring in the right lung. Tiny growth in the top of the bottom of the left lung. A tiny growth is seen in the lung. Spots in the lungs are most likely due to infection or inflammation. The esophagus is thicker than normal with fluid and material which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Growths in the lungs are seen again and are likely lymph nodes. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the skin. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A pencil erasers sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than the last scan. New tiny growths in the upper lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Other tiny growths in the lungs. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation and hazy gray areas in the lungs look worse than before. An index growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before.
A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphram looks the same as normal. A blood clot is seen in the right lung. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The growths are unchanged. The gallbladder has been removed.
Thickening of the airways and mucus blockage are due to large airway disease. Thickening and sacs in the bottoms of the lungs look the same as before. Growths in the lungs. The hearts blood vessel and aorta are hardened. The liver is hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Small amount of fluid around the right lung. Prior surgery of the left esophagus. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fluid is extending to the left chest wall with related changes, probably due to an esophageal leak. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the aortic valve are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the lungs as seen before. Tiny growths in the lung look the same as before.
Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. A dime sized growth in the top of the left lung is larger from the last scan. A lymph node in the left arm bone is bigger than before.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Age related changes in the mid spine. Enlarged breast tissue. There is a fatty growth in the left breast bone.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Small amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air at the bottoms. Mild thickening of the lungs. Area of haziness in the middle of the right lung with hazy gray areas. Loss of air in the lungs is seen. A small part of the abdomen is bulging into the abdomen. The heart is enlarged. Severe hardens of the aorta's valve. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than normal. Hardened of the heart.
A large spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths in the lungs. The aorta is mildly hardened.
There is a large amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. The blood vessels of the heart are severly hardened. Prior surgery of the pancreas. Hardening of the liver.
A growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Tiny growths in the right lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Right kidney stones. Age related changes of the mid spine. Fractures in the ribs on the right side are healed.
There is a large amount of fluid around the right lung. There are hazy gray areas and areas of inflammation in both lungs that may be due to COVID. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal. There is a pouch in the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the abdomen. The main blood vessels of the lungs are wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs.
Mild damage of the airways, especially in the top of the right lung. Mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is hardened.
There are new groups of hazy gray spots in the left lung. Mild smoking-related lung changes. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The spleen is larger than normal. Fractures in the ribs on the left side are healed.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look smaller than before. There are some smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is more fluid around both lungs. Loss of air and areas of fluid or inflammation are seen again. There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung which is turning into air. New hazy gray area in the tops of the left lung may be due to aspiration or infection. Spots in the top of the spine are seen once again, likely due to prior surgery or radiation. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Prior surgery of the upper spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs look worse than before, some with hazy gray areas. New tiny amount of mucus aroun the left lung. Lymph node in the chest looks bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in chest look the same as before. Low blood count. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. Prior surgery of the right lung. There is a growth in the top of the left lung with new and larger growths. A growth near the heart looks the same as before. Large spread of cancer to the breast bone.
There is growth in the tops of both lungs. There are smoking-related lung changes. Abnormal mucus in the right airways. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking-related lung changes. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
Growths in the lungs are due to airway disease. Thickening of the airways.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but there are some small growths. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones. Fracture in the breastbone is healed.
This needs to be payed more attention to on follow up. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is wider than usual.
Prior surgery of the lungs as seen the last time. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the right chest looks the same size as normal. Mild enlargement of the breast tissue.
Scarring of the lungs, damage of the airways, thickening, and loss of air is due to airway disease. Signs of airway inflammation in the top of the right lung are seen again. A spot with areas of fluid or fluid is seen and connects to the right airways. There is a small amount of fluid around the lungs. The esophagus is wider than usual and there is some mucus in the stomach. The heart is enlarged as seen before. A tiny amount of blood is seen around the heart.
A hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung is larger than the last exam. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking-related lung changes. Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. Part of the left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. A small part ofthe stomach is bulging into the chest. The heart is larger than usual. The aorta and the heart's arteries and valves are hardened. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Left kidney stone.
A large area of inflammation in the right lung looks the same as before. Smoking related changes are seen in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs. Scarring and hardening of the tops of both lungs. The airways are mildly thickened. Abnormal mucus blockage.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. Thickening and thickeing in the right lung. There are spots in the lungs that are probably due to small airways disease. Enlarged lymph node in the lower chest looks the same as before. A small part of the neck is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a small growth in the left lung. The heart is larger than normal. The hearts valves, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is larger than before. This growth was seen before. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The airways are mildly thickened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragma. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are mildly hardened. A valve in the heart is hardened.
A pea sized spot in the bottom of the right lung is likely a lymph node. A tiny growth in the top of the left lung is seen.
Mucus blockage of the lungs. The airways are thickened. Tiny growth in the top of the right lung is the same as before. More tiny growths in the right upper lobe. New hazy gray area in the upper left lung. Enlarged lymph node in the left lung is smaller than the normal. Loss of height in the bone of the mid spine.
There is an area of inflammation in the top of the right lung. Tiny growths are seen in the lungs. A small part of the chest bulges through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Low blood count. The gallbladder has been removed.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung is no longer seen. Pencil erase sized growths in the left lung are smaller than before. A ladybug sized growth seen before in the right lower lung is smaller than normal. The right lung has been treated with prior radiation treatment. New thickening and damage of the airways in the chest due to radiotherapy. A hazy gray area in the lung is gone. There is a small amount of fluid around the right lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta valve are hardened.
Prior surgery of the lungs as seen before. Thickening of the airways. Mild hardened growths in the heart and the aorta. Age-related changes in the mid spine.
There is a tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. A tiny growth is seen in the top of the left lung. There are tiny growths in the bottoms of the lungs. There is a pea-sized hazy gray area in the lower left lung that is hard to see. Tiny growths are noted in the bottom of the lung. Mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. Smoking-related lung changes.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe probably due to airways disease. A finger nail sized growth in the bottom the right lung is smaller than before. Tiny growths in the right lower lung look better than the last exam but still the same as before. A pea sized spot in the top of the left lung is now the size of a pea. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. Spread of cancer to the spine looks the same as the last scan. Prior surgery of the left breast.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. There are some growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age-related changes of the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the right lung looks the same as before and is most likely a lymph node. Prior surgery of the aorta. Severe hardening of the blood vessel vessels of the heart and the aortinga. There is a sac in the left kidney. Surgery of the chest. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Damage of the airways and scarring in the top of the right lung is seen. There is some thickening, sacs, and loss of air of the bottom of the lungs. Mild thickening of the lung. Lymph nodes in the chest are larger than normal. Abnormal fluid and substances in the esophagus is probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is enlarged. The main blood vessel coming out of the heart is wider than normal, likely due to high blood count. Severe hardened of the aorta and the heart's blood vessel. Low blood counts. Age-related changes in the spine. Fluid in the body wall.
A quarter sized spot in the bottom of the right lung looks like mucus blockage. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Old loss of height in the breastbone. Loss of height of bone of the lower spine looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the left lung as seen before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the lung that may be due to air not coming out. Also, there are other fluid collections in the lungs, one that is bigger than the others. There are smoking related changes in the top of the right lung. Abnormal mucus in the airways. Fluid in the chest and air around the left lungs is probably due to infection. Abnormally large pouches in the colon are seen again. The right part of the heart is larger than normal. The main blood vessel going to the lungs is wider than normal, indicating high blood pressure in the lung. An enlarged lymph node in the right chest looks the same as before. Some old rib fracture.
Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung with an area of fluid or inflammaiton looks worse than before. There are hazy gray areas and growths in the right lung that look the same as before. Small amount of fluid around the left lungs is no longer seen. The heart is enlarged as seen the last time. Age related changes in the mid spine with some loss of height in bones on the spine looks the same. Enlarged breast tissue on the right as seen before.
Small amount of fluid around the left lung. The heart is larger than normal and there has been prior heart surgery. Thickening of the lungs.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs look the same as before. The spleen is bigger than normal. There is a spot in the top of the right lung. The gallbladder has been taken out.
Prior surgery of the lower left lung as seen before. A sac in the right liver looks the same as before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Mild loss of air in both lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are thickened. There is fluid around the heart. The spleen is larger than normal. There are sacs in the left kidney. Enlarged lymph nodes in the abdomen. Spread of cancer to the liver. Age related changes in the spine.
There are new hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung.
An area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of both lungs is bigger than before. An area of inflammation is seen in the tops of the lungs. The heart is enlarged.
Lymph nodes in the right neck are bigger than before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is smaller than the previous size. Other lymph nodes in chest are also smaller than normal. Lymph nodes around the windpipe are smaller than usual. A lymph node near the right lung is larger than normal, but that is decreased from the last exam. The lymph nodes near the heart are smaller. A small amount of fluid around the heart looks the same as the last time. Smoking-related lung changes. A large growth in the top of the lung is less large than the last scan.
An area of inflammation in the bottom of the right lung is not where the heart is. A tiny growth in the middle of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but is not cancerous. There are old rib fractures on the left as seen before.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung due to a large portion of the chest bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Large part of the stomach bulges through the abdomen. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a spot in the top of the left lung with some scarring. There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs. Damage and damage of the airways with some mucus blockage in the right upper lung.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other small growths in the lungs.
There is a new area of inflammation in the bottom of the left lung. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. There is less fluid around both lungs than last time. Prior surgery of the esophagus. The heart's blood vessel and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Soft tissue in the chest is probably the thymus.
A pea sized growth in the top of the right lung is seen.
Growths in the lungs look worse than before. New areas of inflammation in the right and left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as the last scan. The esophagus is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the spine, breastbone, and ribs.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, with the top of the lung being worse than normal. Thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of abnormal fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes of the mid spine.
Mild growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Severe hardening of the valve of the aorta with thickened growths in the heart. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation and thickening of both lungs. Scarring/ loss of air in the top of the right lung. The heart is larger than normal. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart.
The aorta is hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Pneumonia in the lung looks better than before. There is less air around the lungs than the last exam. Fluid around the left lung is less than normal. Mild airway inflammation. Mildly large breast tissue.
Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior surgery of the right lung. The aorta is mildly hardened.
Small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Spots in the lung are probably lymph nodes.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks larger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than the last. Mild smoking-associated lung changes.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Fluid is seen in the lungs. There is more fluid around the heart than before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen again. New lymph node in the left neck.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Areas of fluid or inflammation with damage of the airways. These spots and airway damage look the same as the last scan but look worse than the last. Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Fluid around the lungs with loss of air looks the same as before. Patchy pattern of the tops of both lungs is probably due to small airway disease. The tops of the heart are bigger than usual. Small amount of fluid around the heart, the same size as the prior exam.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but are bigger than before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes and thickening of the airways.
Mild thickening of the airways and airway damage in the bottom of both lungs. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. The esophagus is thickened, which may be due to acid reflux. Large portion of the abdomen bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is enlarged. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The aorta is hardened.
The esophagus has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten bigger. The blood vessel going to the heart is hardened.
There is a small amount of fluid around the left lung which is less than before. There is some loss of air in the lower left lung. A tiny amount is also seen around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the abdomen look the same as before.
There are growths in both lungs. Growths look the same as the prior study. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, with the tops burning. Damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways.
Fat in the top of the abdomen.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the lungs, specifically in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other tiny growths in the lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age-related changes of the mid spine.
There are smoking-related changes in the tops of the lungs and scarring. The airways are also thickened. A tiny part of the chest bulges through the diaphragm as seen before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
There is damage of the airways and some mucus blockage in the left lung. There are groups of tiny growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels, aorta's valve, and its valve are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
The tops of the heart are larger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than before as seen before. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than expected. The heart's blood vessel, the heart's arteries, and the ariways' valve are hardened. The right breast bone is hardened. Age related changes in the right shoulder.
Signs of inflammation of the airways of the top of the left lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
There is an area of inflammation in the bottom of the right lung with airway spots and growths. A tiny growth is seen in the top of the left lung. There is loss of air in the mid lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging into the esophagus probably due to a growth seen on prior EGD. The blood vessels of the heart, the aorta, and the heart's blood vessels are mildly hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. A hazy gray growth in the lung is no longer seen. There is more thickening with some airway damage in the left lung. Prior surgery of the left breast.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs are unchanged. Mild airway inflammation with mucus blockage in the left lung.
Severe smoking related changes in the lungs, with the tops filled with fluid. Thickening of the airways. Other small growths in the lung look the same as the last study. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardened growths of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The aortic valve is hardened. Age-related changes of the middle of the spine.
Growths in the top of the left lung look smaller than before. New tiny growth in the lower lobe. New signs of airway inflammation and growths in the lungs. The heart is bigger than normal. Lymph nodes in the chest are enlarged, the same as the last exam. The hearts valves and aorta are hardened. Hardening of a left rib.
There is a patchy pattern of the lungs with some thickening. Tiny growths in both lungs. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than normal. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. New groups of tiny growths in the top of the right lung. New tiny growth in the middle of the left lung. The heart's arteries are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is mucus in the windpipe. The airways are mildly thickened. There is less fluid around the left lung than before. Lymph nodes in the chest are enlarged. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve. Fluid around the repair area is likely from prior surgery. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Abnormal fluid in the breastbone.
A few small growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta's valve is wider than usual.
A large growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. A button sized growth is the same as before. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in front of the lung is smaller than the last exam. A fingernail sized hazy gray growth with a pencil eraser-sized hardend looks the same in the right lung as the prior exam. Small amount of fluid aroun the left lungs, which is gone. The aorta and the heart's blood vessel are hardened. Parts of the esophagus are widened and have fluid and debris.
Mild airway damage. Tiny spots in the top of the right lung are probably due to small airways disease. Scarring at the bottoms of the lungs. Prior surgery of valves in the heart and the aorta's valve. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Hazy gray areas in both lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta's valve. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The aortas is mildly hardened.
Loss of air in the right lung looks the same as the last scan but may be due to a growth. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New aorta. Tiny growths in the lungs. The heart is enlarged. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. The aortas is hardened. Prior surgery of the breastbone. Age related changes in the spine and right shoulder. A small amount of new fluid is seen around the right lung.
Hardening of the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Hardened growths in the chest and lungs. Large portion of the stomach bulges through the stomach. Severe hardened growth in the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. There is a valve in the heart. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as previously. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of the right lung looks the same. There are veins in the esophagus.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mildly thickened ariways. Some hazy areas in the left lung may be due to infection or inflammation. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left neck. Soft tissue around the aorta is larger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs.
A few signs of inflammation of the airways. Signs of airway blockage. Fluid in the chest.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels with stents. Fluid around the heart looks the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking-related lung changes. There is a ladybug sized growth in the left thyroid.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe, airways, and airway of the left lung with some loss of air. The left lung is also not filling with air. Sacs in the liver.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the aorta's valve. Prior surgery of lymph nodes in the chest. There is a small amount of fluid and air around the drain. The blood vessel going to the lungs is wider than normal. The liver is bigger than usual. The pancreas is larger than normal There is fluid in the liver. Spots in the lung look better than before, with some scarring. Abnormal material and air in the right lung is where it shouldn't be.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Age related changes in the spine.
A dime sized spot in the chest looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. A nickel sized growth in the right lower lung is larger than before. Another ladybug sized growth is seen next to suture. Loss of air and patchy pattern of the left lung is likely from small airway disease. Fluid is seen in the windpipe. An enlarged lymph node in the chest looks the same as the last exam. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta's valve is hardened.
There is a pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Hardened lymph nodes in the chest are seen. There is a ladybug sized left thyroid with some hardening and growths. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. The esophagus is thickened as seen before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphram.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
An area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung is seen. There are small amounts of fluid around the lung. There is a tiny amount of blood where it shouldn't be, which is probably due to a blood clot. Smoking related changes are seen in the lungs.
A pea sized hardened growth in the right lung looks the same as the last scan. A peasized hazy gray growth inthe bottom of the left lung look the same.
Growths in the thymus.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
A port in the left lung has been removed. Spots in the tops of both lungs look the same as before. Thickening of the right lung looks the same. Abnormal mucus or inflammation is seen in the esophagus. Prior surgery of the left kidney.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around both lungs with some areas of fluid or swelling. There is an area of inflammation in the middle of the right lung.
A few small growths in the lungs. Scarring and loss of air in the right lung is seen again. Mild airway damage. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened as seen the last time.
Mild enlargement of the top of the aorta looks the same as before.
New hazy areas in the top of the right lung are likely to be due to infection. There is a new small amount of fluid around the left lung. Lymph nodes in the right neck look better than before. A lymph node in the neck is bigger than normal. A tiny amount of mucus is around the heart.
Spots in both lungs are probably lymph nodes. There are other growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs.
Loss of air in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left arm bone are bigger than before, likely due to a prior vaccine. The growths in the thyroid are larger than normal and there is some enlargement of the lymph node in the right lung.
There is a hazy gray area of the lungs with some patchy patterning. There is loss of air in the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Fat around the left heart is probably due to a prior heart attack. Spots in the right breast are bigger than before.
Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. Scarring in the top of the right lung with some damage of the airways. A pea sized growth in the left lung looks the same as before with some nearby airway damage. Pencil eraser sized growths are seen in both lungs. New hazy gray growths with spots in the bottom of both lungs are probably due to inflammation. A new tiny growth is seen in the lower right lung. Loss of height in bones of mid spine is seen once again. The airways are thickened. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
A few small growths are seen in the lungs. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. A small part of the chest is bulging through the skin. The blood arteries are mildly hardened. Prior surgery of the right breast.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Small growths in the lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the mid spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Severe hardened growth in the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Fractures in the spine look the same as before.
Fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. Lymph nodes in the chest are larger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is mild damage of the airways. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is seen. There is less fluid around the lung than before. A large growth in the chest is smaller than the last study. The heart's blood vessel and aorta are hardened. Hardening of valves in the heart and heart. Prior surgery of the mid spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation, loss of air, and airway damage in the upper right lung are seen once more and are due to prior treatment of the right breast with radiation. Spots in the rib cage look the same as before.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal with some loss of air. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. This needs to be followed up. Fatty liver.
Hazy gray areas in the lower left lung are no longer seen. Smoking related changes in the lungs with fluid in the tops of the lungs. Mildly thickened ariways and airway damage. A hazy gray area in the front of the right lung may be due to lung scarring.
There are growths in the top of the right lung. Part of the stomach is bulging through the skin. A valve in the heart is bigger than usual.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in both lungs look the same as the last CT. However, the largest growth in the right lower lobe looks smaller than before. Patchy pattern of both lungs is probably due to airway disease. A a small part of the abdomen bulges through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
A few small growths in the lungs. Loss of air and scarring of the bottom of both lungs is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left collar bone and chest look the same as before. An enlarged lymph node in the right chest looks the same. The main blood vessels of the lung are bigger than normal, likely due to high blood pressures in the lung. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. There is enlargement of breast tissue on both sides as seen the last.
Hazy gray areas and areas of inflammation in the bottom of both lungs may be due to swallowing things into the lungs. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Low blood count.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. Changes in the bottom of the left lung. New hazy gray area in the top of the lungs with thickening may be due to infection or fluid in the lungs. Smoking related changes and thickening of the airways in the tops of the lung as seen the last time. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Smoking-related lung changes.
A large growth in the top of the left lung looks better than before. Thickening and hazy gray areas in the left upper lobe look better than the last exam. A large growth with blockage of the airways in the lower left lung. Signs of airway inflammation in the right lung look the same as before. There is less mucus around the left airways than last time. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Prior surgery of the chest.
Smoking related changes and growths in the lungs are probably due to airways inflammation. Hardening of the right lung is seen again. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The aorta's valve is mildly hardened. Mild hardenness of the heart's arteries. Spots in the ribs may be due to spread of cancer.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe with thickening of the airways. Mild smoking-related lung changes. The esophagus is mildly thickened. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as the last scan. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is fluid in the windpipe and airways of the right lung. There is a tiny amount of abnormal mucus in the lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Mild smoking-related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the upper spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The growth in the lung looks the same from the last scan but there is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Prior surgery of the thyroid. A a small part of the chest bulges through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are severely hardened. Widening of the blood vessel of the lung is seen again and may be due to high blood pressure in the heart. There is a blood vessel coming out of the lungs that is bigger than usual.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Blockage of the airways with mucus is seen. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Damage of the airways of the bottom right lung looks the same as before and may be due to prior infection. Thickening in the right lung and the left lung may be related to fluid in the lungs. Prior surgery of the stomach. The spleen has been removed. Mild hardened growths around the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways is seen again. An area of inflammation in the right lung is smaller than before. There are new hazy areas in the tops of the lungs that may be due to infection or inflammation. Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Other small growths in the lungs. A part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood arteries are mildly hardened. Loss of height in the bone of the mid spine.
The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The growth in the thyroid is smaller than before.
There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung. There is less efflux around the left lung than before. Low blood count.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway disease. A pea-sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal. This should be followed up.
Fluid around the right lung is less than before. Growths in the right part of the lung are smaller than the previous exam but there is still a small amount of fluid left around the lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. A pouch in the abdomen is seen. Spread of cancer to the bones. Fractures in the ribs are healing.
Mild smoking-related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung next to healed rib fractures is likely from scarring. The aorta is hardened. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Scarring with hardening in the lungs is probably due to mucus blockage.
There is damage of the airways and some mucus blockage. There are hazy gray growths throughout the lungs. Other small growths in the lungs look the same as before. The esophagus is wider than usual and has fluid. The heart is bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Prior surgery of the right breast.
Hazy gray spots in the top of the right lung are probably due to infection. Spots in the bottoms of the lungs are most likely to be due to loss of air. A pea sized growth in the left lung may be a lymph node. A lymph node in the right chest is larger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Severe airway damage, thickening, and mucus blockage with signs of airway inflammation. A patchy pattern in the bottoms of the lungs is most likely due to air not able to leave the lungs. Hardening of the right lung. Growths in the thyroid. Severe hardened growth in the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen the the last time. Other small growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Stones are seen again in the gallbladder. Age-related changes in the mid spine.
Severe smoking related changes of the lungs. Mild airway damage. Scarring in the middle of the right lung. New button sized spot in the top of the left lung. Spots in the lungs are probably due to mucus blockage and airways disease. Part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm. Fluid is seen in the esophagus. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Signs of inflammation in the airways. The blood vessel going to the heart is mild. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The valve of the aneurysm is mildly hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine. Old fractures in the left ribs.
There is mild damage of the airways. Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Tiny growths in the right lung look the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest with some loss of air are the same size as the last scan but larger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the mid spine.
A growth in the middle of the right lung is smaller than before. Prior surgery of the left breast. Hardening of a bone in the upper spine looks the same as before. Hardened spots in the bones of the mid spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Loss of air and scarring of the bottom of the left lung.
Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There are new hazy gray areas in the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New spot in the top of the right lung is likely from scarring. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. Spot in the left breast is bigger than before.
Thickening in the tops of the lungs is likely from prior radiation. The aorta is mildly hardened. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is some scarring of the tops of the lungs. Small growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is larger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air of the bottom of the right lung. A growth in the chest is pressing on the right airways. A small growth is seen in the left lung. Age related changes in the mid spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Small growths in the thyroid. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking-related lung changes. The airways are thickened. Signs of inflammation in the airways. Prior surgery of the left breast. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the heart's valves are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Scarring and damage of the airways, loss of air, hazy gray areas, and new fluid in the lung may be due to infection. A tiny growth in the top of the right lung is the same as before. The esophagus is thickened and there is a part that is bulging through. Low blood count. A sac in the left kidney is seen again. Old loss of a right rib.
There are smoking-related lung changes. Scattered hazy gray areas in the right lung. Fat in the liver.
There are growths in both lungs. Damage of the airways in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air and scarring. There is thickening of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Other lymph nodes in the abdomen look bigger than before. A valve in the heart is hardened. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Fluid around the left lung is smaller than before. The heart is bigger than normal. Air in the lung is not where it should be. There is a tiny amount of abnormal air around the heart, the same as before. Low blood count. Old fractures in the right ribs look the same.
Growth in the left lung with nearby thickening looks worse than before. The growth looks the same as before. A tiny growth is seen in the right lung and there is some thickening of the lung. Signs of inflammation in the airways are seen again and are probably due to inflammation. A small part of the abdomen bulges through the diaphragm. Spots in the spine, breastbone, and ribs are seen once again. Gallstones.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. There is new lymph node in the left chest. Enlarged breast tissues.
Hardening of the right lung is seen again. A small amount of fluid is seen in the lung.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Tiny growths in the lung look smaller than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have decreased in size. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Deformities in the bone of the mid spine. Old rib fracture on the right side.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the neck.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the top of the left lung look the same as before. Loss of air at the bottoms of both lungs. An enlarged lymph node in the left neck looks the same from before. Age related changes in the spine.
Mild smoke related changes in the tops of the lungs. Scarring of the upper lungs.
Smoking-related lung changes. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as last scan but there is a new tiny growth. Fatty fat in the liver.
Prior surgery of the left breast. Fractures in the left ribs. Mild hardening of the skin is probably due to healing. Spots in the right ribs are healed.
Tiny spots in the bottom of the right lung are probably due to spread of cancer.
A tiny hazy growth in the top of the right lung is seen and may be due to infection or inflammation.
Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. Tiny growth in the top of the left lung is the same as the last scan but is larger than before. Growths in the lung.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs are likely from covid. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal and may be due to prior infection. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the skin. The aorta is mildly hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
Tiny lung growths look the same as before. Small amounts of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air is seen again, increased on the right. The thyroid is larger than usual and has growths as seen the last time. Loss of height and fractures in the spine and ribs are seen again.
Spread of cancer to the right lung looks better than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look smaller. Spots in the right ribs look worse than the before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. Lymph nodes in the chest are larger than normal. Enlarged lymph node in the neck looks bigger than before.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but there is a small growth at the bottoms. A tiny growth inthe bottom of the left lung is the same size as before.
There is a button sized growth in the top of the left lung. Other small growths. Thickening of the lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is larger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Spots in the right ribs look the same as the last scan.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking-related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Patchy hazy growths in the top of the left lung. Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes of the mid spine.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. The top of the left lung is larger than normal. Other tiny growths look the same as before. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. The esophagus is wider than usual. Prior heart surgery. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung and tiny growths in the left lung look the same as the before. There is scarring or loss of air in the lung. Age-related changes in the mid spine.
Growths in both lungs are smaller than the last scan but the largest growth in the left lung is smaller than before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickened airways. Patchy spots seen previously are no longer seen. Growths in the lung look the same as before. There is a fluid filled sac in the left neck, the chest, and around the aorta. Age related changes of the mid spine.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. There are bulging blood vessels in the esophagus.
Before surgery of the bottom of the right lung. A pencil eraser sized growth in the right lower lung looks the same as before.
The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Age-related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the right lung. A large growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. A small part of the chest is bulging through the diaphragm. The esophagus is thickened with growths which may be due to acid reflux. The heart's blood vessel and aorta are hardened. A blood clot is seen in the blood vessels of the heart.
Mild thickening of the top of the left lung. Spread of cancer to the ribs looks the same as before. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is a large amount of fluid around both lungs, fluid in the lungs, spots in the lung, and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in both lungs. Lymph nodes in the right lung are bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart vessels.
Fluid around the left lung is no longer seen. There is less fluid around the right lung with hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lungs is seen. The heart is enlarged.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the lungs are growing. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Spots and airway damage in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. New spots in the upper lungs. A ladybug sized growth in the left lung is larger than before. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. Mild hardened growths in the heart.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs are probably due to loss of air. Tiny growths throughout the lungs look the same as the last scan. Enlarged lymph node in the upper chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is a hazy gray area of the lungs. New hazy areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to inflammation. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Thickening of the bottoms of both lungs with damage of the airways looks the same as the last scan but may be due to a prior infection.
Abnormal fluid in the airways with thickening of the airway. Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Prior surgery of the esophagus as seen before. Fluid around both lungs is no longer seen. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as the last scan. A pea sized hazy gray growth is the same size as before. Scarring and loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs is seen again.
Scarring and thickening of the bottom of the lungs and damage of the airways are due to scarring. Prior surgery of the top of the left lung. The esophagus is thickened which may be due to acid reflux. Parts of the heart are widened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, likely due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The blood vessel going to the heart is mildly hardened. The parathyroid gland has been removed.
A few growths in the lungs look the same as normal. Loss of air in the top of the right lung is seen again. Part of the esophagus is wider than normal. Prior surgery of a bone of the lower spine.
A blood clot in the lung looks smaller than before.
There is less fluid around the top of the right lung than before. There is a new tiny amount of air in the bottom of the left lung. Abnormal fluid in the breastbone and a pouch around the aorta looks the same as before.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. Prior surgery of the chest.
Signs of inflammation of the airways with new hazy gray areas in the right lung is seen again. Loss of air in the left lung is noted again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. The airways are thickened due to airways disease. There is mucus blockage in the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lugs. Hazy gray areas and thickening in the left lung look the same as before. The aorta and its valve are mildly hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the skin. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Spots in the liver. Abnormal curvature and age related changes of the spine.
Growth in the lungs looks the same as before. The airways are thickened. The blood vessel and aorta are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is air around the right lung. The bottom of the left lung is collapsed.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Old damage and thickening of the airways. Associated growths and hazy gray areas in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm. The thymus looks bigger than usual. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. Spots in both lungs look the same as before. A large growth in the bottom of the left lung is larger than before, and there are haziness in the right lung as seen before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. There has been prior radiation treatment of the left breast. Fatty growth in the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The left breast has had surgery.
Thickening and hazy gray areas in both lungs are seen and may be due to fluid in the lungs or inflammation. Lymph nodes in the right lung are bigger than before. Other lymph node in the chest look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen the last time. There is less effluid around the right lungs than before. A small part of the chest is bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardened growths in the heart. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Mildly large breast tissue.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Smoking related changes in the lungs. There is some airway damage in the bottom of the lung.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung is the same as before. Other hazy growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the right lung. Loss of air in the airways of the middle of the left lung is seen again. Part of the lung is bulging through the right rib. Abnormal mucus in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph nodes in the abdomen and the thyroid look the same as last time. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. Scarring in the top of the right lung and the right lower lobe. The esophagus is thickened, probably due to acid reflux. A small part is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is enlarged. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. Loss of height in bones of mid spine.
Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. Groups of tiny spots in the lungs are probably due to airways disease. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is more fluid around the right lung than before with loss of air in the right base. Damage of the airways and scarring of both lungs is seen again and is likely from prior covid. The aorta is wider than normal. Mild hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The spleen has been removed. The spine is curved.
Spread of cancer throughout the lungs. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes and spots in the top of the lungs are seen again, likely due to blockage of the airways. A pea sized growth in the upper left lung looks the same as the last exam. Loss of air, thickened growths, and hardening in the lung is seen once again.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is no longer seen. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. A lymph node in the right chest is bigger than normal. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Patchy patterns of the lungs could be due to air not being able to leave the lungs. Fatty growth in the heart. The main blood vessel going to the lungs is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels, aorta's valve, and the aortas are hardened. Fat in the liver
There is fluid in the airways of the bottom of the lungs with some airway damage. There is contrast dye in the blood vessels of the chest. Prior surgery of the upper spine.
Fluid around the right lung with some loss of air is seen once again. A hazy gray area in the top of the right lobe is no longer seen. Lymph nodes in the chest are enlarged. The thyroid is larger than normal with some hardened growths. Prior heart surgery. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the aorta are hardened.
There is thickening of the airways. Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. The aorta and the heart's arteries are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels, and the aorta's valve. Age-related changes in the middle spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild airway damage. The aorta and blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
