Spread of cancer to the lungs looks better than before. An 11 mm growth in the bottom of the right lung is smaller than before.. Lymph nodes in the left lung are hardened. Prior thyroid surgery.
Mild damage, mucus blockage, and thickening of the airways. Severe hardening of valves in the aorta and heart. A valve in the heart is severly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs looks the same as before.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are seen again. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The gallbladder has been removed.
Mild damage of the airways. Mild hazy gray areas in the left lung. Mild bulging of the stomach. This is probably due to an inflammatory process such as pneumonia. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung.
Growth in the top of the right lung looks worse than before. Loss of air, loss of volume, and inflammation of the lung may be due to worsening cancer. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There are tiny growths in the lungs. Damage of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Areas of fluid or inflammation and fluid around the lung due to swallowing something into the right lung. There is foreign body in the right lower lobe. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Mild fluid in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest were no longer seen. Old fracture in a right rib.
There is a mild loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Mild fatty liver.
Old loss of air in the right lung. New hazy gray area and thickening in the bottom of the left lung. Damage and destruction of the airways and growths in right lung are seen again, with a new growth that is worse than before. There is more damage and area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lungs. There are more hazy areas of haziness in the lungs. A spot in the left lower lobe looks smaller than the last scan but is smaller than before.. There is a tiny increase in the volume of right lung fluid/healing. A pencil eraser sized spot on the left side of the lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the thyroid. Fractures in right ribs on the right side are healed.
Patchy spots with areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs. Small amount of abnormal air around the chest. Smoking related changes in the right chest are seen.
A growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. An 8.8-inhugmug in the left upper lung looks smaller than before. There is more fluid around the lungs with some growths. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. An enlarged lymph node near the windpipe is unchanged. The blood vessels of the heart are larger than normal, probably due to low blood count. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
There is mild damage of the airways with some mucus blockage. Loss of air in the left lung is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Small amount of fluid around the left lungs with some loss of air. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm as seen before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. The airways are thickened. There is a tiny amount of abnormal air around the right airway. Severe smoking-related lung changes. Patchy spots in the right lower lobe may be due to infection. Prior removal of the esophagus and stomach. There are more tiny lymph nodes in the chest. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior radiation treatment in the top of the left lung. Prior surgery in the left chest. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. A lymph node in the left armillary is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Scattered tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung.
Mild hardening of the aorta. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Growths in the middle and left lung, some in the airways, and scarring of the lungs is seen again, due to small airway disease. There is scarring in the tops of both lungs.
A few growths in the lungs are smaller than before. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A growth in the top of the right lung is blocking airways again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right chest look the same or worse than before. There is a fatty growth in one of the shoulder muscles.
Abnormal air in the right lung is no longer seen. An area of fluid in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. Prior surgery of the stomach and abscess in the esophagus. Small pouches in the chest are seen again, the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta's valve are hardened. There is more fluid around the left chest than before.
There is a new pencil eraser sized growth. There are other tiny growths. Smoking related changes are seen again. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal as seen before. Prior thyroid surgery. Smoking-related lung changes. Prior surgery of the left breast. Age related changes in the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways is probably due to inflammation. A button sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is unchanged from the last scan. The thyroid is bigger than normal. There is a pouch in the lower aorta. Severe hardening of both blood vessels of the heart as seen before. A valve in the heart is hardened and the valve of the anaphragm is hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Prior surgery of the neck and right shoulder. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs look the same as before.
There is thickening and damage of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The tops of both lungs are scarred. Mucus blockage of the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. A valve in the aorta is hardened.
Spots in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. Abnormal fluid in the airways of the right lung. There is mild damage of the airway. A small part is bulging through the diaphragm. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
A large spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other small growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones of the mid spine.
A large part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Spread of cancer to the bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Small growths in the right lung look the same as before. Smoking related changes, damage, and thickening of the airways in the tops of the lungs is seen again. There is some mucus present in the left lung. Smoking-related lung changes and airway damage, with some loss of air in the bottom of the right lower lung. Mild mucus blockage of the left side of the carina. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before. A valve in the heart is hardened.
The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened.
There is a group of tiny spots in the bottom of the left lung. There is abnormal fluid and material in the gastric conduit. Prior surgery of the esophagus. The heart's arteries are hardened. Right kidney stone. Stones are seen in the gall bladder. Old fractures in the right ribs.
Tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before. Growth in the right part of the thyroid. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Thickening, hazy gray areas in the lungs, and hazy areas of fluid in the lung are seen. There is a patchy pattern of the lung that could have different causes. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen, and are hardened. An enlarged lymph node near the windpipe is bigger than normal. A lymph node in the right chest is larger than expected, and is hardened. The tops of the heart are bigger than expected. A valve in the heart is hardened and the aorta's valve is mildly hardened.
The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. Soft tissue spot in the right hilum looks the same amount as before. A small part of the stomach has been bulged through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels and the valve of the aorta are mildly hardened. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine.
Small growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The thymus looks big.
Groups of growths in both lungs look smaller than before. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the left lung. Loss of air in the base of the right lung. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The aorta and the blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Spread disease of cancer to the bones.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung as seen before. Increased thickening of the right lung and thickening is seen again. There is more fluid around the lung than before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta may be mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung. Smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of the lungs. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal as seen before. The thyroid looks smaller than normal again. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphram. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine.
Abnormal fluid in the airways in the top of the right lung. There is mild thickening and damage of the airway. Scarring in the tops of both lungs. Mild thickening of the lungs, better than before. Areas of haziness and areas of fluid or inflammation in the right and left lungs look better than the last scan. Groups of tiny growths in the left lung are seen, probably due to airways disease. Small group of groups in the bottom of the left lobe. Small amount of fluid around the right side of the lung, the same as before. Left lung fluid is gone. The esophagus has been removed. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. There are enlarged lymph nodes near the left collar bone. The heart is bigger than expected. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
A large growth in the right lung is blocking the airways. Area of fluid or inflammation and area of mucus blockage in the left lung may be due to prior infection. Smoking related changes in the lungs. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Left adrenal gland is enlarged.
Prior surgery of the right lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung is the same as before. A lymph node in the chest has increased in size and is bigger than normal. Age related changes of the mid spine. There is a new pea in the right back.
Mild thickening of the airways and mucus blockage. New ladybug sized spot in the bottom of the right lung. New hazy gray areas in the middle of the left lobe. New signs of inflammation in the right airway. Spots in the top of the Right lung look better than before and may be due to blockage with mucus. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Prior thyroid surgery. Loss of height in bone of the lower spine looks the same as before. Prior surgery of right shoulder.
Mild damage of the airways. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Other smaller growths in the lung. The heart's arteries and aorta are hardened. The beginning is hardened. Age related change in the middle of the spine.
Severe smoking-related lung changes. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks smaller than before. A tiny spot in the left lung is no longer seen and was probably due to mucus blockage. Small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Multiple spots in the bottom of the right lung look the same as before.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Damage of the airways is seen again and looks the same as before. Patchy spots in the lungs are probably due to inflammation. There is a new spot in the top of the right lung. Lymph nodes in chest are bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and the aorta's valve are hardened. Hardening a valve in the heart is seen.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung is unchanged. Some tiny growths in the lungs are seen again, some are hard to see. Loss of height of a bone in the mid spine looks the same as before.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. There is more fluid around the right lung than before. Small hazy areas of worsening haziness in the lungs with new area of fluid or inflammation.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung, and the bottom of both lungs look worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Abnormal pouches in the stomach.
Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. Scarring or loss of air in both lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild loss of air in the lung. A few sacs are seen in the bottom of the right lung. There are a few tiny growths in the lungs, some are hardened. Prior heart surgery. There is a fracture in a right rib.
Mild airway damage in the bottom of the right lung. Group of tiny spots in the top of the left lung with some hardening. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
There are hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal, probably due to blockage of vessels. The heart is enlarged.
Spots in the left lung are probably lymph nodes. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways with some mucus blockage. Tiny growth in the top of the right lung. There is a large clot in the right jugular vein.
Scattered tiny growths are seen. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Mild thickening of the esophagus is seen, probably due to acid reflux. Smoking related changes in the top of the heart. The heart's arteries are hardened. The gallbladder was previously removed. Age related changes of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of abnormal air around the right lung.
The bottom of the right lung is collapsing. Spread of cancer to the lungs looks the same as before. Prior radiation treatment of right breast. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened. There is hardening of the liver. Abnormal patter in the abdomen. This looks worse than before.
Mild thickening of the airways. The blood vessels of heart are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs and areas of fluid or inflammation with scarring in the bottom of the left lung. Growths in the lung look the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal. There are some small growths in the thyroid with some loss of size. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A large fatty growth in the right lung looks the same as before. Small growths in the lungs are unchanged. Damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery. The aortas's valve is hardened. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs with airway testing are probably due to swallowing/pneumonia. Other hazy gray areas in the lungs. Old fractures in the left ribs.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
Damage and thickening of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs is seen. There are smoking related changes in the upper lungs. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Mild thickening in the bottom of the left lung probably due to a previous blood clot in the left lower lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through to the outside. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
There is mild loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Small growth in the top of the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine are seen.
Groups of small growths in the top of the right lung look smaller than before. Other growths are unchanged. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Loss of air in the left lung looks the same as before. Growths in the lungs look the same a before. There is mucus in the windpipe.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung which is pressing on the airways. Tiny growths in the left upper lobe look the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest and chest are bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe. There is an enlarged lymph node near the heart. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. Prior surgery of the gallbladder.
There is scarring and loss of air in the bottom of the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. There are pencil eraser sized growths in the top of the right lung. There is a pea sized hazy gray growth in the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's arteries and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Patchy pattern of the bottom of the lungs is probably due to small airway disease. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. There is hardening of a valve in the heart. Prior heart surgery. Moderate hardening.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs with loss of air. Areas of fluid in the lung look better than before. Small growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is a small amount of fluid around the right lung and a tiny amount of mucus in the left lung. Abnormal material in the windpipe and airways. Left atrial heart is bigger than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Prior heart surgery. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Patchy spots in the top of the right lung. New moderate amount of fluid around both lungs. There is a new large amount around the heart. The beginning of the aorta is widened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Moderate-sized part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes. A small amount of fluid around the left lung is seen. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. There are hardened spots in the bones, probably due to spread of cancer.
There are tiny growths in both lungs. There is a group of growth in the tops of both lungs bilaterally. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The beginning of the anaphragm is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening and damage of the airways is seen due to scarring. There are hardened spots in both lungs. The heart's arteries and the aorta's valve are hardened. Hardened spots in the lungs look the same as before. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes, damage, and thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways. Growths in the left lung look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the right lung looks the same as before.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left chest looks the same as before.
A spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Smoking-related lung changes. Thickening. There are hardened spots throughout the aorta. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart as seen before. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Prior surgery of the heart. Mild air loss in the lungs. The heart's arteries and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the aorta's valve and the left atrial appendage. Lymph nodes in chest are bigger than normal. The left lung is wider than normal and there is a small amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are reactive.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of both lungs are seen. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Thickening of the airways is probably due to infection and or asthma. Abnormal air in the chest.
There are some spots in the lungs. There is a small amount of fluid around both lungs.
There is a new spot in the top of the right lung. There are also new tiny growths in the right upper lobe. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The heart is big.
Thickening of the tops of the lungs is probably due to fluid in the lungs. There is some loss of air in the left lung. Pencil eraser sized growths in the top of the right thyroid look the same as before. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve.
Small amounts of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air.
There are smoking-related lung changes. The aorta is hardened. Age related changes in the shoulders.
Scattered tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is some thickening in the top of the left lung. There are some smoking related changes. Loss of height of bone of the mid spine is seen again.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armillary and chest are bigger than before. Lymph nodes around the right lung are increasing in size. There is more enlargement of lymph nodes near the heart.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the left lung are almost gone. Thickening, with damage of the airways, is seen in the bottom of both lungs. There is a patchy pattern of the right lung that may have different causes. Mild airway damage. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe looks the same as before. Part of the heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Prior surgery of the left kidney as seen before. Small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen.
A ladybug sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A button sized hazy gray growth in in the top of the left lung is unchanged. Destructive spots in bones of the mid spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Thickening of the bottoms of the lungs is seen again and hazy gray areas in the lungs are seen again.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air is seen in the bottoms of both lungs. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lung. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are hardened.
There is mild damage and thickening of the airways with some thickening. Pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The heart's arteries and aorta are hardened. Age related changes are seen in the middle of the spine.
There are patchy hazy gray areas in both lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen. Smoking related changes and scarring of the tops of the lungs is seen.
Spread of cancer to both lungs looks the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest look bigger than before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs.
Prior surgery of the middle of the right lung. Spots in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to airway disease. Mild hardening of the heart's arteries and aorta. Destructive and hardened spot in a right rib looks the same as before.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung with some mucus blockage of the airways. There is a grape sized growth in bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thickened which may be due to acid reflux. The soft tissues are swollen. The aorta is mildly hardened. Spots in the spine.
There is loss of air and scarring of the bottom of both lungs.
There are new tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Small airway disease is seen in the top of the right lung. Spread of cancer to the bones with some rib fractures.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Hardened spots in the bones of the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than before.
Groups of growths in the lungs are seen again. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Prior surgery of both shoulders.
Abnormal fluid in the right lung and abnormal air in the bottom of the left lung. There are multiple spots in the tops of the lungs. Small amount of fluid around both lungs with chest tubes in place. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. There is a lot of abnormal air under the skin.
There is a new tiny growth in the middle of the right lobe. Thickening and growths in the right lung look better than before. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of both lungs may be due to loss of air. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Hardening of the aorta is seen. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
The heart is bigger than normal. Spots in the bones and soft tissues are probably due to spread of cancer.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Hardened spots in both lungs, with spots along the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs.
The tops of the lungs are scarred. There is a sac in the bottom of the right lung.
A growth in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The blood vessels of the lungs are bigger than normal. Spots in the spine look bigger than before with some hardening.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are multiple new spread of cancer in the lungs. The left part of the heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel going to the lungs is larger than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. There is a spot in a bone of the mid spine.
Scarring in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Gallstones. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Mild thickening of the airways. The right kidney has been removed.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs. Prior heart surgery.
Prior surgery of right lung as seen before. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Smoking-related lung changes. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Spot in the right breast may be due to tissue that has been preserved.
Prior radiation treatment of the left lung with some abnormal material. Area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. Other small growths in the lungs. Signs of inflammation of the airways. Small amount of fluid around the lung. Spot in the skin in the left hilum. The aorta and its valve are hardened. There is a fracture in a bone of the mid spine. There are hardened spots and ornaments in both breasts.
There are small growths in the lungs. These were not seen on the prior scan.
Blockage of the airways in the top of the right lung is smaller than before due to infection. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's arteries are hardened. Old fractures in the left ribs.
There is mucus in the windpipe with thickening of the airways. Smoking related changes in the lungs. The left hemidiaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Abnormal fluid in the middle of the right lung with loss of air in the bottom of the left lung.
Prior surgery of the right lower lung as seen before. Mild damage of the airways. There is a button sized hazy gray growth in the right upper lung. There are other hazy growths in the left lung. Growths are also seen in the lung. Tiny growths look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Abnormal curvature of the lung may be due to prior surgery.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones looks worse than before.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs look better than before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. The heart's valve is hardened.
There are spots in the tops of the lungs. The thyroid has been removed. The blood vessels of the heart are bigger than normal. Low blood count.
There are some smoking related changes. Scarring in the tops of both lungs.
Tiny growth in the left lung looks the same as before. Growths in both sides of the left thyroid. Sacs in the lungs are seen again and are probably due to inflammation.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before.
The airways are thickened. Scattered areas of mucus blockage in the lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Small hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thickened which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach has been bulging through the wall. Fatty growths in the tops of the heart are seen. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is bigger than normal which can be seen due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The soft tissues are mildly hardened. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart.
Growth in the left lung is probably a lymph node. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and chest. There is enlarged lymph node near both collar bones.
There are low lung volumes. Damage of the airways is seen again and is probably due to inflammation. Thickening of the tops of both lungs looks the same as before.
There are a few new tiny growths in the lungs. New signs of enlargement in the thymus. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Loss of air in the left lung is seen again. Abnormal fluid in the airways of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Smoking-related lung changes. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the lungs are unchanged. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Thickening in the right lung is probably due to prior radiation therapy. Prior thyroid surgery. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
There is loss of air in both lungs. Mild damage in the airways in the bottoms of the lungs is probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Small growths in both lungs. Pencil eraser sized spot in the right lung may be a tissue or a lymph node. Mild thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen. The top of the aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung is the same as before. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's arteries and aorta are hardened. Stones are seen. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Small growths in the thyroid are seen. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening and fluid around the right lung looks the same as before. There is a new button sized growth in the top of the left lung. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe and other lymph nodes in the chest and lungs. The heart is mildly bigger than normal. Hardened spots in the aorta and its valve.
Fractures in the ribs are healed. There is enlargement of breast tissue on both sides.
There is some loss of air in the bottom of the lungs. Tiny growths in the right lung look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The cholecyst has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A patchy area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung with hazy gray areas is due to pneumonia.
There are severe smoking related changes throughout both lungs. There are hazy gray areas in the bottom of both lungs probably due to scarring. Spots in the lungs may be due to mucus blockage. Also, there is some blockage of airways in both lungs with mucus. The airways look narrower than normal, which can be seen due to airway damage. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal which may be the result of high blood pressure in the lung. The aorta is extensively hardened. Loss of height of bone of the upper spine.
The heart is bigger than normal. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armput Mild hardening of the aorta. There are enlarged lymph nodes around the chest as seen before.
Old scarring, thickening, and damage of the airways of the lungs. Some hazy gray areas are seen in the lungs, some are hard to see. Scattered tiny lung growths are seen. The esophagus is wider than normal and is bulging through the wall. Prior heart surgery. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Prior surgery of the upper spine. Gallstones.
Mild hazy gray areas with thickening of the lungs. Small amount of fluid around the right lung. Abnormal air in the chest is probably due to recent surgery. Prior surgery of the aorta. The heart is bigger than normal and there is an enlarged part of the heart is bulging through the diaphragm. Prior heart surgery. There is swelling of the body wall.
Hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs with thickening. Small amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air at the bottom of the lung. Small right lung fluid collection. The heart is larger than normal. Low blood count. There is some fluid around both lungs.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Inflammation of the airways looks better than before. Old thickening of right lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta and are hardened.
Thickening and damage of the airways is due to inflammation. Scarring in the middle of the right lung and at the bottoms of the left lung. Tiny growths in the left lower lung. There is a tiny growth in the lung.
Groups of growths in the lungs are seen again, probably due to lymph nodes. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. New tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Other small growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung with damage of the airways looks the same as before and may be due to cancer. Areas of inflammation and hazy gray areas look worse than before. An index growth in the left lower lung looks smaller than the before.
A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm as seen before. There is a blood clot in the right lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. The growths look the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
Thickening and mucus blockage of the airways is due to large airway disease. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The hearts valves and aorta are hardened.
Small amount of air around the right lung. Loss of air and areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of both lungs are seen. Prior surgery of the esophagus as seen before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Abnormal fluid in the left chest wall with associated changes of the lining.
Prior surgery of the tops of the lungs as seen before. Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. A dime sized growth in the top of the left lung looks a little bigger than before. Spots in the left fissure look smaller than before..
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Scattered tiny growths in the lungs are unchanged. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Weakening of the bones due to age related changes.
Age related changes of the middle spine. Enlarged breast tissue. There is a left breast tissue growth.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Small amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air at the bottoms. Mild thickening of the lungs. Area of fluid or inflammation in the middle of the right lung with hazy gray areas. Loss of air in areas of the lung is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the lining. Prior surgery of the chest. The heart is big. The valve of the aorta is hardened. There is a tiny hardened spot in the heart. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Abnormal pouches in the abdomen. Smoking related changes in the skin.
A large spot in the top of the right lung is seen again. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The aorta is mildly hardened. Prior radiation treatment.
There is a large amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. The lung is also thickened. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Prior gastric surgery. The gallbladder has been removed.
A growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs with some thickening. Thickening of the airways. Scarring in the tops of both lungs. Scattered tiny growths are seen throughout the lungs. Mild hardening of heart's blood vessels and aorta. Right kidney stone. Age related changes are seen in the middle spine. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around the right lung. There is some abnormal air around the left lung with some abnormal material in the airways. There are hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs are seen. Small amount to moderate fluid around part of the lung. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the stomach is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs.
Mild damage of the airways, especially in the top of the right lung. Mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. There is mucus in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is hardened. Prior surgery of the left breast and armpit.
There are new group of hazy gray areas in the left lung. Smoking related changes in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs. Smoking-related lung changes. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is more fluid around both lungs than before. There is loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs where there was fluid before. New hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the left lung may be due to infection. Spots in the esophagus are seen again and are probably due to prior surgery or radiation.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs look worse than before. New tiny amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs look the same as before. Moderate hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Low blood count.
There are smoking-related lung changes. Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. Growths in the top of the left lung are bigger than before with new and larger growths. Spread of cancer to the breast bone looks the same as before.
Growth in the tops of both lungs is seen. Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen. Abnormal mucus in the right airways. There is a small amount of mucus around the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the heart. Hardening of the heart's blood vessels and stents.
Mild smoking related changes of the lungs are seen. A tiny growth in the right lung looks the same as before. There is a small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm with some loss of air.
There are growths in the lungs. Thickening of the airways.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Small growths in the thyroid. The hearts blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones is seen again. A fracture in the breast bone is healed.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. This should be payed attention to on follow up. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the right lower lung and middle of the left lung as seen before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Smoking-related lung changes. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Scarring, thickening, and damage of the airways of the bottom of the lungs. Signs of inflammation in the right airways are seen again. A spot with areas of fluid or inflammation is seen again and is seen through the right upper lung airways. Small amount of fluid is seen around the lung. The esophagus is wider than normal and there is some abnormal fluid in the stomach. The heart is mildly bigger than normal. There is a small amount of water around the heart.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's valves are hardened. The aorta is hardened. Hardening of the heart's blood vessels is seen.
Smoking related changes of the lungs. Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. Mild rise of the left part of the diaphragm. A small part a hernia is bulging through the skin. Part of the heart is bigger than normal. The aorta, heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Left kidney stone.
A large growth in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Smoking related changes are seen in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths are seen in the lungs. There is scarring in the tops of both lungs with hardening. The airways are mildly thickened probably due to airway disease. There are areas of mucus blockage in the lower lungs.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. There is more thickening and thickening in the middle of the right lung than before. Tiny spots in the lungs.
There is a small growth in the left lung. The heart is bigger than normal and there is an enlarged aorta on the left side of the heart. The hearts valves are hardened. There is a fracture in the right collar bone. Hardening of both breasts.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. Other small growths in the lungs look the same as before. The airways are mildly thickened. Damage of the airways is seen in the bottoms of the lungs. A valve in the heart is hardened.
Growth in the middle of the right lung is probably due to a lymph node. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung is seen.
Mucus blockage of the lungs. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung is smaller than before. More growths in the right upper lobe look the same as before. New button sized hazy gray area in the left upper lung. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
There is an area of fluid or inflammation. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The aorta's valve is hardened. Low blood count. The gallbladder has been removed.
Tiny growth in the right lung seen before is no longer seen. Tiny growths in the top of the left lung look better than before. Pencil eraser sized spot in the bottom of the right lower lung is not seen anymore and may have been treated. A button sized growth seen before in the lower right lung is now seen. Prior radiation treatment of right lung. There is more thickening and damage of the airways in the lungs from prior treatment with radiation. There are less hazy gray areas seen before. New small growths and damage to the right airways. Small amount of fluid around the right lungs. The heart's arteries and valve of the aorta are hardened. A ladybug sized growth on the right breast is seen.
Prior surgery of the left lung. Thickening of the airways is probably due to inflammation. Mild hardening of both kidneys. Age related changes in the middle of the spine are seen.
There is a tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. Tiny growths in both lungs. There are pea-sized hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung. A tiny growth is seen in the right lower lung. There is an airway in the top of the lung that is not inflamed. Scarring of the tops of the lungs is seen. Smoking related changes in the lungs.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways due to inflammation. A button sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is smaller than last time. Tiny growths in the right lower lobe are smaller than before. A pencil eraser sized spot in the left lung looks smaller. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. Prior surgery of the left breast surgery.
A few tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. There are some small growths around the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny spot in the right lung looks the same as before and is probably a lymph node. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve and the top of the antero. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart with hardening. Spots in the liver are seen, the largest of which is a sac in the left kidney. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. There is damage of the airways and scarring associated with scarring on the right top of the right lung. Thickening of the lungs, mucus blockage, and airway damage is seen. A small amount of fluid is seen in the esophagus. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are bigger than normal. Abnormal fluid and material seen in there is probably due to acid reflux or it not moving properly. The heart is big. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably because of high blood pressure in the lungs. Low blood count. Age related changes in the spine. There are swelling of the body wall.
A button sized spot in the bottom of the right lung is seen and could be due to mucus. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Old loss of height in the breastbone. The aorta is hardened. Loss of air in the bladder is seen.
Prior surgery of the left lung as seen before. There is a small amount of air in the lung that may be due to air not being able to leave the lung due to prior lung surgery. There are also 2 other areas of fluid in the chest that are bigger than the others. Also, there is abnormal fluid around the lung, which may be from infection. Smoking related changes in the top of the right lung. A tiny amount of mucus is seen in the windpipe. The main blood vessel going to the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. A lymph node in the right chest is seen. Abnormal pouches in the large intestine are seen again.
Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung looks better than before. Areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung have improved, but there are still hazy spots and spots. Fluid around the left lungs is no longer seen. The heart is enlarged as seen before. Age related changes and loss of height of bones of the mid spine look the same as before.
Small amount of fluid around both lungs. Air around the left lung is seen.
There is a small amount of air around the left lung. There is a spot in the top of the right lung. Smoking related changes in the lungs look the same as before. The spleen is bigger than normal. There are smoking-related changes in both lungs.
Prior surgery in the bottom of the left lung as seen before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Mild loss of air in both lungs. There is a hardened spot in a right rib. The spleen is bigger than normal. There are sacs in the left kidney. Spread of cancer to the liver.
There are new hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung.
An area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. Area of fluid in the top of the lungs is also seen. The heart is bigger than normal. Smoking-related lung changes.
Lymph nodes in the right neck look bigger than before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest has decreased in size and is smaller than normal. Other lymph nodes in chest are smaller than last time. Lymph nodes around the right lung have decreased in volume and are bigger than normal, although smaller since the left lymph node got bigger. A small amount of fluid around the heart looks the same as before. Smoking related changes are seen again in the lungs. A large growth in the upper lobe looks smaller than before..
A spot in the bottom of the right lung is probably due to loss of air. Tiny growths in the middle and right lung look the same as before. Old rib fractures in the left are seen again.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung due to the large hiatal hernia. Mild hardening of the heart's arteries and aorta. Large portion of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes are seen in the middle of the spine. Hardened of the breasts.
Tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are growths in the top of the left lung with some scarring. A tiny growth is seen in the left upper lung. There is a tiny growth in the right lung. A pea-sized growth is noted in the middle of the right lobe. Tiny growths are seen in both lungs. Small growths and scarring of the airways in the bottom of the Right lung is seen.
Small growths in the lungs look the same as before.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of both lungs. Scarring or loss of air in the lungs. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. There is less fluid around the lungs than before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few tiny growths in the lungs are unchanged.
A pea sized growth in the top of the right lung is probably due to infection.
New growths in the lungs look worse than before. New areas of fluid or inflammation in the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen again. The esophagus is widened.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially at the top. Thickening of the airways. There is a tiny outpouching of the heart's blood vessels. The heart's arteries and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Mild hardening of the hearts valves and aorta. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
The valve of the aorta is hardened with thickening of the heart's vessels and a pouch in the lung is seen again. The hearts valves are hardened.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation and scarring in the bottom of both lungs. Scarring and loss of air is seen in the top of the right lung. There are growths in the left thyroid. A small amount of fluid is around the heart.
Mild hardening of the aorta. Mild hardening around the heart. Hardened of the right adrenal gland is probably due to inflammation.
Pneumonia in the lung looks better than before. There is less damage of the airways than before, decreased in size. Moderate amount of air around the right lung. Prior heart surgery. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Severe smoking-related lung changes. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. The aorta is mildly hardened.
Small growths in the lungs and a growth in the middle of the right lung look the the same as before.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a small amount of fluid around the heart, increased from before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. New enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen. Hardening of the liver is seen again.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Patchy areas of fluid or inflammation with damage of the airways. Mild hardening of the heart's arteries and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Fluid around both lungs with loss of air looks the same as before. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Small amount of fluid around the heart as seen before. There is abnormal fluid in the abdomen.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
Mild thickening of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen. The esophagus is thickened which may be due to acid reflux. The heart is bigger than normal. Large portion of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Enlarged lymph node in the left chest is unchanged. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening in both lungs looks worse than before. Lymph nodes in the chest have increased in size and are bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are unchanged. The heart is bigger than normal. Hardened spots in the ribs and spine look the same as before, probably due to spread of cancer.
There are growths in both lungs. Growths look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Damage and thickening of the airways and mucus blockage. Age related changes of in the middle of the spine.
Fat in the top of the abdomen is seen again.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Small growths are seen in the right upper lobe. Other tiny growths in the lung are the same as before. Mild hardening of both kidneys and the aorta. Age related change in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes and scarring of the lung is seen. The airways are thickened. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as the last scan. The heart's blood vessels, aorta and its valve are hardened.
There is damage of the airways and mucus blockage. There is a group of tiny spots probably due to airways disease. Group of tiny growths in the left lung. The heart's blood vessels, aorta's valve, and the aort's valve are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Sac in the liver
The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is mildly wider than normal (32 mm). Hardening of the hearts valves. Hardening right chest wall. Age related changes in the right shoulder.
Signs of inflammation of the airways in the top of the left lung are seen. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A patchy area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the right lung is seen. A tiny spot in the top of the left lung has been seen before. Loss of air is seen in the middle of the lung. Small part of the stomach is bulging into the chest with some thickening of the esophagus. The aorta and its valve are mildly hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. A previously bigger than normal lymph node in the right armpit is smaller than before.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is unchanged. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild damage and mucus blockage of the lungs with mucus is seen again. Loss of height of a bone of the lower spine is seen.
Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Other small lung growths look the same as before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are severly hardened. The aortas valve is hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than before. New tiny growths in the left lower lung. New patchy and signs of inflammation in the airways in the upper left lung. There are severe smoking-related lung changes with thickening. Soft tissue spot near the hilum and lymph nodes in the chest have decreased in size. The heart is bigger than normal. Lymph nodes in chest are bigger than before as seen before. The Coronary artery and the aorta are hardened. Hardening of a left rib looks the same as before.
There is a patchy pattern of the lungs with some thickening. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The blood vessels of the lung are wider than normal. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. New clusters of growths in the right and left lungs. New tiny growth in the middle of the right lobe. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a tiny area of air around the right lung where there was before. There is less fluid around the left lung than before. A lot of mucus in the windpipe and airways in the right lower lobe. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior radiation treatment and loss of volume in the top of the right lobe. Growths in both lungs are seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal, although smaller since 2017. Prior surgery of the aorta and its valve. Fluid surrounding the repair of the heart is probably due to prior surgery. The blood vessels of heart are mildly hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The soft tissues are swollen.
A few small growths in the lungs are unchanged. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's valves. The valve of the aorta is mildly inflamed.
A large growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than before. A button sized growth is the same as before. There is a fingernail sized growth a little bit bigger than before, now the size of a ladybug. A ladybug sized growth has been treated with dye. The airways are thickened. The aorta and heart's blood vessels are hardened. Small amount of fluid around left lung is no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are connected to the growth. The esophagus is widened and has abnormal fluid and material.
Mild damage of the airways. Scarring at the bottoms of the lungs. Prior surgery of valves in the heart and the valve of the aorta. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
Mild hardening of the heart's arteries and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Hazy gray areas in both lungs. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is mildly wider than expected. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the heart's valve. Mild hardening in the beginning.
Loss of air in the right lung looks the same as before and is probably due to a growth. Loss of height of a bone of the mid spine as seen before.
Mild airway thickening. Scarring in the tops of both lungs. New small amount of fluid around the right lung. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior surgery of the chest. The skin of the right breast is thickened.
Groups of hardened growths in the top of the right lung look the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are hardened. Large portion of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels and aorta. There is a valve in the heart. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Scattered tiny growths in the lung look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the right lower lung looks the same. The esophagus is wider than normal. A tiny growth in the thyroid looks smaller than before. A spot in an a right rib looks the opposite of before. There is a hemangioma in a bone of T10 as seen before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Scattered tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The airways are mildly thickened. A hazy gray area in the bottom of the left lung may be due to infection or inflammation.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left neck. The soft tissues are swollen.
A few signs of inflammation of the airways in the lungs.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart with stents.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. There is a button sized growth in the left part of the thyroid.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe and airways of the left lung with some areas of fluid or inflammation. There is some loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. Sacs in the liver are seen.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the aorta and its valve. Small amount of fluid around both lungs with some abnormal fluid in the airways. There is abnormal fluid/fluid around the top of both lungs. The liver looks bigger than normal. The biliary duct is wider than normal There is a small area of fluid and air around the left adrenal gland which may be due to scarring. Abnormal fluid around the right lung is probably due to prior airway infection. The lungs look better than before, although there is scarring of the lung. The soft tissues are swollen.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Age-related changes in the spine.
A spot near the esophagus looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the right lower lung as seen before. Growths in the bottom of the left lung are bigger than before. Another tiny growth in the right lung looks the same as the last scan. Loss of air and patchy pattern of the lung is seen and is probably due to small airway disease. Smoking-related lung changes. Fluid is seen in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph node near the right armput Mild fluid is seen a little. The valve of the aorta is hardened. Hardened spot in the breastbone. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
There are pencil eraser sized growths in the bottom of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lungs. There is a pea-sized growth in the left thyroid with hardening and possible tissue damage. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Growths in the right lower lobe are bigger than before. Fluid around both lungs is seen. The esophagus is thickened. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine are seen.
Scattered tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lung look the same as before.
A nearby area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung may be due to loss of air. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Other areas of fluid are seen in the chest. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart, probably due to a blood clot.
A pea sized hardened growth in the right lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung are unchanged.
Growth in the thymus is probably due to enlarged lymph nodes. There is a hardened growth in the right chest port.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Spots in the lungs look the same as before. Thickening of the right lung is seen again. Abnormal pouches in the stomach are seen. Prior surgery of the left kidney.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around both lungs with some areas of fluid or inflammation.
A few small growths in the lungs are unchanged. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Mild damage of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before.
The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal as seen before.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung could be due to infection. Small amount of new fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right chest look better than before. There is a small amount of fluid aroud the heart.
Groups of tiny spots in both lungs are probably lymph nodes. There are other growths in the lungs. Growths and hazy areas of fluid or inflammation in the left lung are seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs.
There is loss of air in the left lung.
Hazy gray areas with patchy pattern in the lungs is seen. There is loss of air in the left lung. Fat around the left heart is probably due to a prior heart attack. Moderate hardening of the heart's blood vessels. There are enlarged breast tissue parenchyms.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen again. Scarring in the left lung looks the same as before with some damage of the airways. New hazy gray areas with spots in the right lung is probably due to inflammation. There is a new tiny growth in the bottom of the right lobe. Loss of air and scarring is seen in both lungs. The airways are mildly thickened. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart as seen before.
Small amount of fluid around both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Prior surgery of the right breast.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in both lungs. Severe hardening of both blood vessels and the aorta. Loss of height in bones of mid spine looks the same as before.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. Lymph nodes in the chest, chest, breast tissue, and neck are bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of water around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's arteries.
Mild damage of the airways. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. There is less fluid around the lung than before. A growth in the chest has gotten smaller. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Prior surgery of the mid spine with hardening in the back soft tissues.
Areas of fluid or inflammation, loss of air, and damage of the airways in the top of the right lung is seen again, probably due to prior treatment with radiation. Spread of cancer to the rib cage looks the same as before.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. This needs to be followed up with another scan. Fat in the liver.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are no longer seen. Smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Mild airway thickening and damage.
There are growths in the top of the right lung. Moderate to large sized part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. There is a valve in the heart is mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than before. A spot in the bottom of both lungs is probably due to small airway disease. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs are unchanged. Loss of air and scarring of the bottom of both lungs is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes near the left collar bone and esophagus look the same as before. The central blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are hardened. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of both lungs and areas of fluid or inflammation in the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Low blood count.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. Changes in the bottom of the lungs. New hazy gray areas and thickening in the tops of both lungs may be due to infection. Smoking related changes and airway thickening as seen before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
A growth in the top of the left lung looks better than before. Thickening of the lungs and hazy areas of fluid or inflammation in the left upper lobe are smaller than before.. The bottom of the right lung is better developing a growth that is blocking the airways. There is a small amount of fluid around the left lungs that is no longer seen. The airways are mildly thickened. A spot in the lung is seen again as seen before. A fingernail sized growth is the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Prior left breast surgery.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are seen and are probably due to infection. Fluid around the right lung is no longer seen. Hardened spots in the bottom of the left lung are seen again. Widening of the top of the aorta looks the same as before. Mild hardening around the heart.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal as seen before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Abnormal and hardened spots in the rib cage look the same as before and may be due to spread of cancer.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. The esophagus is mildly thickened. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung is unchanged. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe and in the airways of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the left lung, decreased from before. Lymph nodes in chest are mildly swollen. Prior surgery of the cervicothoracic.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways is probably due to inflammation. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. The stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The growths are unchanged. Prior thyroid surgery. The blood vessels of the lungs are wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is mucus blockage of the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Thickening in the right lung and fluid in the bottom of the left lung may be due to old fluid. Moderate hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Damage, thickening, and blockage of the airways with mucus in the bottom of the lungs is seen again and may be due to airways disease. Area of fluid or inflammation in the right lung is smaller than before. New hazy gray areas are seen in the lungs. Mild mucus blockage in the windpipe. Other tiny growths are the same as before. Mild hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Prior surgery of the left arm bone with less thickening than before.
There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung.
A pea-sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. An enlarged lymph node in the right chest is bigger than before. This should be followed up with another scan. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
There is less fluid around the right lung than before. The right lung has less fluid left in it. Growths in the right major fissure are smaller than before, now up to 1.9 cm. There is a tiny amount of left lung fluid as seen before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Cancer in the left breast with thickening of the skin. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before. Fractures in the ribs are healing.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Mild hardening around the heart and the aorta is seen. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Spots in the bottom of the right lung near healed rib fractures. Hardening of aorta is seen. Abnormal material in the gallbladder is probably due to contrast dye where it shouldn't be. Fractures in the right side of the spine are healed.
Scarring with hardening of the lungs is probably due to inflammation.
There is damage of the airways and mucus blockage. There are hazy growths in both lungs. A spot in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths look the same as before. The esophagus is widened and has some abnormal material. The heart is enlarged. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to an infection. Spots in the bottom of the left lung may be due to loss of air. A pea-sized growth in the left fissure may be a lymph node. A spot in the lung is probably a lymph nodes. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Thickening, damage, and blockage of the airways with mucus blockage and inflammation. This is worse than before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have different causes. Lymph nodes in the right lung and chest are hardened. There are small growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine are seen.
Prior surgery of the right upper lung as seen before. Small hazy growths in the lungs look the same as before. Other tiny growths are unchanged. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Stones are seen again. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Severe smoking-related lung changes. Damage of the airways. Spots in the top of the right lung look smaller than before and are probably due to healing. New button sized spot in the left lung. Scarring in the middle of the left lobe is seen. Spots in the right lower lung may be due to mucus blockage and airways disease. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Abnormal fluid in the esophagus. The aorta, its valve and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Prior stomach surgery.
Signs of inflammation in the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. There is a bulging aorta. Age related changes in the middle spine. Old fractures in the left ribs.
Mild damage of the airways. Mild mucus blockage in the windpipe.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Small growths in both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest with central necrosis are the same size as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Age related change in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung is smaller than before. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine. There is more thickening at the T6 and T10 levels.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung and scarring of the right lung. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are multiple new hazy areas of haziness in the bottom of the left lung. Scarring in the tops of the lungs. New spot in the top of the right lung is probably due to scarring. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Age-related changes in the middle spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. Spot in the left breast is bigger than before.
Thickening in the tops of both lungs is probably due to prior radiation treatment. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. Scattered tiny growths in the lungs are unchanged. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Prior removal of the gallbladder.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. There are patchy hazy areas of haziness in the right lungs. Tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Growth in the lower chest is probably blocking the right airways. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few small growths in the lungs are unchanged. Growths in the thyroid. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the lungs. The airways are thickened. Signs of inflammation in the airways. Prior radiation treatment in the top of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Prior surgery of the gallbladder.
Scarring, damage of the airways, loss of air, and hazy gray areas in the lungs are seen, probably due to swallowing things into the lungs or infection. A pea sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal and part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Low blood count. There is a small sac in the left kidney as seen before.
There are smoking-related lung changes. There are hazy gray areas in the lungs. There is fat in the liver.
Groups in both lungs are seen and are probably due to spread of cancer. Damage of the airways in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air and scarring. Thickening of the lungs is seen. Enlarged lymph node in the chest has increased in size and is bigger than normal. Other lymph nodes in the abdomen look bigger than before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta's vascular system are hardened.
Air around the left lung is probably due to previous chest tube infection. The heart is bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Old rib fractures on the right look the same as before.
Growth in the left lung looks bigger than before. The growths look the same as before. Signs of inflammation in the airways are seen again and are probably due to inflammation. There is a small bulging spot in the right breastbone muscle. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung with new fluid. There is a new enlarged lymph node in the chest. Enlarged breast tissue. Prior surgery of left chest.
Hardened spots in the right lung are seen again. Small amount of fluid is seen around the left lung.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Small growths in both lungs look smaller than before. Mild secretions in the windpipe. A lymph node in the left neck has decreased in size in size. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten smaller. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but worse than before. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Age related changes in the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs.
Smoking related changes. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but a new tiny growth is seen in the right lung. There is fat in the liver.
Prior radiation treatment of the left breast. Fractures in the left ribs are seen. Mild hardening of the liver is seen. Fracture of the right ribs.
A group of tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung is probably due to infection.
A tiny hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung may be due to infection or inflammation.
Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. Tiny growth in the top of the left lung is smaller than before. Scattered tiny growths look the same as before.
Hazy gray areas in both lungs and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the chest are due to Covid. Smoking related changes. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. Small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Mild enlargement of the left breast tissue.
Scattered tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Small amounts of fluid around both lungs are seen again, increased on the right. The thyroid is bigger than normal and has multiple growths as seen before. Old fractures in the spine and ribs.
Spread of cancer throughout the right lung looks better than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten smaller.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs are seen. Lymph nodes in the right arm are bigger than before.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung are unchanged from before. A tiny growth in a tiny spot in the left upper lobe is unchanged.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Thickening of the lung is seen again. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Hardening of aorta is seen. Spread of cancer to the bones looks like before.
A few small growths in the lungs are unchanged. Spot in a right rib looks the same as before. Lymph nodes in the right shoulder left back are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs are unchanged. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Patchy hazy gray areas in the top of the lungs look the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's arteries and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine. Muscular growth in the left back, a benign growth.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. A tiny growth is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same the last scan. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is widened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves in the heart. Loss of height of bone of mid spine.
Growths in the right lung look the same as before. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs are smaller than before. A nickel sized growth in the right part of the thyroid looks the same as before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung. There is abnormal fluid in the supraclavicular and lung areas. Age related changes of the middle of the spine are seen.
There are some bulging blood vessels in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Prior surgery in the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Growths in the right lower lung look the same as before. Hardening of the aorta and its valve. Hardened of the heart's blood vessels and valves.
The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. A large growth in the bottom of the left lung is bigger than before. Small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The esophagus is thicker than normal with some widening which may be due to acid reflux. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Small blood clot in the right jugular vein is seen again.
Scarring in the top of the left lung look the same as before. Spread of cancer to the ribs looks the same. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is a lot of fluid around both lungs, fluid in the lungs, and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottoms of both lungs. Lymph nodes near the windpipe are bigger than before, probably due to infection. Hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Fluid around the left lung is no longer seen. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen again. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the lungs are larger than before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Spots and damage of the airways of the top of the right lung look the same and may be due to inflammation. New spots in the right and left lung. A ladybug sized growth near the right eye is bigger than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Moderate hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to loss of air. Small growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are seen. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Thickening and damage of the airways of the bottoms of both lungs looks the same as before.
Abnormal fluid in the airways and thickening of the airway. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen. Prior surgery of the esophagus. There is less abnormal fluid and material in the abdomen. A lymph node in the right lung has decreased in size and is no longer seen. The aorta and blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Growths in the middle and bottom of the left lung look the same as before. Grape sized growth in the top of the right lung. Scarring, loss of air, and loss of volume of the lung is seen again.
Thickening, damage of the airways, and scarring are seen again. Air is not able to leave the lungs. Prior surgery of bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. Parts of the stomach are widened. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The parathyroid gland has been removed.
A few small growths in both lungs look the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Prior surgery of a bone in the lower spine.
A blood clot in the lung looks better than before.
There is less fluid around the top of the right lung than before. There is a tiny loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Damage of the airways in the right lungs due to prior radiation treatment.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart, the aorta, and the spleen. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. Prior surgery of the chest.
Signs of inflammation of the airways in the right lung with new hazy gray areas in the lungs are seen again. Loss of air in the left lung is seen again and may be due to air loss. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. The airways are thickened probably due to airways disease. There is mucus blockage in the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lugs. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. The aorta and its valve are mildly hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
Hazy growths in both lungs look the same as before. The airways are mildly thickened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Prior surgery of the right lung. The bottom of the left lung is collapsed.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Old scarring and thickening of the airways. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal (31 mm). The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. Spots in both lungs are seen again, including a large growth in the bottom of the left lung which is causing fluid in the airways. Mild hazy gray areas in the base of the right lung may be due to inflammation. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Increased thickening in the lungs is probably due to smoking. Prior radiation treatment of the left breast with some loss of volume. Fatty growth in the top of the heart is seen. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Prior left breast surgery.
Thickening of the lungs and hazy gray areas in both lungs may be due to fluid in the lungs or inflammation. Lymph nodes in the right lung have increased in size. Severe hardening of both arteries and aorta. Hardening of right lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Decreased amount of fluid around the left lung, now a tiny amount. Small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's arteries. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is mild damage of the bottom of the lung.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung is unchanged. Other smaller hazy growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and lungs and the aorta are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the right lung. Loss of air in the airways of the middle of the lungs is seen again. Part of the lung is bulging through the diaphragm as seen before. Abnormal mucus in the windpipe. Moderate-sized part of the stomach bulges through the lining of the thyroid and looks the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Spot in the right liver is probably a sac or growth.
Mild airway thickening. Damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs is probably due to infection or inflammation. Scarring in the right lung. There are hardened lymph nodes in the chest. The esophagus is mildly thickened which may represent acid reflux. Small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is big. Loss of height of bones of the mid spine is seen.
A group of tiny spots in the right lung is probably due to airways disease. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
There is more fluid around the right lung with some loss of air in the bottom. Damage of the airways and scarring is seen again, probably due to prior covid. Widening of the top of the aorta is the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The spleen has been removed. Abnormal curvature of the spine.
Spread of cancer throughout the lungs. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are seen again and may be due to airways infection. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is the same as before. Spots in the chest may be a thymus. Loss of air, thickening, and hardening of the lung is seen again. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is no longer seen. Other growths in the lungs.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have multiple causes. Fatty growth in the tops of the heart. The main blood vessel of the pulmonary lung is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened. Fat in the liver.
Abnormal fluid in the airways and damage of the airway in the bottoms of the lungs is seen. Prior surgery of the esophagus. There is contrast die where its not supposed to be. The bones of the upper spine are abnormally curved.
There is a small amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air. A hazy gray area in the top of the right lobe is no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The thyroid is mildly hardened. A bruise in the esophagus with some scarring of the lining of the chest with some post surgical changes. Prior heart surgery. The blood vessels of the aorta are hardened.
There is thickening of the airways. Scarring in the middle of the right lung. The aorta and blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Spread of cancer throughout the bones.
Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the hearts valves and aorta's valve. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the left lung. Hardening of the aorta and heart's blood vessels.
