One side of the armed conflicts is made up of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball. It crawled away fast to the east.
There he died six weeks later, on 13 January 888.
They are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The Kate Greenaway Medal recipient was presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers who play the sogo (a tiny drum that makes almost no sound).
The spacecraft includes two main elements: the Cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini.
Alessandro ("Sandro") Mazzola (8 November 1942) is an Italian former football player.
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a BA in anthropology.
The BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party.
Many species had died by the end of the nineteenth century.
In 1987 Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is very competitive.
Today NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is at the coast of the Baltic Sea. It encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport that comes from the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday. On his birthday, Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
Both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into The National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated many styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada.
John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series.
Perry Saturn (with Terri) defeated Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) to win the WWF European Championship (8:10) Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
Despina was found in July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Grand Prix motor racing championship was on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He completed two collections of short stories called The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take over the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in south-east Western Australia do not follow Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays.
The other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark.
It is not a true louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles. He works towards popularizing interaction design.
It is possible that the other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you.
Working Group I: Assess scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center.
By early on September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and weaken.
Each entry has a datum. It is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
Many mosques will not enforce violations. Both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
