 This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that asthma education aimed at children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department presentation and hospital admission. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. Very few data were available on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
 We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls. We did not stratify studies by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and we did not include studies that used nitrous oxide. Most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. We found that ketamine reduced pain at rest, pain during movement, postoperative hyperalgesia, pain at 48 hours, pain after 24 hours, and pain up to 24 hours after surgery. Pain during movement was reduced at 24 hours and 48 hours. Pain after surgery was reduced by 8 mg morphine equivalent, compared with placebo. Pain was reduced over 48 hours by 13 mg morphine equivalents, compared to morphine equivalent. Pain at 24 and 48-hour follow-up was similar. The time it took for the first postoperative analgesic request was reduced to 54 minutes with ketamine compared to 39 minutes with placebo (moderate-quality evidence). Ketamine reduced postoperative pain by 7 cm² (moderate to very low quality evidence). We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small effects were likely but testing was not possible. The evidence is current to February 2016.
 This review of five trials found that the MSP/RESA (Combination B) vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role and merit further development.
 This review of four studies, involving 125 participants, found that electromagnetic field stimulation may offer some benefit in the treatment of delayed union of long bone fractures, but it is inconclusive. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
 This review of 12 randomised clinical trials found that there is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Further well designed clinical trials are necessary.
 This systematic review of 49 randomised controlled trials involving 3639 participants found that there is no evidence that Chinese herbal medicines are effective or safe for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore any positive findings should be made with caution.
 This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles.
 We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised women to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found evidence that insertion of an IUD immediately after abortion is safe and practical. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared to delayed insertion. In other studies, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion.
 We found only one small randomised controlled trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. We found that meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematologically-diseased patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care control group (low quality of evidence). Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly focused meditation group, whose levels of depression remained constant. The influence of meditation practice on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep, adverse events and adverse events were not evaluated in the included trial. The quality of the evidence was very low, as there was not enough information to draw any conclusion. More high quality randomised trials are needed.
 We identified three randomised controlled trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). The majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest varicellavirus vaccine administered to children following household contact with a case reduces infection rates and severity of cases. We identified no trials for adolescents or adults. Safety was not adequately addressed.
 We found 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, comparing different antibiotic regimens for people undergoing endoscopic gastrostomies. We found that there was no evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple prophylactic antibiotics or administering antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery in terms of reducing MRSA infections. However, there is currently no other evidence from randomised clinical trials on this topic. Well designed studies are needed.
 We found only two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital management for PPROM. The trials were too small for us to be able to assess whether there were differences between the two groups. There was some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. However, results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome (I² = 35%). Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days in hospital and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review did not find any evidence of differences between groups for serious maternal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care.
 This review of trials found no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed after caesarean section. The two methods of skin closure that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. These two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure. Compared with absorbables, staples are associated with similar incidences of wound infection, pain and cosmesis. Other important secondary outcomes, such as wound complications, were also similar between the groups in women with Pfannenstiel incisions. However, it is important to note, that staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e. whether it is vertical or horizontal.
 This Cochrane review identified 11 randomised controlled trials with 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. The remaining two trials are awaiting classification. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but the results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials are needed to confirm this.
 Two small trials recruiting 23 participants were included in this review. The studies did not show that azathioprine is effective at reducing steroid use in people with chronic asthma. There is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of azathiprine in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing agent. Large, long-term studies are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
 This review identified 56 studies (4068 participants). The majority of these studies were carried out in people with breast cancer (28 studies), with the majority carried out during or after cancer treatment. The review found that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with solid tumours. However, there is a need for further research to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of an exercise intervention.
 The evidence is current to February 2015. We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 3427 participants. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) who had HL. The trials were carried out in Germany, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, France, Spain, Italy and Belgium. The overall quality was moderate to high for overall survival, but was low or very low for other outcomes, mainly because there were too few participants for us to be sure about these results. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The evidence was up to date to February 2016. The review found that adult patients with early unfavourable and advanced stage HL are more likely to live for at least five years after treatment. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years of treatment compared with 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS with BEACOPP escalated. However, there is not enough evidence to show whether there is any difference between the two treatment regimens with respect to second solid tumours, which would not be seen until around 15 years after the end of treatment. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (106 participants, very low-quality evidence). This is a very small sample, the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported side-effects and the analysis shows that the escalated treatment probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV ((anaemia), neutropenia, thrombocytopenia and infections). Only one trial (EORTC 20012) planned to assess quality of life, however, no results were reported.
 We found 15 randomised controlled trials including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients in two trials. We found low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-educational interventions compared to care as usual (low quality evidence that there is no difference in the effect on quality of life). We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. In all studies a less radical, functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. In five studies multidisciplinary interventions involving vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that multidisdisciplinary interventions involving physical, psychoeducational, vocational or vocational components led to higher RTW in patients with cancer. In one study breast cancers patients were offered a physical training programme. Low quality evidence suggested that physical training was not more effective in improving RTW (low-quality evidence). We found moderate quality evidence in five studies in which vocational training programmes were combined (moderate quality evidence) to enhance RTW.
 We found four trials involving more than 13,000 women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one was funded by a Scottish government. All four included trials were conducted in developed Western European countries. The evidence is current to September 2013. The trials were of moderate to very low quality. We found that women who received CTG during labour were more likely to have a caesarean section than women who did not receive CTG. Furthermore, admission CTG was associated with an increase in the chance that the baby would have to have an emergency caesarian section by about 20%. There was no clear difference between women given CTG and women given intermittent auscultation for instrumental vaginal birth. There were no differences between groups in other outcomes, such as death, brain damage and seizures in the neonatal period. There was not enough information available for us to draw any conclusions about whether there was any difference between groups. The quality of evidence ranged from moderate or very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about our findings. The findings of this review support recommendations that the use of CTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission to hospital. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The usefulness for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices.
 We found 32 randomised controlled trials that compared different culture mediums for IVF or ICSI. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool the data because each study used different culture media. We found that there was not enough evidence to support or refute any specific culture medium. The overall quality of the evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence for any specific embryo culture medium to support, or refute, any specific IVF treatment. There has been much controversy about the most appropriate culture medium for embryo development. Numerous studies have been performed, but no two studies compared the same culture media and none of them found any evidence of a difference between the culture media used. The quality of evidence was very low.
 This review found that there were no randomised trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The authors have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. As some papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at a consultation visit would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness.
 This Cochrane review included 17 randomised controlled trials with 1006 participants. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2014. This review found that psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, may reduce chest pain in the first three months after the intervention. However, these results are limited by the small number of participants included in these studies. There was not enough information about other brief psychological interventions to be sure whether they were effective. Further research is needed.
 We found 30 randomised controlled trials, involving 4344 participants, comparing topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers with placebo. The most common comparison was azelastine versus placebo (nine studies). The quality of the studies was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, ranging from one to eight weeks. There was some evidence to support that topical anti-histamines reduce symptoms of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is not enough evidence on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of antihistamine treatment. Overall, topical anti histamines appear to be safe and well tolerated.
 Two studies were included in this review. Both studies were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions aimed at preventing tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. One study assessed weekly smoking, while the other assessed smokeless tobacco use. No difference was found in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study assessing weekly smoking. However, there was some evidence to suggest that smokeless use was not significantly different between the two groups. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use at post test, but this was not maintained at six month follow up. The two studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains. Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to whether or not tobacco prevention programmes are effective in preventing tobacco-related health problems in Indigenous populations. This review highlights the need for more research in this area.
 This review found only one small randomised controlled trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS). The evidence is up to date as September 2016. The included trial reported no maternal mortality, perinatal mortality (pulmonary embolism, congestive cardiac failure and acute chest syndrome) or markers of severe maternal morbidity. The trial did not report other relevant maternal outcomes such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit and haemolytic disease of the newborn, were not reported by this small trial. Overall, there were few events reported for most of these outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. Very low-quality evidence suggests that prophylactic blood transfusion to pregnant women with HbSS confers no clear clinical benefits when compared with selective transfusion. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfusions policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). The available evidence is insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice.
 We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving 6197 participants. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. We found that liver resection using a radiofrequency dissecting sealer may be associated with more adverse events (complications) than with the clamp-crush method. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion is higher with low central venous pressure than with acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central pressure, blood transfusions were lower with fibrin sealant than with control, and blood loss, total hospital stay, hospital stay and operating time were lower. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results. We could not assess whether there were differences between the two methods of liver resections. We did not find any evidence that there was any difference between them. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below.
 This systematic review of 23 randomised controlled trials involving 724 people found that retinoids are better than the individual treatments. However, there is no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP. There is, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be important to the patient.
 We found nine randomised controlled trials of loop diuretics in 460 people with a mean blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg. We found no clinically meaningful blood pressure-lowering differences between different drugs within the loop diurestic class. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2.8) mmhg, which is likely an overestimate. Withdrawals due to adverse effects did not show a significant difference. The review did not provide a good estimate of harms associated with loop diuria because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in many of these trials.
 We found 58 randomised controlled trials with 2849 participants. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Local anaesthetic intraperitoneal instillation was used but bupivacaine in the liquid form was the most common local anaesthetic used. There were considerable differences between the methods used in these trials. The evidence is up to date to February 2016. The trials included people who had low anaesthesia risk people who were undergoing surgery to remove their gallbladder. The results showed that there was very low quality evidence that local anaesthesia instillation reduced pain in people undergoing surgery. However, the clinical importance of this reduction in pain is unknown and likely to be small. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower at four to eight hours (32 studies, 2020 participants, very low-quality evidence). The length of hospital stay was also reduced in people who received local anaesthetics. The effect was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference was found between the two groups. There was no mortality in either group. One participant experienced a serious side effect (four trials, 446 people) but this was not serious. The quality of the evidence was very very low. Serious side effects were rare in studies evaluating local anaesthesiologists. The studies did not report any serious side effects. Twenty trials reported that there were no serious side-effects in the 715 participants who received the injections. None of these studies reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The overall quality was low to very low for all outcomes. More high quality studies are needed.
 We found 74 studies, which included 74 different antigens. The studies were published up-to-date as September 2016. We found that all the tests were very sensitive, but some were less specific than others. We also found some differences between studies in how well they worked, which means that we cannot be certain that they are all accurate. The most accurate tests were the pLDH antibody tests, which are more sensitive but are less specific. The pLDh antibody tests were also more sensitive, although they were not as accurate as the HRP antibody tests. The HRP-2 antibody test was also more accurate, but it was not as specific as the other types. We could not be sure whether these tests were more accurate or not, because there was not enough information about how they worked. Overall, we found no evidence to suggest that these tests are more or less accurate than those that use microscopy.
 This review included five randomised controlled trials. All were conducted in the UK, and tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering the length of primary care physicians' consultations. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes.
 This systematic review identified only three small trials that evaluated virologic efficacy and safety of high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries (Milinkovic 2007, McComsey 2008, Sanchez-Conde 2005). Participants were ART experienced and all had sustained virologi suppression at baseline. The studies were at a high risk of selection, performance/detection bias and selective outcome reporting biases. There was not enough information from these studies to determine whether there was a clear advantage between low dose versus high dose of stovudine for virology. Some baseline characteristics differed among the studies, including triglyceride levels, body mass index, bone mineral density (BMD), reduction in limb fat and triglycerides in the high dose arms. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in one of these studies, but this was not reported on in the other two studies. The trials did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. The results from individual trials were imprecise and have not identified any clear advantage in virology or safety between the two groups. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained virology suppression, so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where stabudine is currently used in ART naive patients.
 We found 10 randomised controlled trials involving 1658 people with ARDS. Six of these studies included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in death from the intensive care unit (ICU), but there was no difference between groups. Data from four studies (1313 people) showed that there was not enough information from four trials (1450 people) to determine whether there was a difference between the groups. We found evidence from seven studies, with 1508 people, that there were no differences between groups in the number of people who died in hospital or intensive care units. The evidence is current to February 2016.
 This review of 15 studies, involving 687 participants, found that there was not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials in this area. However, there was some evidence to suggest that relaxation therapy may reduce the need for 'as needed' medications and improve quality of life in people with asthma. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to the absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted randomised trials are required to determine the effects of these techniques.
 We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants, comparing antidepressants with benzodiazepines as monotherapy in panic disorder. We found low-quality evidence suggesting that there was no difference between antidepressants in terms of response rate, dropouts, or dropouts due to any cause. Very low quality evidence suggested no difference in dropouts or dropout rate between antidepressants and benzidiazepines in terms. Very poor quality evidence suggests that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs (when looking at the number of patients experiencing adverse effects). We did not find clinically significant differences between individual benzdiazepines. Information on adverse effects was very limited. The majority of studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. For these reasons most studies were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of the evidence. In general, based on the results of the current review, the possible role of antidepressants should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence that antidepressants are effective in reducing panic disorder symptoms. Data from the present review will be included in a network meta-analysis, which will hopefully provide further useful information on this issue.
 This review of 29 randomised controlled trials, involving over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, found that metal stents were better than plastic stents at preventing biliary obstruction in patients with distal obstructive jaundice due to pancreatic cancer. There was no difference between the two types of stents. However, there was not enough evidence to say whether metal stent is better or worse than plastic. Further trials are needed.
 We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared ultrasound guidance to palpation or Doppler auditory assistance. Four studies compared ultrasound with palpation, and one study compared ultrasound to Dopplers. We found moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first attempt success rates and decreases complications as compared to other types of guidance. We also found improved success rates within two attempts with ultrasound guidance compared with other types. The results suggest, but do not confirm, that a possible advantage may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. Similarly, we do not know if there is a positive influence of expertise in the use of ultrasound on success rate. Only two studies reported complications. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events.
 We found one small randomised controlled trial involving 80 male student participants. The evidence is current to February 2014. The study found that young men exposed to movies with low alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to films with high alcohol content. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent. Two ITS studies evaluated a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising and one ITS study evaluated a partial ban on spirits advertising only. In both ITS studies, alcohol sales increased by 14.89 kilolitres and 22.49 kilolitre per month after the ban was lifted. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported. None of these studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. There is not enough evidence for or against introducing restrictions on alcohol advertising. More research is needed in this area.
 This review found that there is not enough evidence to conclude that either formula type is better than the other for short-term growth or for long-term development. There is conflicting evidence as well as conflicting data as to formula tolerance. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important outcomes.
 We found one small randomised controlled trial with 34 women. Transcervical amnioinfusion was given with room temperature saline for 60 minutes, then 3 mL per minute until delivery. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not find any trials that used transabdominal amniotic fluid. The trial did not report any information about how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. There was not enough evidence in this review for us to fully evaluate the effectiveness, safety, or satisfaction with this intervention. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. The study did not provide enough information about whether there was a difference between women receiving transcervical and women not receiving it. We found that there was no clear difference between the two groups in the incidence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection, or caesarean section. The number of babies born with severe complications was not different in either group, nor was there any difference between groups. The quality of the evidence was low. The numbers included were too small for meaningful assessment of substantive outcomes, where they were reported.
 This review of three randomised controlled trials found that the Mini-Cog is an effective cognitive screening test in community settings. However, it is not clear whether it is more accurate or less accurate than other cognitive screening tests. More research is needed in this area.
 We found 19 studies (2521 participants) that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts. All studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one study was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources. Most studies had short-term follow-up (5.3 weeks), most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%) with ADHD. The average age was 35.2 years. Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, one in Canada, and one in both Canada and the USA. Ten studies were multi-site studies. We found no studies that had low-quality evidence, mainly because amphetamine has powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we could not rule out a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Overall, we found low to very low quality evidence to suggest that all three types were efficacious in reducing ADHD symptoms as rated by patients (dexamphetamine: SMD (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg per day, 10.5 mg per week) as well as clinicians and patients. In contrast, there was no evidence that dexamphetamine reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms. In addition, there were fewer people who withdrew from the studies because of side effects. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low.
 We included 10 studies with 811 participants. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo (low quality evidence). Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic pain conditions needs further investigation.
 This systematic review of studies found that professional interventions can improve the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. In addition, nurses can play an important role in patient-oriented interventions, through patient education or facilitating adherence to treatment. Multifaceted professional and organisational interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes.
 We found five randomised controlled trials with 1503 women aged 25 years or younger. The trials compared the following contraceptives: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20) versus LNG 12 µg, LNG 16 µg and LNG 20 versus copper T380A intra-uterine device (IUD). In the trials comparing two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with a LNG group. In another study, continuation of the LNG was at least as high as the COC. In three trials that examined different LNGs, continuation was at at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. Different doses did not appear to influence efficacy over three years. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
 This Cochrane review found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms, reduces asthma medication use, improves bronchial hyper-reactivity and improves lung function. There was no consistent effect of immunotherapy on lung function, but there was some evidence to suggest that it may be comparable to inhaled steroids. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered.
 This review found six randomised controlled trials involving 1297 patients. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury, but there was not enough evidence for morbidity or long-term outcomes. The effects on long term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded. Ventilation with lower tidal volumes is becoming a routine strategy.
 We included 15 randomised controlled trials with 1833 participants in this review. We found that the intravenous technique is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. However, we found evidence of low quality from a limited number of studies. These results should be interpreted with caution. Randomized controlled trials based on uniform methods are needed. Researchers should follow proper methods and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
 This review identified four randomised controlled trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients. The average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia did not show that lowering blood pressure in late life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive people with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. However, there was considerable heterogeneity between the trials. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however, due to the number of patients lost to follow up and the number who received active treatment. More robust results may be obtained using individual patient data. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies.
 This review included 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that PTCRA did not improve patient outcomes compared to angioplasty alone, but did not result in an increase of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the hospital stay. In patients with complex lesions, there were no differences between PTCA/PTCA or angiographic dissections. However, patients were more likely to experience vascular spasm, perforation and transient vessel occlusion. In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTCR), PTCARA may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures.
 Three randomised controlled trials involving 333 children under 24 months of age were included in this review. All studies used 2.5 mL of nebulised rhDNase to treat acute bronchiolitis. Adjunctive therapy included nebulising salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. Overall, nebulisation did not shorten hospital stay or improve clinical outcomes. There was no significant difference in adverse events between the two treatment groups. In the largest trial, four out of 11 patients had atelectasis. Two of these patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after nebulized rh DNase. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste.
 We found two studies with 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found that there was no significant difference in mortality between groups, with only one death occurring overall, in the totally percutaneous group. There was no difference in major complication rate, bleeding complications or haematoma between groups. No wound infections occurred in either group. Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study, there was only one failure of aneurysism exclusion in the surgical cut-down femoral artery access group (moderate-quality evidence). We found no difference between groups for bleeding complications, major complications, wound infections, wound infection and long-term complications at six months. We also found a difference in operating time, with one study showing that the percutaneously approach was faster than the cut down femoral access technique. Only a small number of studies were included in this review. The quality of the evidence was moderate, which means that we are very uncertain about the results. We rated this evidence to be of moderate quality because there were too few studies, low event numbers and imprecision. Further research into this technique is needed.
 This review of two trials found that spermicides were less effective than the diaphragm at preventing pregnancy in preventing overall pregnancy. However, discontinuation rates at 12 months were higher with the sponge. Allergic-type reactions were more common in the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials.
 Six studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, it was not possible to combine their results. There is no strong evidence to support any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) to prevent cognitive deficits in adults with primary or metastatic brain tumours who have been treated with cranial irradiation. However, there is supportive evidence that memantine may help prevent cognitive problems for adults with brain metastases who have had brain tumour surgery. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine compared with placebo, a drug called methylphenidate HCL compared with modafinil, and donepezil compared to placebo. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenide and modafine arms. The second found improvements across all cognitive tests, however, adverse events were reported. Both studies were limited by a small sample size. The third study did not find an improvement in overall cognitive performance, but did find improvement in an individual test of memory, compared to a placebo, with similar adverse events across groups. There was not enough information available to draw any strong conclusions about the effectiveness or safety of these interventions. Further research is needed.
 This review included two studies, with 26 analysed participants. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. There was some evidence to suggest that there was some improvement with laser treatment, but the results were imprecise. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. The studies did not report any side effects. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials of surgical, medical, psychological and psychological interventions to investigate the effectiveness. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and the effects of delayed treatment.
 Two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies, 282 fetuses) were included in this review. One of these trials (involving 161 pregnancies and 161 women) was based on women who had diabetes. This trial did not show any difference between using combined oestrogen and progestogen in preventing miscarriage, perinatal death, or preterm birth (less than 34 weeks' gestation), nor did it show a difference between the two treatment groups. The second trial (based on pregnant women with IVF) did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal deaths or rates of preterm births), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. There is not enough evidence from randomised trials in this area. We strongly recommend further research in the area.
 This review of 14 studies found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks.
 This review found that ibuprofen 400 mg is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. Soluble formulations were better than standard tablets, but not 2-hour headache relief. Adverse events were mostly mild and transient, occurring at the same rate as with placebo.
 We found 43 randomised controlled trials involving 3497 participants with dry eye. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of dry eye symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that the majority of OTC tears may have similar efficacies. We also found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eyes symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol tears in two trials assessing this comparison (175 participants). All other included artificial tears produced contradictory results or found no between-group differences. Our review also found no data on side effects. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
 This review of randomised controlled trials found that there is limited evidence to evaluate second-line therapies in patients with HIV who fail first-line treatment with a WHO-recommended regimen. One randomised trial in 136 patients studied maintaining lamivudine or emtricitabine and found no difference in virological outcomes. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not show a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamvudine (3TC/FTC) regimen compared to those who did not in their subsequent regimens. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors or nucleoside backbone combinations after first line treatment.
 We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We found seven different index tests in 133 studies, as well as 69 different combinations and 32 combinations. The studies included adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities. Difficult face mask ventilation was the reference standard in seven studies, difficult laryngoscopy in 92 studies, and difficult tracheal intubation in 50 studies, with failed intubations in two studies. All studies were of low methodological quality, with low risk for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of bias for reference standard and index test. We could not combine results for difficult face mask and difficult laryngoscopy because the studies were too small to combine their results. For difficult face masks, we could only estimate summary sensitivity, which means that we could not be sure whether the tests were accurate. The upper lip bite test was the most accurate test for diagnosing difficult trachoscopy. The modified Mallampati test had the highest sensitivity, meaning that it was more accurate than all the other tests. In contrast, the Wilson risk score and sternomental distance tests had relatively low specificity, meaning we were uncertain about their accuracy. In addition, specificities were consistently higher than sensitivities across all tests. The standard bedside airway examination tests should be interpreted with caution, as they do not appear to be good screening tests. Given these limitations, future research is needed. The 27 studies awaiting classification may alter our conclusions, once we have assessed them.
 This review found that probiotics can reduce diarrhoea in children and young children. Probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens.
 We found only one randomised controlled trial that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants); this study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short and medium-term effects on social functioning, engagement with non-inpatient services, mental state, service use, economic outcomes, adverse effects and death. We found that people who received the intervention were more likely than people who did not receive it to be more satisfied with their care. However, these results did not reach statistical significance. People who received this treatment were also more satisfied than people not receiving it. The quality of the evidence was very low.
 The evidence is current to February 2016. We found eight studies that compared pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo (dummy tablets) with no active comparators. Five of these studies (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study. The other five studies had an EERW design (where participants are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) in which people were randomly put in one treatment group or the other. The studies were of good quality, although there were concerns about the way they were carried out, which may have overestimated treatment effect. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low quality to very high quality. Pregabalin increased the number of participants experiencing substantial pain relief (at least 50% pain intensity reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment, 1874 participants, high-quality evidence). Substantial pain relief was experienced by about 14% of people with placebo, but about 9% more with people who had taken the placebo (high quality evidence). The number of people who experienced moderate pain relief after 12 to 13 weeks was about 28%, but about 11% more in people taking the placebo group. Moderate pain reduction was seen by about 28% people taking placebo, and about 11 in people with the placebo. Serious side effects did not differ between people who were given the drug and those who were not (very low quality evidence), although side effects were more common in people who took the drug. Withdrawals were about 10% higher with people taking preabalin than people not taking it, but withdrawals were about 6% lower (high-quality studies). People taking the drug had more side effects (dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema) than people who did not take it (low quality studies), but there was no difference between the two groups. People who had no side effects experienced fewer side effects than those who took placebo (moderate quality studies). The overall quality was very good. The evidence was up to date to February 2015.
 We found only one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between the two groups in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth. There were more maternal side effects (feeling warm, flushed and flushed). However, there was no difference in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment. No significant differences were seen between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage or caesarean section.
 This review identified four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) investigating the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions for Indigenous populations. Two studies used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that smoking cessation programmes specifically targeted at Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However, this evidence base is not strong. More rigorous trials are now required to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco related health disparities in Indigenous populations and non-Indigenous populations.
 This review included 13 studies involving 5686 adult patients in intensive care. We found that PAC did not affect mortality, general ICU or hospital death, or cost for adult patients who were admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU). We also found that there was not enough evidence to determine if there are optimal PAC-guided management protocols, which when applied to specific patient groups in ICUs could result in benefits such as shock reversal, improved organ function and less vasopressor use. Newer, less-invasive haemodynamic monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC prior to clinical use in critically ill patients.
 This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution reduces the pain of the procedure. Further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed.
 Two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with broken down perineal wounds following childbirth have been included in this review. There is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or refute secondary suturing for the management of broken down wounds after childbirth.
 We found 18 studies involving 2521 participants. Most Chinese medicinal herbs in the included studies showed similar effects to antiviral drugs in preventing or treating influenza. No obvious adverse events were reported. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations. More high-quality studies with larger numbers of participants are needed.
 This systematic review identified 8 studies (580 participants). The evidence is current to February 2016. The review found that thrombolytic therapy may restore catheter function when compared to placebo, but there is not enough information available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. There is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. Catheter survival may be improved by fibrin sheath disruption and is probably superior following catheter exchange. However, there is no evidence to support physical intervention over the use of pharmaceutical agents in the acute setting. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have a high risk to have been influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement. Further research is required.
 We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment comparisons). There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of one or more drugs. There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients. We found no difference in time to progression between these regimens. Addition of a drug to the regimen was favourably associated with overall tumour responses, although we observed significant heterogeneity for this outcome across the trials. The positive effect was also associated with increased toxicity. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia, nausea, vomiting and leucopenia were more common in women with metastatic breast cancer.
 This review included ten randomised controlled trials involving 1896 critically ill patients. There was some evidence that patients discharged from a NLU are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of inpatient stay. More research is needed.
 We found 11 studies including 414 participants. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and two compared ultrasound with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises). Six studies compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention (e.g. splint, splinting, exercises, and splint). The studies were generally small and did not show significant differences between groups for symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters. Only two studies reported the primary outcome of interest, short-term overall improvement (any measure in which patients indicate the intensity of their complaints compared with baseline, for example, global rating of improvement, satisfaction with treatment, within three months post-treatment). One low quality study with 68 participants found that when compared to placebo, therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance that people with CTS improve their symptoms more quickly than placebo, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low-quality study with 60 people found that at three months after treatment, people who received therapeutic ultrasound plus splint improved their symptoms less quickly than those who received splint alone. However, there was not enough information about side effects. More studies are needed before any firm conclusions can be made. There is only poor quality evidence from very limited studies to suggest that there is not enough evidence that therapeutic ultrasound is more effective than placebo for either short or long-term symptom improvement in people who have CTS.
 This review included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastin, simvastat, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. There is no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later. However, there is evidence that statin therapy in patients with ischaemic stroke or TIA significantly reduces subsequent major coronary events but only marginally reduces the risk of stroke recurrence.
 This review of 11 studies found evidence that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include mass media campaigns can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. There is some evidence to suggest that these programmes may have some positive effects on smoking behaviour, but it is not clear how effective they are.
 We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. We found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life, reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances, reduce anxiety, reduce depression, anxiety and fatigue, as well as reduce fatigue, anxiety, depression and fatigue when compared with no therapy or with psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression or anxiety in the short term and had no short or medium-term effects on sleep disturbances. No studies reported any serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was moderate, suggesting that yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercises programmes. The overall quality was very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results.
 We found only one small, single-institution study (125 people with glioblastoma) that compared early post-operative imaging within 48 hours (early post-operatory imaging) with no early postoperative imaging among 125 people who had surgery. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested that there was little or no difference in overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis and two years after diagnosis of GBM. No other review outcomes were reported. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we found no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of different imaging strategies. Existing imaging schedules in glioma seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based.
 This review included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. We found that chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiapine fails to provide high-quality trial based data. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference between chlorpromidine and metiabine. The number of participants with parkinsonism at eight weeks was similar. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care.
 This review of 23 randomised controlled trials found that nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious side effects.
 We found seven randomised controlled trials (825 participants) comparing different types of psychosocial interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs. We found that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types (brief, intensive, or educational) interventions in reducing alcohol use among people using illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior. The quality of evidence was low to very low.
 We found 23 randomised controlled trials involving 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. We found low or moderate quality evidence that quinines reduced cramp number, cramp intensity, and cramp days, but there was not enough evidence that they were more effective than placebo. There was moderate quality of evidence that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious adverse events was not significantly greater than for placebo, but because serious side effects can be rarely fatal, in some countries prescription is severely restricted. Further studies using different dosages and measurement of serum quininine levels will allow a therapeutic range to be defined for muscle cramp. Because serious side events are not common, large population studies are required to more accurately inform incidence.
 We found seven randomised controlled trials enrolling 406 participants. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers. Magnesium was compared to placebo in six of these studies and to no treatment in one. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramps (for example amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease) or disease state-related muscle cramp. We also found no trials that evaluated magnesium against placebo or no treatment. The studies were small, not very different from each other, and did not show significant differences between the groups. The overall quality of evidence was moderate, meaning that it is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramping. In contrast, there is conflicting evidence about whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for those experiencing rest cramps. More research is needed.
 We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT), involving 14 people with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was evaluator-blinded, which means that participants were not aware that they were receiving the intervention. The trial compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength training program versus usual care. The participants were followed up for six months. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but half of them did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The training program did not improve walking distance, but it did improve lung function. Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity was not significantly different between groups. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. No serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. It is uncertain whether combined strength training is beneficial or harmful, as the quality of evidence is very low. We need well-designed studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, to improve our understanding of exercise response in people with this condition.
 We found only two small randomised controlled trials with 149 participants. Both trials were small and had problems with the way they were carried out. One trial found that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization, but there is little or no difference in the long-term. There is very low quality evidence that patients with mild myelopathy feel subjectively better shortly after surgery, and there is no evidence that there is any difference between surgery and physiotherapy in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss. Further research is very likely to have an impact on our estimate and our confidence in it.
 This review of nine randomised controlled trials found that telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of visits by doctors, nurses and other health care workers to GP's and hospital emergency departments. However, questions remain about its impact on service use, safety, cost and patient satisfaction. Further rigorous evaluation is needed.
 We found 84 randomised controlled trials (22,872 participants), with 70/84 studies reporting interventions in higher risk individuals or settings. We found that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be relevant to policy or practice. Moreover, we found no clear effects on binge drinking, binge drinking-related risky behaviour, alcohol problems, alcohol misuse or other harmful behaviours. None of the studies reported harms related to MI.
 This review includes 29 studies, involving 2210 people with asthma. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition biases and at high risk for biases associated with blinding. Most included studies did not report important clinical outcomes. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for asthma control, but generally did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits for adults or children. We found no evidence about harms. The evidence is current to February 2016. The studies were small and varied, making it difficult for us to combine their results. We rated most studies to have low or very low quality evidence.
 Three small trials, involving 226 participants, were included in this review. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials included patients who had ICH. All three trials were small and did not provide enough evidence to support or refute whether mannitol is beneficial in acute stroke patients. There is currently not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the routine use of mananitol to treat acute stroke. Further trials are needed.
 This review of six randomised controlled trials found that D-penicillamine appears to have similar efficacy to other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status are not clear from this review.
 We found four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs. There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoctions of Huangqi compounds were given in addition to chemotherapy. Huangqi drugs may stimulate immunocompetent cells and decrease side effects in patients treated with chemotherapy. We need high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects upon chemotherapy-related side effects.
 We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups) with 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial compared DHA plus vitamin A versus vitamin A plus DHA. All three trials were funded by pharmaceutical companies. The three trials included 866 people with RP aged four years or older. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that there is no clear evidence that vitamin A or DHA is effective in improving visual field loss or visual acuity in people who have RP. Two of the three trials reported differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any other trials. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. In future trials, since some of the studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue.
 This Cochrane review included three randomised controlled trials involving 414 participants. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations (e.g. workplace visits, advice or education). The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, or six to eight individual or group sessions over six months. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits or any actions by an occupational physician. We found very low quality evidence that job loss prevention interventions have an effect on job loss, work absenteeism, work functioning and work functioning for workers with inflammatory arthritis. The results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective. We identified no adverse effects. Further high quality studies are needed.
 We found three small randomised controlled trials that included 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine) from three countries. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found evidence from three small trials, which included 285 infants, that arginines may prevent NEC in preterm babies. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent NEC (any stage) was 6 (95% CI 4 to 10). The number of infants who died due to NEC was not significantly different between the groups. There were no significant side effects directly attributable to arginin, including hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. The quality of evidence was moderate. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Further research is needed.
 This review included four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed, double-blinded studies that compared INCS versus placebo or no intervention for either 15 or 21 days. The studies showed that INCS was more effective than placebo in improving sinus symptoms. However, there was not enough evidence to determine whether INCS is effective or not.
 This review of trials found that vancomycin reduced both total neonatal nosocomial and coagulase negative staphylococcal sepsis in eligible preterm infants. However, there was not enough evidence from these trials to determine whether there was any difference between the two groups. The methodologies used in these studies may have contributed to the low rate of septis in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines may have failed to grow due to low levels in the infusate. Although there is a theoretical concern regarding the development of resistant organisms with the administration of prophylactic antibiotic, there is insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks. Few clinically important benefits have been demonstrated for very low birth weight infants treated with prophycin. It therefore appears that routine treatment should not be undertaken at present.
 We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. A single small trial of aloe vera supplementation vs gauze suggests delayed healing, but the results of this trial are un interpretable since there was a large differential loss to follow up. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression. There were no differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate). Gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings (4 trials). Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied than those receiving alternative dressings. Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with more nursing time than foam. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
 The evidence is current to February 2014. We found 11 randomised controlled trials, which included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), three studies studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS), two studies studied progestin-only pills (POPs), and two studies of an etonogestrel implant. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. Most trials did not show significant differences in breastfeeding duration, breast milk volume, or infant growth between groups. For breast milk volumes, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. One trial did not quantify results. For infant growth, three studies did not report any significant difference between the study groups in milk volume or composition with two POPs, a COC, or an implant. Five trials indicated no difference between groups for breastfeeding duration (etonogestre implant insertion times, COC versus POP, POP versus POP) or for infant growth (e.g. weight gain). The quality was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs.
 We found 10 studies from Australia, Singapore, the USA, Canada, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Sweden and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted between 1990 and 2014. The evidence is current up to February 2015. Red-light cameras are effective in reducing total crashes. However, the evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by chance. Larger, better controlled studies are needed.
 This review included four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five. One of these studies showed a significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram in outpatients with VTE. The other two studies showed no difference. No difference was observed in recurrent venous thromboembolism at 90 days when the warfarins were compared with 5 mg. No differences were observed in minor bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of hospital stay. The overall quality of the evidence ranged from moderate quality to very low quality. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly caused by differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding optimal warfarine initiation nomograms.
 We found seven randomised controlled trials involving 555 people with dementia who had been treated for hip fracture. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found limited evidence that some of the models of enhanced rehabilitation and care used in the included trials may show benefits over usual care for preventing delirium and reducing length of stay in hospital for people who have had hip fractures. However, the certainty of these results is very low. Data were available from only a small number of trials, therefore we were not able to draw any conclusions with confidence. There was also very low certainty that, compared to orthopaedic-led management, geriatrician led management may lead to shorter hospital stays. The certainty was very low for all other results. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise, the overall certainty for most results was low or very low, which means that we cannot be certain that they are true. There were no data from any of these studies for our primary outcome, quality of life.
 We found seven randomised controlled trials, involving 840 children with acute and chronic illnesses, that compared home-based nursing services to hospital services. The studies were conducted over a period of 10 years. No significant differences were found between the two groups. Home care was more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for families. However, there was a reduction in hospital stay with no difference in hospital readmission rates. Three studies reported improved parental anxiety and improved child behaviours was reported. Overall increased parental satisfaction was reported in three studies. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported by one study. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes. The only summary finding across a few studies was that there is a significant decrease in length of hospitalisation. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
 The evidence is current to February 2016. The review includes 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials. We found that ICM may make little or no difference in reducing the number of days people spent in hospital per month, but it may reduce the number that people left early from the trial early. ICM also may make no difference to death by suicide, but there was some uncertainty about its effect on unemployment due to very low-quality evidence. In addition, there was uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment as compared to non-ICM. There was also uncertainty about whether or not ICM had an important effect on social functioning. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. The quality of the evidence was low or very low.
 This systematic review found that box model training appears to improve technical skills compared with no training in trainees with no previous laparoscopic experience. It also appears to reduce the time taken by trainees to complete the task. However, it is not clear whether box training is more effective in improving technical skills than no training. There was not enough information about other important outcomes such as mortality or morbidity in these trials.
 Two randomised clinical trials were eligible for inclusion. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. The other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. Both trials were funded by pharmaceutical companies. Hydrocorticosteroids tended to increase adverse events (pancreatitis, choleangitis with septicaemia, paranoid ideas, fluid retention, etc. and had no effect on clinical or biochemical outcomes. There is no evidence to support or refute peroral glucocorticoids for patients with scleroses. The intrabiliary application of corticosteroid via nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
 This review of 11 randomised controlled trials found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on death.
 This review included 57 studies with 34,390 participants. The evidence is up to date as September 2016. There is moderate-quality evidence that digital interventions may lower alcohol consumption, with an average reduction of up to three standard drinks per week compared to participants who did not receive digital interventions. However, there is not enough evidence from fewer studies to be sure whether there is any difference in impact on alcohol consumption between digital and face-to-face interventions. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory, Transtheoretical Model and Social Norms Theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor an intervention. There was not enough information from these studies to determine whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions.
 We found 24 studies with 4233 participants that compared benzodiazepines versus placebo in panic disorders. The evidence is current to February 2016. The studies were of poor methodological quality, which means that we cannot be certain that they are reliable. We found that there is some evidence to suggest that there may be an advantage in the short-term treatment of panic disorders for people who are treated with benzidiazepines compared to people treated with placebo. However, there is not enough evidence to say whether there is an advantage or not. We also found no evidence that there was any difference between people treated or not with benzdiazepines and people who did not receive treatment. The quality of the evidence was low, meaning that we are very uncertain about our results. We judged that there were too few studies to be able to draw any firm conclusions about which treatment is the best for panic disorders, so it is not possible to draw firm conclusions on which to base our conclusions.
 We found 13 small randomised controlled trials (1520 participants randomised) that compared tai chi with no intervention. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias, some studies were at high risk for allocation concealment (one study) or selective reporting (two studies). There was also considerable heterogeneity between studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine studies statistically. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or high blood pressure, elderly people at high-risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. No studies reported on cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (all studies had follow-up of one year or less). There were also considerable differences between studies in the way they measured blood pressure and lipid levels, making it difficult to combine the results. We found no clear evidence that there was a difference in blood pressure or lipid levels between groups. However, there was some evidence to suggest that there may have been an increase or decrease in systolic blood pressure with the intervention. We also found some evidence on lipid levels. Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai Chi improved quality of life at three months. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There are currently no long-term trials examining tai-chi. Due to the limited evidence available currently, no conclusions can be drawn.
 The evidence is up to date to September 2016. We found 27 randomised controlled trials. The interventions were very different from each other. We were not able to combine the data from all studies in a way that would allow us to combine results. There was moderate quality evidence to suggest that family-based interventions can have a positive effect on preventing children and adolescents from starting to smoke. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because effect estimates could not include all studies. Most of these studies used intensive programmes. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to a control group receiving no intervention, than there were for other compairsons. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate.
 This review included three studies, enrolling 451 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of different combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexamithasone. The duration of these studies ranged from seven to 14 days. Corticosteroid therapy resulted in less nausea than placebo at eight days, although this result was not statistically significant. There were few studies assessing the effects of corticosteroids on nausea and vomiting not related to chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or surgery in adult cancer patients. This review found very low-quality evidence which neither supported nor refuted the use in this setting. Further high quality studies are needed.
 The evidence is current to February 2016. We found 10 randomised controlled trials of children with HIV infection, cystic fibrosis, cancer, sickle cell disease, low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders and low-birth weight babies. The studies were of moderate quality. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345), four cystic Fibrosis ( 429), four sickle cells disease and one each sickle-cell disease, cancer and cancer. The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. In children receiving continuous isoniazid prophylaxis, there was not enough evidence that there was a difference in the number of children who died or were admitted to the hospital. There was no evidence of increased antibiotic resistance in two studies. In two studies of children receiving ciprofloxacin, there were fewer children who developed pneumococcal septicaemia. However, this was not clear whether there was an increase of antibiotic resistance. In the one study that used co-trimoxazole, we found that it was more likely that children who received this drug had fewer hospital admissions than children who did not receive it. In one of these studies, we did not find any difference between children who were given isoniaazid and those who were not given it. The quality of the evidence from studies was moderate.
 We included nine randomised controlled trials, randomising 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide, helium, argon, nitrogen, or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. The evidence is current to February 2016. The trials included people who had undergone laparoscopic abdominal surgery. We found no studies that compared different gases. The studies were small, randomised, and of very low quality. We could not combine the results from two studies (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) on the first postoperative day, but this was rated as very low-quality evidence. We were not able to combine results from four studies (69 participants) comparing different gas types with carbon dioxide, which did not state how many people were in each group. The quality of evidence was very low. There was not enough evidence to determine whether there were any serious side effects (cardiopulmonary complications, surgical complications, or surgical morbidity). We were unable to combine data from two trials (140 people). The quality was very very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about these results. There were no serious side-effects or serious complications observed with either room air or carbon dioxide in people undergoing laparoscopies. We did not find any studies on complications, serious adverse events, quality of life, or pain. The overall quality of the evidence is very low because there were too few participants, too small, too few studies, and there were not enough people included in each study. Further studies are needed on this topic.
 This systematic review identified 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) investigating dexamethasone in preterm infants. The evidence is current up-to-date to February 2016. The review found that there was not enough information to draw any firm conclusions about the optimal dose or timing for the administration of corticosteroids to prevent BPD. However, there was some evidence to suggest that higher doses may be more effective than lower doses for preventing BPD in some preterm babies. More research is urgently needed in this area.
 Eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people were included in this review. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965, one was done in 1990 and one was published in 2001. The trials compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisones, dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulins versus aspirin, placebo or no treatment. The studies were conducted in the 1950s, 1960s, 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. Overall there were no observed differences in risk of heart disease at one year between corticosteroids-treated patients with acute rheumatic fever (six studies, 907 people). Similarly, there was no difference in heart disease after one year in people treated with prednisones (two studies, 212 people) compared with aspirin (one study, 212 participants), but there was some evidence to suggest a benefit in reducing heart disease in people who were treated with steroids. However, all results should be interpreted with caution because the studies were of poor methodological quality and the risk of bias was substantial, so results should not be viewed with any confidence. Investigators did not report adverse events. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective assessment of cardiac outcomes.
 We found six studies with 12,294 participants from 79 communities. There is some evidence from two studies that insecticides are effective in reducing trachoma, however, this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides. However, another study did not find insecticide spray to be effective. One study found that another fly control measure, latrine provision, reduced trachomas by 29.5%. However, this was not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed by a more recent study. Another study found a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce trachomiasis. Health education had shown significant reduction in one study but another did not demonstrate similar findings. Two studies that assessed insecticides as an insecticide control measure did not show any significant reduction. Another studies found that health education reduced the incidence. These findings were not confirmed by the second study, which found that the health education programmes did not significantly reduce the incidence of trachumiasis. There are some concerns about how these studies were carried out.
 This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that CBT is effective in reducing fatigue symptoms at post-treatment compared with usual care and may be more effective than other psychological therapies. However, there is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments and further studies are needed.
 We found only one randomised controlled study, involving 46 people with sickle cell disease (HbSS, HbSC, HBSβ+thal and HbSβ0thal) which was eligible for inclusion in this review. Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven withdrew before randomisation leaving 39 participants who were randomised. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Participants were given either vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Two participants from the treatment group have missing vitamin D levels, therefore the number of samples analysed was 37 (vitamin D n = 18, placebo n = 19). The included study had a high-quality clinical study, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are reliable. We found that the vitamin D group had significantly higher serum vitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. However, this was not significant at both 16 and 24 weeks of follow-up. There was no significant difference of side effects between people who received or did not receive vitamin D. The quality of the evidence was low. Regarding pain, the vitamin group had fewer pain days compared to the placebo group, but again, there was not enough information for us to be certain about this. Furthermore, the quality was low for physical functioning PedsQL scores, which was reported as absolute change from baseline. The vitamin D treatment group had a lower (worse) quality of life score than people who did not take vitamin D, but the difference was not statistically significant. Therefore, the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplementation (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines). Evidence is needed from high quality studies.
 This review includes only one randomised controlled trial, involving 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, that compared two treatments: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). Children were allocated randomly to one of the two treatments. Both treatments were delivered intensively in one hour sessions, four days a week, for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month, and four months after therapy. The study did not assess functional communication. The evidence is up to date to September 2016. The review found that, when given intensively, both treatments may improve word accuracy, speech production consistency and the accuracy of connected speech in children with CAS. However, we are not sure whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. No formal analyses were conducted by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. No evidence currently exists to support other treatments for children with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Further research is needed.
 The evidence is current to February 2016. We found four randomised controlled trials that randomised 268 people with retinochoroiditis to receive either antibiotics or no treatment. In all four studies antibiotic was administered orally. One of these studies was conducted in Brazil. The other three studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Brazil, and UK. One study in Brazil compared trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole to no treatment and was judged to be at a high risk of bias due to poor reporting. The last study, all participants had active retinoschoroids and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomisation, compared with a placebo. The results showed that people treated in this study may have a similar change in visual acuity compared with people treated with no treatment at one year. However, there is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of recurrent toxoplasma retinoachoroidsitis, but there is not enough good evidence to say if this is true. Further trials are needed.
 This review included 43 randomised controlled trials involving 43 participants with mainly older people with mainly trochanteric fractures. The majority of participants were male, mainly older, people who had previously had hip fractures. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. However, there was some evidence to suggest that there may have been fewer fracture fixation complications with intramedullary nails compared with fixed nail plates. There was not enough evidence that there were any differences between the implants under test. Further studies are needed to confirm whether more recently developed designs can avoid complications of previous nails.
 We found only low quality evidence comparing palliative surgery and medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. We were not able to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits or harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. However, there is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
 This review of four randomised controlled trials found that there was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels when used alone or with the OCP. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels, triglycerides and triglyceride levels, but had no significant effect on high-density lipid levels, fasting insulin or homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) insulin resistance. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. Although statins improve lipid profiles in women with PCOS, there is no evidence to support their use. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes to assess clinical outcomes.
 This systematic review identified 1522 unique references of which we excluded 1330 on the basis of title and abstract. We retrieved the remaining 22 articles in full, but none satisfied the inclusion criteria. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques for palliative control of vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. We found no new studies. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. Therefore, the choice will be based on local resources. Radiotherapy techniques are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant.
 Three randomised controlled trials were identified, enrolling 745 patients, that compared temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). These trials found that temozoleomide was more effective than radiotherapy in prolonging survival and delaying tumour progression without affecting quality of life (QoL), although these benefits only appear to emerge when it is given in both concomitant and adjuvant phases of treatment. In the elderly, temozoliomide alone appears comparable to radiotherapy but with more adverse events. In recurrent HGG, two RCTs enrolling 672 patients in total found that it did not increase OS compared to standard chemotherapy but it did increase PFS in a subgroup analysis of grade IV GBM tumours. Adverse events were similar between arms. In patients with recurrent GBM, it may have benefits on QoL without increasing side effects but it does not improve overall.
 Two studies were included in this review. One study found low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations for district health systems management ('contracting-in') may improve health care access and utilization. However, contracting-in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. The other study found that intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers’ performance. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses. More evidence is needed before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness of these interventions in diverse settings.
 We found three studies that involved 123 people. There was some evidence from three small studies that showed that surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, length of intensive care unit stay (ICU), length of hospital stay, chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects. However, there was no clear evidence that there was a difference in mortality between treatment groups. Further well-designed studies are needed to confirm these results.
 We found 50 randomised controlled trials of cerivastatin in 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with or without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied the effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. The evidence is current to February 2016. The trials were small, short-term studies and included only a small number of participants. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. This review did not provide a good estimate of harms associated with cerivastsatin because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects.
 This review included 28 studies involving 6851 patients. The evidence is current up-to-date to February 2016. The studies were randomised to remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation or control. We found that there was little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death, or kidney injury between the two groups. We also found no difference between the groups. There was some evidence to suggest that there may have been a small effect on kidney injury using either the AKIN (8 studies, 2364 participants) or RIFLE (3 studies, 1586 participants) criteria. We did not find any evidence to show any difference in kidney injury. It is uncertain whether remote ishaemia preconditionsing leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low (15 studies, 3993 participants: RR 3.47 to 21.76, high quality evidence); only two of 15 studies reported any adverse effects. The remaining 13 studies stated that no adverse effects were observed in either group. Overall we had moderate-high certainty evidence, however the available data does not confirm the efficacy in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in patients undergoing major cardiac surgery.
 We found 12 randomised controlled trials with 703 people with stroke. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, including fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs. The other studies primarily investigated preventing PSF. There was not enough evidence from these studies for us to be able to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after stroke. Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate PSF but other symptoms after stroke, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF in people who had had stroke. Some of the interventions described were feasible, but their efficacy should be investigated in more robust studies with more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
 We found three small randomised controlled trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) that evaluated interventions to treat hyperkalaemia in preterm babies. The trials were very small. In two trials (Malone 1991 and Hu 1999), the intervention was compared with cation-exchange resin. In the third (Singh 2002, Hu 1999) the combination of insulin and glucose was compared to cation exchange resin. One of these studies (Hu 1999) showed a reduction in all cause mortality. The other two studies showed no differences in mortality or other clinical outcomes. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination or glucose or albuterol inhalation. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. No firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. Other potentially effective interventions (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested to date.
 This Cochrane review found 12 randomised controlled trials that compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected participants. IVIG probably hastens recovery as much as PE. In children, according to low quality evidence, IVIGs probably hasten recovery compared with supportive care alone. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment, but IVG is significantly much more likely to be completed than PE. Also, giving IVG after PE did not confer significant extra benefit. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset.
 We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) that randomly assigned 7597 participants to receive a high fraction of inspired oxygen during anaesthesia or surgery. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. In trials with an overall low-quality of evidence, we found no evidence to support the routine use in anaesthesia and surgery of a high proportion of inspired air. However, we did find some evidence to suggest a beneficial effect on surgical site infections. We did not find any evidence to show an effect on mortality, serious adverse events, or length of stay in hospital. The overall quality of the evidence was low to very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about our findings.
 We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups). We found 25 studies (3663 children). Two of these studies did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 studies (3258 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. We found moderate quality evidence (six studies including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME within the first two to three months of treatment. However, there is evidence that these children are more than twice as likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. We also found evidence (five studies, 742 children) indicating that children given oral antibiotics were more likely than those not given antibiotics to have diarrhoeas, vomiting and skin rash within one month. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics were associated with fewer breathing tube insertions. There was also low quality evidence from five studies (1086 children) suggesting that children who received antibiotics were less likely than children who did not receive them to have acute otitis media episodes within four to eight weeks (five trials, 1086 children). It should, however, be noted that when we excluded studies with high-quality evidence, the beneficial effect of oral antibiotics was no longer significant. In terms of other secondary outcomes, only two studies (849 children) reported on hearing levels and found conflicting results. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics had an important impact on breathing tube insertion (two studies, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one study, 103 children). Furthermore, we found no data on other important outcomes such as speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. This review presents evidence of both benefits and harms for children up to 16 years of age with OME. Although evidence indicates an increased chance of complete resolution at various time points, we also found some evidence to suggest these children may have more side effects, such as diarrhoean, vomiting, skin rash and diarrhoeans.
 This review of 12 randomised controlled trials found that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions about the level of protein intake and compliance remain. Further longer-term research on large representative groups of patients with diabetes mellitus is necessary.
 We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality. We found that most people who had mild brain injury made a good recovery when appropriate information was provided, without the need for additional specific interventions. For people with moderate to severe brain injury, more intensive rehabilitation programmes are associated with earlier functional gains, and continued outpatient therapy can help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. Intensive rehabilitation programmes may lead to earlier gains, but the balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has yet to be determined. Patients discharged from hospital with mild to moderate brain injury benefit from routine follow-up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Patients who have severe to severe ABI benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. Not all questions can be addressed by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, we do not know which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies.
 We found only one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) comparing rooming-in versus separate care. The evidence is current up to September 2016. The trial included 176 women. We found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in versus mother-infant separation. There was no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants being exclusively breastfed at six months of age. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was 8.3, slightly higher than the separate care group, i.e. seven times per day. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was significantly higher among women who were roomed-in compared with women who received separate care, but there was not enough evidence for us to draw any conclusions about whether rooming was better or worse than separate care for exclusive breastfeeding. None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. Further well-designed studies are needed.
 This review included eight randomised controlled trials involving 660 people with acute ischaemic stroke. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment, indicating that people treated with sanchi had a significantly lower rate of death or dependency than people who did not receive treatment. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that participants probably had mild strokes. Data were limited in respect to stroke recurrence and quality of life. One trial reported higher Barthel index scores in people treated. Pooled analysis of seven trials indicated that sancha might improve neurological deficit more than control with a significant difference. Few adverse events were reported. Sanchi appears to be beneficial and safe in this review, but more well-designed randomised trials are required.
 This review of trials found that there is not enough reliable evidence supporting or refuting the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets. There is a suggestion that immediate implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction.
 This Cochrane review found that there is not enough evidence as to whether clioquinol (PBT1) has any positive clinical benefit for patients with AD, or whether the drug is safe. There is a need for more research in this area.
 We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in this review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Two trials specifically included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 PAH. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this clinical setting.
 We included 22 randomised controlled trials involving 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm, elbow or elbow surgery. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found one new trial involving 45 participants in this updated review. This review provides evidence that multiple-injection techniques using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety.
 This review found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. If inhaled steroids are required to control children's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's asthma and closely following growth.
 This review of three randomised controlled trials (139 patients) found that APD did not differ from CAPD with respect to mortality, risk of peritonitis, switching from original PD modality to a different dialysis modality, hernias, PD fluid leaks, PD catheter removal, or hospital admissions. There was no difference between the two modalities with regard to residual renal function. However, patients on APD had significantly more time for work, family and social activities. APD may however be considered advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education due to its psychosocial advantages.
 This review of 37 randomised controlled trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was better than RT for early stage (I-II) HD in terms of survival, progression-free survival (PFS) and progression/relapse (SM) but not SM risk. The superiority of CRT also applied to early stage IIIA separately. For advanced stages (III to IV), CRT better prevents progression and relapse but CT alone seems to cause less SM. This effect, also seen in early stages separately, was due directly to first-line treatment.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT. Excess SM with RT is probably caused by increased need for salvage therapy after RT.
 We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled 4893 participants. Opioids were administered orally, transdermally, or intrathecally. Many participants stopped taking opioids because they had side effects or were not getting enough pain relief. However, patients who are able to continue taking opioids long-term experience clinically significant pain relief, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Many minor side effects (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious side effects, including iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. Findings regarding quality of life and functional status were inconclusive.
 This review found only one small randomised controlled trial with 212 participants. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108). The average age was 58.4 years in the oxandrolone-treated group and were all male (100, 104/104) with a mean age of 57.3 years. The study was stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) showed no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing. There was very low-certainty evidence on complete ulcers and adverse events. We are uncertain whether the use of anabolic steroids improves or reduces the complete healing of pressure ulcers, as the participants were mostly male spinal cord injury patients. Thus, we are very uncertain whether oxandrogolone increases or decreases the risk of serious adverse events as we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. We were very uncertain about the risk for serious side effects in people treated or not treated with anabolic steroid. The certainty of this evidence was downgraded twice for imprecision and once for indirectness, as there were too few participants in this study. There is no high quality evidence from this small study. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary, but careful consideration is required when planning future research.
 This review included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email to usual care. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. For example, there was no difference between email versus standard mail or email versus usual care for patient or caregiver understanding and support. Results were inconclusive for patient and caregiver behaviours and actions. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology.
 The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was not enough evidence from these studies to show a difference for vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. No serious side effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. Postural restrictions do not expose most patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine application of mastoid oscillation during the manoeuvre, or additional steps in an 'augmented' version. Neither treatment is associated with adverse effects.
 This review included four studies involving 231 participants with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types, doses, types of steroids, antibiotics and other treatments. There were important differences between studies in the types of treatments used in these studies, but overall, the results were similar. The evidence relating to the effectiveness of different types and doses of different treatments for adults with rhinosinitis is of very low quality. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance is uncertain. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. No differences were found for any objective measurements or olfactory tests in those studies in which they were measured. The overall quality of the evidence is very low or low.
 We found eight randomised controlled trials (709 participants) comparing foods fortified with zinc plus other micronutrients with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. The evidence is current to September 2016. The trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four trials compared foods fortified in combination with other nutrients/factors with foods containing the same nutrients or other factors. We found that people who ate foods fortified or not with zinc increased their serum or plasma zinc levels compared with people who did not eat them. However, there was not enough information about the effects on children’s growth, cognition, work capacity, or haematological indicators. We did not find a difference in serum zinc levels between people consuming foods fortified and people not eating them. There was no reported adverse effects of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. The quality of evidence was low or very low, meaning that we are uncertain about the results. We rated most trials as having unclear or high risk of bias for the way they were carried out, which means we are very uncertain about their results.
 This review included 11 studies involving 3060 men with advanced prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. The quality was rated as moderate for overall survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to side effects. The review found evidence that use of non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy compared with medical or surgical castration monotherapy is less effective for men with metastatic prostate cancer, although it is unclear whether it is more effective than castration alone. The risk of side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes, was also increased. Further research is likely to have an important impact on men’s survival.
 We found eight randomised controlled trials in which 600,000 women were randomly assigned to receive either screening or not. The trials were carried out over 10 years ago. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show an effect of screening on total cancer mortality, including breast cancer, after 10 years, or on all-cause mortality after 13 years. We found that breast cancer mortality was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed that screening did not reduce death from any cause, including cancer, at 13 years, compared with no screening. We also found that there was not enough evidence that screening reduced death from all causes. The number of lumpectomies and mastectomies was also increased in women who had screening. The use of radiotherapy was not significantly different between groups, although there was no difference between groups in the use of chemotherapy. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. Recent observational studies show more overdiagnosis than in the trials and very little or no reduction of advanced cancers with screening.
 We found four studies, with 522 women, comparing 10,000 units hCG priming with no priming. Three studies only included women with PCOS, while this was an exclusion criterion in the fourth study. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, so was not included in formal analysis. We found no conclusive evidence of an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. There was low quality evidence that hCG may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions, so we could not adequately assess the safety of hCG. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role, and the optimal dose and timing.
 This review of 24 randomised controlled trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement of figural memory. Results from smaller trials assessing effects on individual cognitive domains mostly reported no evidence of benefit.
 We found two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. The studies used the same combination of inhaled inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium). Both studies were published as full articles and neither study was at low-quality evidence in all domains. We found no differences between ICS and LAMA for improvement in symptoms measured by the COPD Assessment Test (CAT score) nor for FEV₁ (change from baseline to 24-hour weighted mean on treatment day 84). We found that there was no difference between the two inhalers for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to intubation and physical activity measures. We are uncertain whether once-daily ICS or LAMA, combined in one inhaler, has a different efficacy or adverse effect profile compared to LAMA in people with COPD. However, the current evidence is not strong enough to demonstrate important differences between inhalers in terms of effects, nor is it strong enough for us to establish whether once daily ICS is better or worse than LAMA. Further trials of longer duration are needed.
 This review included four short-term randomised controlled trials, with data from four short term studies (169 participants) available for analysis. The review found evidence from these studies to suggest that there is some evidence that antidepressants may be useful in treating patients with BDD. However, more research is needed to confirm these findings.
 This review identified three small randomised controlled trials, involving 268 adults, comparing cotrimoxazole desensitization with a rechallenge protocol to prevent discontinuation or side effects in HIV-infected patients with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug. These studies found a beneficial effect of using a desensitized protocol over the rechallenges protocol at six months of follow-up. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies.
 We found three randomised controlled trials enrolling 148 newborn babies. We found that midazolam was more effective than placebo (placebo) in reducing the length of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). However, we could not determine whether it was better than morphine. We also found that there were more adverse effects in the babies who received midazoleam compared with those who received morphine. This review raises concerns about the safety of midazoles. More research is needed.
 This review of 12 randomised controlled trials involving 767 participants found that there was no difference between people who received or did not receive antibiotics for NTS diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment. However, there was an increase in the number of negative stool cultures for NTS during the first week of treatment. Antibiotic treatment meant passage of the same Salmonella serovar one month after treatment was almost twice as likely. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted with antibiotic treatment for NTS. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
 We included 23 studies (n = 4192 adult patients). The studies were published up to August 2016. Twenty studies are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. The studies varied widely, ranging from 12 to 78%. We found that we could not combine data from 21 studies, 3650 adult patients, to determine the accuracy of these studies. We found no differences between studies regarding the number of patients who were correctly or wrongly diagnosed with septicemia. We also found no difference between studies about the number who were wrongly diagnosed or not. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. If we test 1000 adult patients under suspicion of septic infection, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly diagnosed. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic treatment, while 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. Further studies about this question are needed.
 We included 29 randomised controlled trials involving 5718 people. The evidence is current up to April 2016. The studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. There were 16 studies that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification, five studies including people undergoing what was considered 'contaminated' surgery, with the remaining studies involving people undergoing different surgical procedures. Four studies compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, including film, silver and hydrocolloid dressings. Most studies in this review were small and at a high or unclear risk of bias. It is uncertain whether covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention with wound dressing reduces or increases SSI, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk, improving scarring, reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. There was limited and very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and acceptability, acceptability of dressing and ease of removal, as there was uncertainty about whether wound dressing influenced these outcomes. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference.
 We found only two randomised controlled trials. One study compared selenium with placebo. The other study compared docosahexanoic acid with eicosapentaenoic acid. Both studies were funded by pharmaceutical companies. One trial randomised 179 women. The second study randomised 126 women at risk of postpartum depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Women received supplements or placebo from the time they were recruited up until their final review visit six to eight weeks after giving birth. The women who were found not to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideation or schizophrenia were excluded from the study. This included study did not report on any of these other outcomes. There was not enough evidence to conclude that selenia, DHA or EPA prevent postnatal depression. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement.
 We found 11 randomised controlled trials that evaluated different anthracycline infusion durations (803 participants). The majority of participants were adults with different solid tumours. We found that people treated with an infusion duration of six hours or longer were less likely to experience clinical heart failure than those treated with a shorter infusion duration (5 studies, 557 participants). However, we could not make any conclusions about whether there was any difference between the two groups of people. We also found that there was no difference between people treated or not with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or 60 mg or more. However, there was only a small amount of data for children and data obtained in adults cannot be extrapolated to children. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults.
 We found 37 randomised controlled trials involving 3110 people with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Studies were generally poorly reported and we were not able to assess risk of bias adequately. We found that there is no high-quality evidence to suggest that hypothermia is beneficial in the treatment of people who have had a brain injury. Further research, which is methodologically robust, is required.
 This review of three studies, involving 519 people with depression, found that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. The current evidence base is too heterogeneous and sparse to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness of family therapy for depression. At this point, use of psychological interventions for the treatment of depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy. Further high quality trials examining the effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of explicitly defined family therapy are required.
 Three randomised controlled trials involving 206 participants were included, all patients with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was a significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE (WMD 2.04, 95% CI 1.43 to 2.66). No data on behaviour and death were available from the included trials. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL. Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, caregiver burden were not undertaken in the included studies. Of the three included trials, all described the adverse events in detail, there were no statistically significant differences across the trials. Due to the low methodological quality, small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use in patients with dementia. High-quality trials are needed to confirm these results.
 Seven randomised controlled trials involving 960 participants were included in this review. The quality of the studies was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduced the odds of developing a seroma and reduced the number of postoperative seroma aspirations. These benefits should be balanced against an increased length of hospital stay in the drained population.
 This review of eight randomised controlled studies with 390,769 participants found no clear evidence that flavonoid intake reduced colorectal neoplasms. However, there was some evidence that increased intake of procyanidin, phytoestrogen and anthocyanin could reduce the risk of CRC. More research is needed.
 This review included seven randomised controlled trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials used both definitions. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, we found evidence that extending the treatment period from 48 weeks to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions (27/84 (32.1%) versus 46/91 (50.5%) compared with 52/194 (26.8%) compared to 265/499 (53.7%) versus 207/496 (41.7%). However, there was no significant difference between the two treatment groups. The length of treatment did not affect adherence (247/279 (88.4%) versus 252/274 (92.0%) and 85/350 (24.3%) versus 146/353. In the single trial that reported adverse events, no difference was seen between patients treated with peginterferon plus ribavirin. The observed intervention effects can be caused by both systematic error and random errors (play of chance). There was no reporting on mortality. More data are needed before we can recommend or reject extending treatment for slow responders.
 This systematic review found only two small studies (34 participants). Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic cancers. There was no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have resectable disease on CT scan.
 This systematic review identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) comparing different treatments with each other. There is no strong evidence that any treatment is effective for treating chronic blephareitis. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic relief, but there is not enough evidence that it is safe or effective. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic pain relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. More research is needed in this area.
 This review found only one randomised controlled trial with a total of 23 children with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis. There was insufficient evidence from this trial to determine whether photodynamic therapy alters the course of disease or provides an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent lung disease. Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic treatment. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms, voice quality and quality of life should be measured in future trials.
 We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items, six studies were unclear or not clearly reported, eight studies did not clearly report whether or not participants were blind to which test was being used, and two studies (12%) did not report clearly how long it took between the two tests. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with or without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated CDUS. Eleven studies evaluated CE-CDUS: these studies were of better quality than the CDUS studies: five studies (45%) fulfilled all QUADas items, four studies (36%), did not show clearly how participants were informed about which test they were being given, two studies were not clear about how they were given, and one study did not tell us if they were blind or not. Seven studies provided information about how accurate the ultrasound was before, after, during, or after administration of contrast. We found that both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity. In an endoleak surveillance programme, CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive to establish the type of endoleaks and the subsequent therapeutic management.
 We found seven studies, with 766 women, with low back pain in labour, comparing sterile water with saline or no water. Four studies used injections, two used subcutaneous injections, and one both. We found that women treated with sterile water had more pain relief than those treated with saline. However, we did not find any difference between sterile water and saline for caesarean section rates, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. There was not enough evidence on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse in women who received sterile water. The quality was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small numbers of women, incomplete results, small numbers, small sample sizes, incomplete outcome data, and poor reporting. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine if sterile water relieves pain during labour.
 We found 12 randomised controlled trials, involving 1932 participants, that compared glue with sutures for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain and not simultaneously increase the recurrence rate, compared with suture. However, glue was better than suture regarding duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. There were no significant differences between the two groups regarding adverse events. Glue may therefore be a sensible alternative to suture in mesh fixation. Larger trials with longer follow up periods are needed.
 We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. Providing instructions to authors was associated with improved reporting of ethics requirements and fewer errors in references in two studies, but no difference was seen in the quality of abstracts. Structuring generally improved the quality in abstracts, but increased their length. A substantial number of references in biomedical articles are cited or quoted inaccurately. However there is some evidence that the 'package' of technical editing used by biomedical journals does improve papers.
 We found 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were small, of short duration, of poor methodological quality, and most had significant shortcomings in reporting. The available evidence indicates that codeine is more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and constipation. There were three deaths, in all cases due to the underlying cancer.
 We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks to 12 months. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression. The effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. Caregiver knowledge also showed an improvement, but the effect was small. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping, child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression, which suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence and may change our estimates. No effects were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the studies. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high, meaning that we are very uncertain about our results.
 We found six randomised controlled trials involving 2411 adult participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 to 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants who had both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five trials included participants with focal onset seizures only. Participants receiving brivaracetam were significantly more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those receiving placebo. However, they were also more likely than those who did not receive the drug to achieve seizure freedom. The incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason was not significantly different following treatment with brivaractam compared to placebo. Brivaracetams were also associated with a greater proportion of treatment withdrawals due to side effects compared with placebo. It is important, therefore, that these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. None of the studies included participants under 16, and all studies were of short duration.
 We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some studies focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information about vaccination than they were getting. Parents wanted balanced information, presented clearly (high confidence), presented clearly and simply and tailored to their situation (moderate confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services, in good time before each vaccination appointment. Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source they could trust and found it challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations about how they would interact with them. Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. Further research, especially in rural countries, could strengthen the findings where we had low or very low confidence.
 We found 10 randomised controlled trials, involving 599 anorexia nervosa participants, that compared different psychological therapies to each other. Two trials included children. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by an eating disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. However there were no differences in overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies and TAU. There was a suggestion in one trial (35 participants) that dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. The quality of the evidence was very low, meaning that we cannot draw any conclusions about the effects of specific individual psychological treatments for anorexic disorders in adults or older adolescents. Larger, better quality studies are needed.
 This review included three randomized controlled trials involving 516 participants. The first two trials were funded by the National Eye Institute, the third by the German Research Foundation. All three trials employed adequate methods for random sequence generation and allocation concealment. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third trial masked outcome assessors. All trials appear to be free of reporting bias. There were no major differences between silicone oil, perfluoropropane gas, or sulfur hexafluoride gas for achieving macular attachment or achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macula attachment at a minimum of one year. However, there were no significant differences in outcomes between the two agents. In addition, heavy silicone oil was not shown to be superior to standard silicone oil. The use of either perfluropropane or silicone oil appears reasonable for most patients with RD associated with PVR. Because there do not seem to be any major differences in outcome between these two agents, the choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient.
 We found five randomised controlled trials involving 1819 women. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that women who had planned early delivery were less likely than women who did not have early delivery to have a baby. There was no clear difference between groups in the number of babies who died or were admitted to the NICU. There were no clear differences between groups for caesarean section, duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery or for the baby. Planned early delivery was associated with a lower risk of HELLP syndrome (high blood pressure), severe kidney impairment, respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal intensive care unit admission (NICU) admission and NICU admission. There is not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects of early delivery on infant mortality or severe morbidity. The quality of the evidence was rated as high, moderate, low, or very low. This means that we are very uncertain about whether or not early delivery is beneficial or harmful. Further studies are needed. These studies should also look at the different types of hypertensive diseases and the optimal timing of delivery for these conditions.
 This review of six randomised controlled trials (including 142 participants) found strong evidence that prophylactic clotting factor concentrates preserve joint function in children with hemophilia. However, there is not enough evidence from randomised trials to confirm the observational evidence from observational studies to confirm this result. Well-designed randomised studies are needed.
 We found 13 randomised controlled trials involving 1824 participants. The trials were small, underpowered, small sample size, small number of participants, poor reporting of study methods, poor quality of study methodology and poor quality evidence. We were not able to pool the results due to differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between treatment and control groups. Five studies aimed to maintain remission. We found that less aggressive treatment schedules appear to produce similar effects with less adverse event profiles. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small and prone to both systematic errors.
 Two studies involving 447 RhD negative women were included in this review. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this uncommon outcome. One study found that the mean anti-D IgG concentrations after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days after administration. However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in these studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. It appears to be equally effective. Anti-D can be administered by IM or IV injection. This review found insufficient information upon which to guide practice.
 This Cochrane review included eight studies involving 21,379 patients with diabetes. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA trial which included patients who had multiple risk factors for coronary artery disease. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. Five studies investigated clopidogrel (an antiplatelet drug) in combination with aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole. Data were only available from one of these studies (355 patients). This study did not show any difference between the two drugs for all-cause mortality, vascular mortality or myocardial infarction. Data for diabetes patients were not available from any of these trials. The available evidence for ADP receptor antagonists is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients with and without diabetes separately. There were no data available from these trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, side effects specifically for patients, or costs. Therefore, recommendations for the use of ADPs to prevent CVD in people with diabetes are based on available evidence from trials including patients with both diabetes. Trials with diabetes patients are needed.
 We found 10 randomised controlled trials with 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, two evaluated a six-week treatment and one a three-month treatment. We found no clear differences between non-invasive ventilation compared with oxygen or room air, except for exercise performance, which was significantly improved in people with cystic fibrosis who had been given the intervention compared to people who had not received it. We were not able to find any evidence to show any benefit in improving lung function, but it did improve some lung function parameters. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece, and one trial used a face mask. Three of these studies reported on quality of life. The other three studies evaluated the effects on exercise capacity and did not report on any of the review's primary outcomes. One of the studies reported that one participant could not tolerate an increase in inspiratory positive airway pressure. A second study reported that a participant did not tolerate breathing room air and two people experienced aerophagia, but this was resolved when inspiratory negative airways pressure was decreased. We did not find any clear differences in exercise capacity between people who received the intervention and people who did not receive it. One trial, evaluating the effects, found no differences in lung function between people receiving the intervention with or without the intervention. The trial did not provide any information about side effects. We judged there was an unclear risk of bias in most of the trials. The only trial that was judged to have a low risk for all other domains was a six week study. The remaining trials were judged to be at a low or very low risk. Most trials had a small number of participants. The evidence is current to February 2016.
 This review included seven studies on 245 people with COPD. We found that NIPPV had no consistent effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, quality of life, lung function, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. However, the small sample sizes of these studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NIPPVs for people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
 We found four randomised controlled trials, involving 1190 women, that compared induction of labour for suspected macrosomia to expectant management. The evidence is current to February 2016. The trials were at moderate to high-quality quality. Induction of labour did not affect caesarean section rates or instrumental delivery rates, but there was some evidence to suggest a lower mean birthweight, fewer birth fractures and shoulder dystocia. There was not enough evidence to say whether there was any difference between groups for other important outcomes, such as neonatal asphyxia, low Apgar scores, or low arterial cord blood pH. However, there was an unexpected observation of increased perineal damage in women in the induction group. In one study with data for 818 women, tears were increased in women who had been induced. There were no clear differences between groups in brachial plexus injury, but it is not clear if there is any difference for such a rare event. Also, antenatal estimates of fetal weight are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily and many inductions may not be needed. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment, induction at or near term for fetuses suspected of being macrosomic should be discussed with parents. Although some parents may feel the evidence already justifies induction, others may justifiably disagree. Further trials of induction shortly before term are needed.
 We found 159 randomised clinical trials that randomly assigned 94,491 participants to receive either vitamin D or placebo. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The remaining eight trials randomly assigned 795 participants with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. Vitamin D was administered for 4.4 years. We found 56 randomised trials with 95,286 participants. The mean age was 18 years. The average age of women in these trials was 77%. Vitamin D decreased mortality by 12.5 deaths per 100,000 participants in all 56 trials analysed together (5,920/47,472 (12.5%) compared with 6,077/48,814). Vitamin D also decreased cancer mortality by 6.7 deaths in the 56 trials. We did not find any significant differences in the effect of vitamin D on mortality in subgroup analyses of trials using placebo compared with trials using no intervention in the control group. A subgroup analysis of trials at high risk of bias suggested that vitamin D2 may even increase mortality, but this finding could have been due to random errors. We also found no significant differences between vitamin D3, alfacalcidol, calcitriol or calcitriole in mortality. In addition, we found no differences between studies where vitamin D was used with or without calcium. More than 8,000 people dropped out. The overall quality was moderate to very low.
 This review found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. However, there is not enough evidence on other drugs for weight loss or control.
 This review identified five randomised controlled studies involving 734 participants that compared VGB monotherapy with CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. However, it was difficult to combine the results because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those chosen for this review. No significant differences were found between VGB and CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six months remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. Compared to CBZ, VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. Given the high prevalence of visual field defect reported in an existing systematic review of observational studies (Maguire 2010), VGB should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy and should not be considered a first-line choice. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed.
 We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these studies were stopped early because they did not have enough participants. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 people who received plerixafor or placebo. In both studies, the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerizafor, while the control group received placebo. The evidence is current to February 2016. The results showed that there was no evidence for differences between the groups in terms of survival at 12 months, adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection, successful stem cell collection, or neutrophil and platelet engraftment in transplanted participants. However, there was high heterogeneity between studies for the number of transplanted patients, so we could not combine these results. The two trials included in this review were published several times. There was not enough evidence from these trials to determine whether the addition of plerxafor increases survival or adverse events. The review also found insufficient evidence to determine if the addition to GCSF leads to increased stem cells collection in a shorter time. None of these trials reported on the outcomes quality of life, progression-free survival, or side effects. Two more trials, which included nine people and five people, did not report any outcome. Another trial with 100 people was recently completed, but has not yet been published.
 This review included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. Cones were better than no active treatment, but there was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. There was little evidence for a subjective cure between cones and PFMT, or between cones plus electrostimulation, but the confidence intervals were wide. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure, and no study looked at economic outcomes. This review provides some evidence that weighted vaginal cones are better than a placebo, and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
 We found 11 randomised controlled trials involving 2246 AF patients. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with usual care. However, there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of educational or behavioural interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. Thus, more trials are needed.
 The review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, they increase uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart rate changes but do not effect or may reduce caesarean section rates. PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as effective as each other, any differences between formulations are marginal but may be important.
 This review found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has similar effects to incubator care with regard to temperature control and weight gain. This is especially true in developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered. As limited data is available, this method is not recommended as practice.
 We found three studies, involving 146 participants. The main finding was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as it penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were not able to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques. Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review, however, we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high-quality. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase certainty in these findings.
 We found three trials, involving 244 women, which compared prostaglandins with placebo. The studies were considered to be of poor quality and there was little confidence in their results. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. The trials were of poor methodological quality. We did not find any differences between the two groups of women in terms of the rate of manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, blood loss, need for blood transfusion or side-effects. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward) except for'shivering', which was more frequent in women who received prostglandin. The included studies were not large enough for us to be sure that these results are not just chance findings. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research is needed.
 We found six studies involving 355 infants. We found that continuous distending pressure (CPAP or CNP) is associated with fewer deaths in preterm babies with respiratory distress. However, it is also associated with an increased rate of pneumothorax. We did not find any difference between CPAP and nasal CPAP at 28 days, as well as no difference at nine to 14 years. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
 This review found that foam wound dressings do not promote the healing of diabetic foot ulcers compared with basic wound contact dressings. There is no research evidence to suggest that foam dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcer in people with diabetes than other types of dressing.
 We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included 111 participants: 55 participants had endoscopic endoscopy and 56 participants had surgical intervention. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgical group and 15 in the conservative group. The trial showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher percentage of participants with pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function. No differences were found between the two intervention modalities for major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. This review shows that surgery is superior to endoscopic surgery in terms of pain relief. Surgical intervention resulted better quality of life and improved preservation of exocrine pancreatic functions, but not at long-term follow-up (≥ 5 years), although there were too few participants in these trials to be sure about these results. Regarding the comparison of surgical intervention versus conservative treatment, this review has shown that surgical treatment is a promising approach in the early stage of chronic pancreatitis. Other trials need to confirm these results because of the methodological limitations of these studies.
 Only one randomised controlled trial was identified for this review. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. Patients were randomised to early or delayed bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) or delayed post-operative bathing for at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of normal bathing. The only outcome reported was surgical site infection (SSI), which was not statistically different between the two groups. The proportions of patients who developed SSIs were 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8 in the delayed bathing group. There is currently no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus delayed showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications, as the confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in SSI by early post-operation bathing cannot be ruled out.
 We found one randomised controlled trial in 35 people, but it did not measure the primary outcome for this review. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but one prednisone-treated participant died. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral corticosteroids compared with no treatment, because the quality was very low. We also know from observational studies that long-term use causes serious side effects. Most side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone (low-quality evidence) as was moon facies. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
 We found six studies including 2100 people with asthma. The studies were of low or very low quality. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check-up needed oral corticosteroids for an asthma exacerbation than those who were seen in person. We did not find any important differences in asthma control, asthma control or quality of life between the two types of check-ups. There was not enough information from these studies for us to say whether or not remote asthma checkups are safe, or whether they are better or worse than being seen face-to-face. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes. We do not know whether the additional participants who had had a telephone check up subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes.
 This systematic review found three randomised controlled trials, involving 212 participants, that compared exercise therapy with no exercise therapy. The results suggest that exercise therapy can improve functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity and pain. However, there was not enough evidence from these studies to be certain about the long-term effects of exercise therapy for people with JIA. The included studies were all consistent about the adverse effects of the exercise therapy; no short-term detrimental effects were found in any of these studies. Both included studies showed that exercise does not exacerbate arthritis. The large heterogeneity in outcome measures, as seen in this review, emphasises the need for a standardised assessment or a core set of functional and physical outcome measurements suited for health research.
 We found 19 randomised controlled trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU), and one with ICU patients). The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that antibiotics have some beneficial effects on patients admitted or discharged from the ICU, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure, length of hospital stay, mortality, length in hospital stay). Few data are available on the effects of antibiotics on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms, and data show that there is no statistically significant increase of side effects with antibiotics compared to placebo. These inconsistent effects call for research into clinical signs and biomarkers that can help identify patients who would benefit from antibiotics, while sparing antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit (side effects, costs, and multi-resistance).
 We found nine randomised controlled trials with 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) comparing whole grain versus lower whole grain or refined grain control groups. We found that there was not enough evidence that whole grain diets had an effect on cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported the effect on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. Overall, we found no difference between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol (mean difference 0.07, 95% confidence interval -0.07 to 0.21, 6 studies (7 comparisons); 722 participants). Using GRADE, we assessed the overall quality of the available evidence on cholesterol as low. Trials were at unclear or high risk of bias with small sample sizes and relatively short-term interventions. The overall quality was low. There is a need for well-designed, adequately powered RCTs with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
 This Cochrane review included 28 studies involving 1896 participants. The evidence is current to February 2016. Thirty studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. In 10 studies, using a removable type of immobilisation combined with exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. In eight studies, commencing weight-bearing made a small improvement in ankle dorsiflexion range of motion. However, it also led to a higher rate of mainly minor side-effects (49/201 versus 20/197). In one small but potentially biased study, neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short-term. There was not enough evidence of benefit for stretching, manual therapy, or exercise compared with usual care. One small, single study (14 participants) found reduced ankle swelling after using thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. There is limited evidence supporting early commencement of weight bearing and the use of a removable types of immobilisations to allow exercise during immobilisation. More studies are needed to strengthen current evidence.
 This review of four studies found that home-based nursing programmes do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. Two interventions, an LPV/r regimen and peer support group therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, yet demonstrated greater viral load suppression compared to control groups, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART are needed.
 This review of five studies found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative pain, based on limited data for at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours. No serious side effects or withdrawals were reported in these studies. Efficacy of other doses, other efficacy outcomes, safety and tolerability could not be assessed.
 Six randomised controlled trials were included in this review. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm), two were small and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Four of these trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against no PFMT. Two trials included women having surgery for prolapsed prolapse. One trial included women who had not had prolapse surgery, whilst the other included women with prolapse who had had surgery. Two of these studies were small, so it is not clear whether PFMT is effective or not. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Pelvic floor muscle strength was not different between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst another found a benefit for PFMT in terms of stronger muscles. Two out of three trials measuring urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits immediately post-intervention. There is now some evidence that PFMT improves prolapse symptoms in women with symptomatic prolapse, but there is not enough evidence about how well it works in the long term. More research is needed. Other comparisons which have not been addressed to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle change interventions, and trials aimed at prolapse prevention.
 This Cochrane review found that quinolone antibiotics can clear aural discharge better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics. However, there is not enough evidence to say whether they are better or worse than other treatments. More research is needed.
 We found 21 studies with 6253 participants (5515 were included). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS differentiated schizophrenia from all other mental health disorders. In seven studies, it distinguished schizophrenia from non-psychotic mental health disorder. In 16 studies, the use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to their severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will consider to have schizophrenia, could be prematurely discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of the FRS. Empathetic, considerate use, with known limitations, should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. However, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available.
 We included 10 randomised controlled trials in this review. We included studies that compared educational and psychological interventions to conventional treatment for children with atopic eczema. The studies were carried out in primary-care settings. We did not identify any studies using psychological interventions. There were 2003 children who received educational interventions and 44 children who did not receive educational interventions. We found no studies on psychological interventions for children. The evidence is current to February 2016. The review found that there is limited evidence that educational interventions can help children to manage their condition. However, there is some evidence from studies using different educational intervention delivery models that these may lead to improvements in disease severity, quality of life, psychological distress, and cost-effectiveness. There is not enough information about how educational interventions are designed, how they are delivered, or how well they work. More research is needed.
 Fourteen randomised controlled trials (753 participants) were included in this review. HBOT was associated with improved outcomes for people with LRTI affecting tissues of the head, neck, anus, rectum and rectum. There was some moderate quality evidence that HBOT may improve mucosal coverage with osteoradionecrosis (ORN), but there was not enough evidence to determine whether HBOT had any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. The application of HBOT to selected participants and tissues may be justified. Further research is required. An economic evaluation should be undertaken.
 We found 10 randomised controlled trials involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, one on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. In four studies, the use of blunt needles reduced the number of needle stick injuries. Because the force needed for the blunt needles is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was rated to be high. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
 This review includes seven randomised controlled trials involving 422 people with schizophrenia that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size was between 20 to 157 participants. The studies lasted between four to 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between the two drugs. However, there were more movement disorders and incoordination in people treated with trifloperazine compared with those treated with the lower dose antipsychotics. There was also no difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. The quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed before conclusions can be made about the relative effects.
 We found nine eligible randomised controlled trials including 593 preterm infants in total. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm babies in the transition phase from intragastric tube feeding to oral feeding. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found no strong or consistent evidence that responsive feeding affects important outcomes for the babies or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists that infants fed in response to feeding cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included trials. More research is needed to confirm this finding.
 This review included two randomised controlled trials with 161 participants. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One randomised trial with 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo. The second trial with 18 participants showed no difference in ABI in participants receiving a multivitamin B supplement. No major events were reported. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
 We found two studies, involving 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. The evidence is current to September 2016. One study used a factorial design. The other study used the parallel group design. Both studies were conducted over three years. The authors found a statistically significant increase in clinical activity for dentists who received a fee for service. However, the authors did not report data on health service utilisation or patient outcomes. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. The second study compared capitation payments (where teeth are restored at a later stage in the disease process in the capitation system) with fee-for-service payments. The study found that dentists tended to see their patients less frequently and tended to carry out fewer fillings and extractions, but also tended to give more preventive advice. The overall quality was low/very low for all outcomes, as assessed using the GRADE approach.
 This review included 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. We found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy may reduce preterm birth, but this was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight (14 trials involving 5643 women) or stillbirth or neonatal death (14 studies involving 7637 women). No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any other primary maternal or newborn outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. There was no convincing evidence that zinc supplements during pregnancy results in other useful and important benefits. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and birthweight, and low for stillbirth. The evidence for a 14% relative reduction for zinc compared with placebo was primarily represented by trials involving women of low income and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality. Since the preterm association could well reflect poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in impoverished areas, rather than focusing on micronutrient supplementation alone, should be an urgent priority.
 We found 10 randomised controlled trials with 1656 participants. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased short-term clinical cure and decreased relapse rate at one month. However, this did not translate into a higher frequency of mycological cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. We found that, compared with conventional treatment, the use of probiotics could increase the rate of clinical cure, decrease relapse rate and decrease the relapse rate after one month, but this does not translate to a higher rate of long-term cure. There is a need for well-designed randomised clinical trials with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
 We included seven trials involving 696 women. The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. Two trials were in Germany, Italy, Turkey, Iran, Malaysia, Jordan, Turkey and Turkey, while the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a lower-middle income country. The evidence is up to date to February 2016. We found seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 participants). In six of these studies, all the women were included. In the seventh study, we included only the subgroup of women who met our inclusion criteria. The results suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain about the effect on congenital abnormalities because there were only two small trials with very few events and was found to be very low quality. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
 The evidence is up to date to January 2016. We found only five studies that compared laser photocoagulation with currently available lasers to no laser treatment. These studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Japan, USA, USA and Japan. The majority of participants in four studies were people with proliferative diabetic retinopathy and one study recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinopathies. The studies were conducted over 12 years ago. The evidence from these studies is current to February 2016. There was little difference between people who received laser treatment compared to people who did not receive laser treatment, but there was a small reduction of vision loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity with laser treatment at 12 months. We did not find that there was any difference at five years between people receiving laser treatment or those not receiving treatment. We judged this evidence to be of moderate or low quality, depending on the outcome. We could not combine the results because there were too few studies and there was not enough information to draw firm conclusions. None of these studies reported near vision, pain, loss of driving licence or side effects such as retinal detachment. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. This is partly because the studies were done many years ago, after which laser treatment has become the mainstay of treatment. Future studies are planned.
 We found two randomised controlled trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy. The participants were mostly men (67%). The mean age was 65 years. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. We found that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce tracheal intubation compared to oxygen therapy. There was very low quality evidence that the intervention may also reduce ICU length of stay. However, there was not enough evidence to be certain if CPAP had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one small trial of 60 participants suggested that NPPVs may improve blood gas levels, blood pH, blood oxygen levels, partial pressure, blood carbon dioxide levels, and blood pH levels one hour after the intervention. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
 This review of four trials involving 388 women found that there is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps delivery. No trials reported on serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious complications have largely not been evaluated.
 We found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1048 participants. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Most studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements for people with asthma. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage. More research is needed.
 This review included 10 randomised controlled trials (249 participants) using different treatments. Seven trials assessed single agents, three trials assessed combined agents, and three studies assessed IVIg, oxandrolone, AZA, MTX, ATG, and AZA plus MTX versus MTX. Seven of the 10 trials assessed a single agent (interferon beta-1a and MTX), three trials (78 participants) compared intravenous immunoglobulin with prednisone, but we were not able to combine these results because there were too many differences between the studies. We found moderate-quality evidence from two trials (58 participants) that there was no important difference in manual muscle strength sum scores from baseline to six months (moderate quality evidence) between interferon and placebo (moderate to very low quality evidence). A single trial of methotrexate (MTX, 44 participants) provided moderate quality evidence that MTX did not arrest or slow disease progression, based on reported percentage change of manual muscle sum scores at 12 months. An open trial of ATG combined with MTX and MTx provided very-low quality evidence for MTX in favour of MTX based on percentage change data given. We were unable to draw conclusions from trials of IVIG, azathioprine (AZA), MTX or MTX plus MTx, and arimoclomol. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab are ongoing. All analysed trials reported adverse events. None of the trials included prespecified criteria for significant side effects. We need more randomised trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures. Overall trial design limitations, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not these drugs are effective.
 We found nine randomised controlled trials, involving 3144 people, comparing linezolid with vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs caused by MRSA. Linezolid was more effective than vancomi in clinical and microbiological cure rates in adults, but there was no difference between the two treatments in all cause mortality. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in people treated with linezole compared to people treated in hospital. It seems, from the available data, that length of stay in hospital was shorter for those treated in the linezolide group than those treated by vancomiccin. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral linezoli than with intravenous vancoma. The available evidence is at high risk of bias because it is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezolic. Further well-designed, independently-funded, randomised trials are needed to confirm these findings.
 This review included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 512 participants, comparing the two procedures. We found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures, such as operating time, blood loss, intraoperative blood loss and red blood cell transfusion, were significantly reduced in the PPW group. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality studies of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
 Six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants were included in this systematic review. Five of the six studies reported death and severe disability (unfavourable outcome). In the two studies which reported death in a subgroup of traumatic subarachnoid haemorrhage patients, there was a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients. This systematic review shows that considerable uncertainty remains over their effects.
 We found four randomised controlled trials involving 3090 participants with OHCA. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be at a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (10.54%). When we compared survival at hospital discharge and survival at one year, we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. We have not been able to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority. Adverse effects were not associated with either therapy. Owing to the low quality of available evidence, we have been unable to determine conclusively whether immediate defibrillators and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy have similar effects on rates of return of spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. Further rigorous research is needed.
 This review found that there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF. More robust data from good quality trials with relevant outcomes are needed.
 We found 53 randomised controlled trials, which included 2981 people with schizophrenia. Family intervention may reduce relapse events and hospitalisations, although some small but negative studies might not have been identified by the search. We did not find data to suggest that family intervention either prevents or promotes suicide. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to poor methodological quality. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings.
 Three randomised controlled trials involving 263 participants were included in this review. These trials were carried out in Germany, Austria, the USA, Italy, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the UK, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark and Sweden. Two trials were industry sponsored. The trials examined both anatomical endpoints such as target lesion revascularization (TLR), binary restenosis, and improvement in Rutherford categories. We found no clear differences between DEBs versus uncoated balloon angioplasty. DEBs showed better outcomes for up to 24 months. DEB treatment also improved Rutherford categories, but there was not enough information to determine whether DEBs were better at improving Rutherford categories after 24 months of treatment. Data were insufficient for subgroup or sensitivity analyses to be conducted. The certainty of evidence presented was very low for amputation, target lesions revascularizations, binary restenaosis, death, one or more Rutherford categories and improvement. However, the certainty for all these outcomes is very low due to the small number of included studies and participants. Adequately powered and carefully constructed randomized controlled trials are needed.
 Seven randomised controlled trials involving 922 children with KD were included in this review. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that corticosteroids can be used to treat KD without causing serious adverse effects (no events, 737 participants) but without causing death or serious adverse events. We also found evidence that steroids can reduce the duration of fever, hospital stay, time taken for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate and C-reactive protein (CRP)) to normalise and length of hospital stay. There were not enough data available regarding adverse effects, mortality and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity. Evidence was considered to be of high quality for the incidence of serious side-effects, mortality, and time taken by laboratory parameters for normalisation. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate, which means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to what was estimated in this study. There was not enough information about adverse events, mortality or long term coronary morbidities. Evidence showed reduced inflammatory marker levels. This means that there may be some potential groups that may benefit more than others; however, further studies are required before this can be the basis for clinical action. Evidence presented in the review suggests that steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD.
 The evidence is current to September 2016. We found eight studies, which included 846 women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. Four studies compared PIP with another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling, or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). Two studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. The studies were of low or very low quality. The results showed that there were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants securely attached, fewer infants with disorganised attachment and fewer infants moving from insecure to secure attachment at post-intervention. However, there were no differences between PIP (i.e. adverse effects), or other outcomes, or any side effects. There were not enough studies to be sure whether PIP was better or worse than other PIPs. The quality of the evidence was rated as low, very low, low, moderate, or very good.
 We found 11 randomised controlled trials with 753 women in total. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found no convincing evidence that giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores. Although, there were higher maternal blood gas values, maternal oxygen saturation, maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), maternal UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) or UvPO2, which is the amount of blood oxygen in the baby's blood, when extra oxygen was given. There was high heterogeneity among these outcomes.
 This Cochrane review included twelve studies with 2196 participants. Reminder packing may represent a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected conditions. Further research is warranted to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
 We found 15 randomised clinical trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. However, there is a high risk for type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk for bias. Trimetazidine may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
 This systematic review included 61 studies, including 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The studies were published up-to August 2016. We included studies that compared kidney disease with cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosfamide, radiation therapy involving the kidney region, nephrectomy, or any combination of these. We also included studies in which participants were followed up for at least two years. The evidence is current to August 2017. We found 61 studies that evaluated kidney disease, but only six studies assessed kidney disease and six studies investigated risk factors. We did not find any studies assessing kidney disease or kidney function. The majority of studies looked at kidney disease in people who had already had kidney transplantation, so it was not possible for us to draw any conclusions about kidney disease. However, we did find that kidney disease was more common in people with CCS who had not had kidney transplants. We could not draw any firm conclusions about risk factors for kidney disease because the studies were too different. The risk factors were kidney disease (GFR), kidney function, kidney damage, kidney function testing, kidney failure, kidney disease-related side effects, tumour recurrence, abdominal radiotherapy, or tumour-related complications. There was not enough information available to draw firm conclusions regarding kidney disease risk factors, so we could not make any conclusions.
 This Cochrane systematic review identified two trials (182 participants) comparing Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®), Ciklavit® and Cajanus cajan® in people with sickle cell disease. The evidence is current up-to-date to February 2015. The results from the first trial showed a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises (low-quality evidence), but no serious adverse effects were reported. The second trial reported no serious side effects. Based on the published results, Nipisan® appeared to be safe and effective in reducing severe painful crises over a six-month follow-up period, but further trials are required to assess its role in the management of sickle cells.
 We found three randomised controlled trials involving 1999 participants. The studies were of moderate quality. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with standard treatment with a negative PET scan. The third trial was more complex. Participants were divided into those who had a favourable or unfavourable prognosis and those who did not. They were then randomised to receive either PET-adapted or standard treatment. Two of the three studies reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths. We found moderate-quality evidence that PFS was shorter in people with early-stage HL who received chemotherapy only, but not radiotherapy, than in people who received additional radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in people receiving chemotherapy but no radiotherapy and in those receiving chemotherapy with or without additional treatment. Progression-free survival was shorter for people receiving standard treatment, but it was not clear whether this difference translates into an overall survival benefit. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference between the two treatment arms for short-term side effects. No data were available on long-term AEs. To date, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, or QoL are available. However, this systematic review found moderate to very low quality evidence for PFS. More trials with longer follow-up periods may lead to more precise results for AEs, and could evaluate whether this PFS advantage will translate into overall survival.
 We found 31 randomised controlled trials that compared different hormonal contraceptives in women without diabetes. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, vaginal ring, and implants. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, only eight had any notable differences between the study groups in an outcome. We found no major differences in carbohydrate metabolism between different hormonal contraceptive regimens. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. We cannot make strong statements due to having few studies that compared the same types of contraceptives. Many of the earlier studies had limited reporting of methods.
 We included 10 randomised controlled trials that randomly assigned people with symptomatic hip OA to receive land-based therapeutic exercise programmes or no treatment. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. The trials included people aged 18 years or older who had hip or knee OA. The studies included people who had been treated for at least six months. We found that exercise programmes can reduce pain and improve physical function in people who have had hip pain. Pain was reduced by at least 8 points on the pain scale when compared with people who did not receive exercise. The improvement was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment (five studies, 391 people). Pain was also reduced by about 8 points when compared to people not receiving exercise (five trials, 367 people). Physical function was also improved by about 7 points when people with hip pain were given an exercise programme compared with those not receiving it. Quality of life was not improved by the exercise programme. Only three small studies (183 people) evaluated quality of life, with overall low-quality evidence, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. The five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two adverse events and all were related to increased pain.
 This systematic review found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental groups.
 This review found only one randomised controlled trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic) with delayed laparoscopies. This trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to early or delayed surgery. There were no deaths or serious adverse events in either group. There was no serious adverse event related to the surgery in either of these groups. The proportion of people who developed serious side effects was significantly lower in people who had early surgery compared with those who had delayed surgery, but there was no significant difference between the groups. This study did not report quality of life or return to work. The participants had shorter hospital stay in the early group than those in the delayed group (mean waiting time 4.2 months), the hospital stay, and operating time. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis, empyema, gallbladder perforation, acute cholangitis, obstructive jaundice, and recurrent biliary colonic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 people required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All the participants were operated on within 24 hours and all of these admissions occurred when the surgery was performed within 24 hour of diagnosis. Based on evidence from only one trial, it appears that early surgery is better than delayed surgery for people who have biliary bowel problems. Further randomised clinical trials are necessary to confirm or refute these findings, especially if the waiting time is shortened.
 We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis to short-term antibiotics for people undergoing orthognathic surgery. Most of these trials had an unclear risk of bias, making it difficult for us to be certain about their results. Overall, the evidence is of moderate quality. There is some uncertainty about the relative effects of short term antibiotics compared with a single dose. No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported this outcome. None of these studies assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another.
 This review found only one small randomised controlled trial, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The review found that there were no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
 We found three randomised controlled trials of paracetamol in adults, lasting up to one week. We found no studies in children. The studies were small, short-term, randomised, and of poor quality. Paracetamols were used as an add-on to strong painkillers, such as morphine, oxycodone, hydrocortisone, or hydromorphone, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily. Other drugs used to treat pain were NSAIDs, antidepressants, tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics. We did not find any convincing evidence to support, refute, or refute the use of paractamol alone or in combination with opioid painkillers for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. There was no convincing evidence that paracetams were better at relieving pain than other pain relievers, or that they were any better or worse than placebo. The quality was very low for all outcomes, because studies were too small, incomplete, small, or of poor methodological quality.
 This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin, oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract) and suo quo wan were more effective than placebo. However, these drugs can cause serious side effects. More research is needed.
 We found six randomised controlled trials, comprising 195 people with MS, comparing inspiratory muscle training versus no active control or sham training. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found no serious side-effects in the included studies, although 18 people dropped out (˜ 10%) because they did not feel good enough about the treatment. The quality was low for all outcomes, mainly because the studies were small and had limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. This review provides low-quality evidence that resistive inspiratory muscles training with a resistive threshold device is moderately effective postintervention for improving predicted maximal inspiratory pressure in people with mild to moderate MS, whereas expiratory muscle strength training showed no significant effects. The sustainability of this effect is unclear, as is the impact of the observed effects on quality of life. It was not possible, for example, for adverse events, as no serious adverse were mentioned.
 This Cochrane systematic review identified only one randomised controlled trial in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised, with only 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This trial found that betamethasone did not reduce the risk of thrombocytopenia or bleeding in babies born with ITP during pregnancy. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal intracranial bleeding were not studied by this trial. There is not enough evidence from randomised clinical trials on other medical treatments for treating ITP in pregnant women.
 We found two completed studies, with 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81, both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated in each of these studies. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. Follow-up length was 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 participants being followed up for at least three months after suture removal. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure in these participants. No postoperative graft failures were reported in either study. We found some evidence that rejection was less likely to occur following DALK. However, there was not enough information from this small study to be sure of these results. We also found no evidence that there was a difference between the two types of surgery with regards to visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. There was some evidence to suggest that graft rejection was more likely in the DALK group. In both studies, one participant had interface neovascularisation and one had wrinkling of Descemet's membrane, the membrane separating corneal stroma from the cornean endothelium. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were reported with similar frequency. For both types, these included postoperative astigmatisms, steroid induced ocular hypertension and persistent epithelial defects. Overall, the quality was rated as very low to moderate, with methodological limitations, incomplete data analysis and imprecision of findings, as well as high risk of bias in several areas for both studies.
 We included 67 randomised controlled trials, recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that iron supplementation reduces anaemia and iron deficiency, raises haemoglobin levels, improves exercise performance, reduces fatigue and improves cognitive performance. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects. Women receiving iron were less likely to be anaemic than women who did not take iron supplements. Women taking iron were also more likely than women not taking iron supplements to have a higher level of iron in their blood. Women who took iron were more likely to have fewer adverse effects, including abdominal pain, loose stools/diarrhoea, hard stools and constipation. There was not enough information about side effects from iron supplementation to determine whether iron supplementation improved cognitive performance in women.
 This review of five randomised controlled trials found that there was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment over irinotecan alone in patients with advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer. However, this result may have been driven by findings from the single first-line treatment setting study. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low to moderate, mainly due to study limitations. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed to be low or moderate quality.
 This review found evidence to suggest that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times were similar although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. Pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests a transversal incision is less painful. The likelihood of wound rupture appears to be reduced and may look better. The analgesia use may be reduced but this does not seem to be significant clinically as pulmonary complication rates and recovery time were the same.
 We found nine randomised controlled trials (981 participants) comparing MBR with usual care. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 to 43.7 years. The average age across studies was 32.8 years. In MBR compared to usual care, people who received MBR had less pain, less disability, fewer sick leave days and fewer sick days at 12-month follow-up. However, MBR did not improve pain, disability, functional disability, or time away from work. The effect sizes were small, making it difficult for us to be sure whether MBR was better or worse than usual care for pain, but it is not clear if MBR is better than people who receive some other type of treatment. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. On average, people with subacute LBP who receive MBR will do better than if they receive usual treatment, but we are not sure whether they do better. The available evidence is mainly low to very low quality. More high-quality studies are needed before we can describe MBP for clinical practice.
 We found 18 studies with 4843 men with bone metastases from prostate cancer who were randomly assigned to receive bisphosphonates or control regimens. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. We found that there was no clear difference in the proportion of men with pain response between the two groups. We did not find a clear difference between the groups in the number of men who experienced pain. There was also no difference in mortality between groups. However, there was some evidence to suggest that there may not have been a clinically relevant difference in pain response in men who received bisphophosphonate treatment compared with those who did not. We also found evidence to show that the use of the drug probably reduced the number in people with bone cancer who experienced skeletal-related events (skeletons in their bones) in men with prostate cancer that had spread to bone. We were not able to extract any quantitative information about quality of life from these studies. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about these results.
 We found five randomised controlled trials, involving 1093 patients, comparing HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in previously untreated patients with FL. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Overall, the quality of the five trials is rated to be moderate. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that there is some evidence that HDT plus ASCT is more effective than chemotherapy in patients with previously untreated FL. However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage. In patients with relapsed FL, there is evidence (one trial, 70 patients) of some benefit in terms of PFS and OS. These effects are confirmed in a subgroup analysis adding rituximab to both treatment arms. No differences were found between the two treatment arms for TRM, secondary acute myeloid leukaemia/myelodysplastic syndromes or solid cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT and ASCT compared with chemotherapy. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed. Moreover, longer follow-up data are necessary.
 We found 15 randomised controlled trials involving 1437 people with schizophrenia. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that WDD may have some positive short-term antipsychotic global effects compared to placebo or no treatment. However, when WDD was compared with other antipsychotics, there was no effect on global or mental state, but WDD caused fewer side effects. When it was combined with an antipsychoid, WDD had some positive effects on global state and mental state and the combination caused fewer adverse effects. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed.
 The evidence is current to February 2016. We found three new studies (228 participants), bringing the total to 12 studies with 799 participants. The review assessed six comparisons. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is any difference between multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires with regard to either alignment or pain. The findings for pain at day 1 suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions. The evidence also suggests there may not have been a meaningful difference in pain at the start of the study. The studies did not report whether there was a difference in rate of alignment between multstrand stainless-steel versus suprelastic NiTi arch wires. There was not enough evidence to determine if there was any difference in alignment between the two materials. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about these results. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies, small sample sizes, small numbers of participants, low quality of evidence, low methodological quality, small number or very small sample size, poor methodological quality of results, low to very low-quality evidence.
 This review includes just one small study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes, but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item scale). For the CMAI, we found no differences between groups. We also found no difference between groups on the Physically Aggressive and Verbally Aggressive scales. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. Four of the five CMAi scales improved in the intervention group. There was no difference in change scores on the Physical Aggressive scale. The quality of this evidence is very low. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation techniques and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research is urgently needed.
 The evidence is current up to 28 September 2016. We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Participants were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or were hospitalised. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. We found evidence that soap and water performed poorly to prevent or treat IAD. We also found evidence in two trials, being of low quality, that soap may be more effective to prevent IAD than water. The other trials, all being low to very low-quality, suggested that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be more successful than not applying one. No trial reported on adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low.
 We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups) with 333 participants. The antivirals used were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclovid. The age ranged from two years to young adults. Follow up varied from 20 days to six months. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. The evidence is up to date to February 2016. The studies were small, with only two studies reporting on the results. The quality was very low for all of these outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There was no difference between antiviral treatment and control groups. There were some small differences between the antiviral groups, but these were small and may not have been clinically meaningful. The overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. In two studies, there was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the treatment group, but with wide confidence intervals (CIs). The quality of the evidence was graded as very low, meaning the results may not be clinically meaningful and may be of limited clinical significance. There is no evidence that antiviral drugs are more effective than placebo or no antiviral agents for reducing the duration of lymphadenopathy, but there is no clear evidence that they are more beneficial than placebo. The results for 'adverse events' were reported narratively in only five studies. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. In conclusion, the evidence is very low. The majority of included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention.
 This review of four trials involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine found that there was no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between the two drugs for targeting hyperglycaemia. However, to achieve the same glycaemic control insulin detamir was often injected twice-daily in a higher dose but with less weight gain, with somewhat fewer injection site reactions. There was not enough information to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or mortality.
 Six trials were included in this review. Six trials assessed SNS for incontinence and two trials assessed constipation. In the parallel group trial carried out by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe incontinentity experienced fewer episodes (5.20 episodes per week) when they received SNS compared with the control group who received optimal medical therapy. In contrast, 15 participants with FI experienced fewer (3.00 episodes per month) episodes (8.4 episodes per year) during the 'off' period. In comparison, 14 participants experienced significantly fewer episodes during the stimulator 'on' or 'off’ periods. Adverse events were reported, including pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling (9%) in the vaginal region. In two trials, SNS did not improve frequency of bowel movements and 73 adverse events were observed, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator, misplacement of tined lead and pain at stimulator site. No adverse events occurred with SNS.
 This review found that molar tubes bonded with either a chemically or light-cured adhesive were considerably more successful than molar bands. However, given there are limited data for this outcome, further evidence is required to draw more robust conclusions.
 We found 66 studies (published between 1988 to 2012), which included 7747 people with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. We found that EUS might be useful in identifying gastric cancers in people who have gastric carcinoma. However, we also found that it is less accurate in identifying tumours that have spread beyond the gastric wall. Moreover, physicians should be warned that the accuracy of EUS cannot be considered optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion, especially in diagnosing superficial tumors and lymph node status (positive versus negative). Overall, we observed large heterogeneity between studies and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be drawn about its use in routine clinical settings. Therefore, all accuracy measures reported in this review should be interpreted cautiously.
 We found six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age in the trials varied between 40 and 47 years. The proportion of women in each of these studies varied between 74 and 84%. The average age in each study was 40 years. We found that there was no difference between the two groups regarding death, serious side-effects, hospital readmissions, time to return to normal activity or earlier return to work. There was not enough information available for us to say whether there was any difference between these two surgical techniques. There were no differences between these surgical techniques regarding pain, quality of life, or hospital readmission rates. We concluded that day surgery appears just as safe as overnight stay surgery in laparoscopic cholecystectomy. However, these findings are based on a small number of trials. More randomised trials are needed.
 We found eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Two studies used a placebo control and six used an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. We found four studies involving 1272 participants. High-concentration topical capsaicin used to treat postherpetic neuralgia, HIV-neuropathy, and painful diabetic neuropathy generated more participants with moderate or substantial pain relief than control treatment. The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did obtain high levels of pain relief, there were usually additional improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5%). Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common (six studies, 21 to 67 events). No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. The quality was moderate or very low.
 We found three randomised controlled trials involving 6343 participants. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that there were no differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. There was some evidence to suggest some benefit from endarterectomy for people with 50 to 69% symptomatic stenosis (moderate-quality evidence), but there was no evidence to show any benefit in people with carotid near-occlusion (high quality evidence).
 This systematic review included 10 studies, with 864 participants, comparing two different surgical techniques for stoma formation. Only one randomized controlled trial met our inclusion criteria. The participants in this study were adults aged 18 years or older, who were undergoing an operation for: rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, or familial adenomatous polyposis. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or mortality, but did measure quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. The results were inconclusive for parastomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The studies were also inconclusive in the subgroup analysis in which we compared ileostomy versus colostomy. The included studies did not report any other complications. The quality of the available evidence was moderate, low, very low, or very low. In conclusion, there is still a lack of high-quality evidence to support the ideal surgical technique.
 We found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found that there were no differences between supportive therapy and standard care for relapse, hospitalisation, mental state, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. For example, when we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse, leaving the study early and quality of life. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation and general mental condition, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapies but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low quality. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
 We found 11 studies, with 949 participants with mostly moderate or severe cancer pain. Most studies were at high risk for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size; none was unequivocally at low-quality evidence. We found very low quality evidence that some people with cancer pain can obtain substantial levels of pain relief within one or two weeks. With NSAIDs, initially moderate- or severe pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain in four studies (415 participants in total), with a range of estimates between 26 and 51% in individual studies. Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of efficacy (24%) or side effects (5%). There is not enough evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
 This review of two studies, involving 287 people with sickle cell disease, found that low-molecular-weight heparins (tinzaparin and dalteparin) were more effective at relieving pain than placebo. However, the quality of the evidence was very low. The most important reasons for downgrading the quality were serious risk of bias and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Therefore, evidence is incomplete.
 We searched for randomised controlled trials comparing either anticoagulants or antiplatelet drugs with control. We did not find any completed randomised trials. There were also no randomised studies that directly compared the two treatments. We found 36 observational studies (involving 1285 patients), which did not show that there was any difference between the two treatment modalities in terms of death, stroke or disability. Symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages (5/627; 0.8%), major extracranial bleeding (7/425; 1.6%) occurred only in the anticaagulation group; however, for both these outcomes, the estimates were imprecise.
 We found 26 randomised controlled trials involving 2066 patients. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-containing dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
 We found 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another antibiotic regimen. All studies were funded or sponsored by pharmaceutical companies. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with a pharmaceutical company. We found that carbapenems were associated with better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. However, we did not find a difference in all-cause mortality, clinical cure, length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) or adverse events between carbapens compared to other tested antibiotic classes. We did not identify patients with increased risk for multidrug-resistant bacteria, but these data may not be generalisable to all patient groups. Due to lack of studies, we could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP, but carbabenems as a class may result in better clinical cures than other antibiotics.
 We found 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. Impact of policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant drugs, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in other health services (6 studies). When policy restrictions were relaxed, patients stopped taking antipsychotic drugs and used other health care services without reducing overall drug use (2 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Relaxing reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access.
 The Cochrane Oral Health Review included 19 randomised controlled trials involving 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. We found that there was insufficient high-quality evidence to recommend any specific method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further studies are required to determine the most effective, efficient method for oral health maintenance and improvement. The design of such trials should be cognisant of these limitations.
 This review found five small randomised controlled trials that compared oral steroids to placebo or no treatment. The evidence is up to date up to September 2014. The trials were small, of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. Oral steroids provided short-term benefits in pain, range of movement and function in adhesive capsulitis but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. There were minimal adverse effects.
 Three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 participants were included in this review. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed information on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was our primary outcome. One of the three trials provided data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between the two groups at 12 months follow up. Additionally, none of these trials reported any adverse events associated with the use. There is currently insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to draw any conclusions about the efficacy, safety, or side effects associated with rTMT. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact on people with ALS. However, the small sample size, the methodological limitations and incomplete outcome data, cannot be judged completely safe.
 We found 10 randomised controlled trials involving 1049 participants. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave better disease control at one month, but there was no difference in disease control after six months. In another trial, clobetasol showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisolone in people with extensive BP. There were no differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids with a milder regimen. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe in moderate BP. The effectiveness of adding plasma exchange, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil to corticosteroids, and combination treatment with tetracycline and nicotinamide needs further investigation.
 This systematic review found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, these findings should be interpreted with caution due to poor quality trials, small numbers of participants, small sample sizes, and lack of confirming data. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
 We found 22 randomised controlled trials that included 12,400 women with infrequent intercourse. The studies were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs used were levonorgestrel, LNG, other hormonal drugs, and hormones other than LNG. Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. Pericoital LNG was reasonably efficacious and safe. Most women liked the pericoital method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not studied extensively. Rigorous research is still needed.
 This review included 15 studies with 561 patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. The evidence is current to February 2016. The review found moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is more effective with surgical anchorage than conventional anchorage and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. There was not enough information on patient-reported outcomes such as pain, acceptability, or side effects to be able to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness or safety of these techniques.
 We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies compared two different statin regimens in people with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. Statins consistently lower death, major cardiovascular events, and MI in people who did not have CVD at baseline (primary prevention). Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood.
 This systematic review identified nine randomised controlled trials with 379 participants. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) or osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in five of these studies. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were parallel designed RCTs. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. Pain was a secondary outcome in five studies. The studies evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB), botulinum toxin A, bisphosphonates, pamidronate, alendronate (a drug commonly used for pain relief in children and young people with cystic fibrosis) for pain management. In these studies most of the side effects were related to the procedure or device used for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent side effects in those who received alendromate. In one trial there were also eight serious side effects, which included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. The trial did not state if these occurred in the intervention group. The trials did not show that there was a difference in pain between the treatment arms among CP and OI participants. The adverse events in the BoNT-A trials mostly involved those with CP who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. No adverse events were reported in this trial. Only one study involved over 100 participants. In this study there was not enough information to determine if there was any difference between treatment arms in pain. Based on current data this systematic review is not able to determine whether there are any drugs commonly used as pain relievers in children who have cystoscopy with LLCs.
 We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1697 people with AD. The evidence is current to February 2016. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were found. We found that there was low quality evidence that latrepirdine had no effect on cognition in AD. However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) in AD patients. There was also moderate quality evidence on adverse events, including serious side effects, dropouts due to adverse events and dropout due to side effects. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit on neuropsychiatric symptoms of AD.
 We found seven randomised controlled trials, involving 735 participants, that investigated the effects on ischaemic stroke and cerebral small vessel disease. We found low to very low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in people with intracerebral artery stenosis and stroke severity in people undergoing carotid stenting. In people with symptomatic ischaemia stroke, recurrent stroke was significantly reduced by RIC. However, there was no significant difference in stroke severity (assessed by infarct volume) in people treated with RIC compared with people who did not receive the treatment. There was also no difference between people receiving intravenous thrombolysis and people not receiving RIC for reducing stroke severity as assessed by the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score. Adverse events were more common in people who received RIC, but no severe adverse events were reported. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during these studies. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about our findings.
 We included six randomised controlled trials, involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that protein supplementation of human milk, fed to preterm babies, increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. However, there was not enough evidence about the effects of protein supplementation on length, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. We did not find any clear evidence about whether protein supplementation increased the risk of feeding intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings.
 This review includes 45 studies. Almost all the included studies compared PEM to no intervention. The results suggest that when used alone, PEMs may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect on patient outcomes, and clinical significance is not known. We could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness.
 This systematic review of 23 randomised controlled trials found that behavioural interventions aimed at promoting sexual behaviour in young women can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. There were no statistically significant effects of abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. Behavioural interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of STI transmission can also be effective.
 This review included twenty studies involving 2337 participants. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared cognitive behavior therapy. The review found that brief psychoeducational approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
 We found 11 studies with 9839 participants. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk to bias, with possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. One pharmaceutical sponsored study that included only people with recent exacerbation was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. We found low or moderate quality evidence that LAMA+LABA has fewer exacerbations, a larger improvement of FEV1, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 units or more. These data were supported by low-quality evidence generated from mainly participants with COPD in heterogeneous trials with an observation period less than one year. Our findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance.
 We found three randomised controlled trials with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA and Spain. The studies were of low or very low quality. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. All children were discharged, but information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments was not reported. In one study, 15 children with mild to moderate croup were compared with 30% humidified oxygen administered for 20 minutes. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) for 60 minutes or no treatment. In the third study, 29 children received intramuscular dexamithasone and either heliox with one to two doses of nebulised saline, or 100% oxygen and adrenaline for three hours. We could not pool the available data because each comparison included data from only one study. We found no new trials for this update. The evidence is current to February 2016. The quality was low to very low, mainly because the studies were small, small numbers of children, small study sizes, small sample sizes, poor reporting, small number of studies, poor quality of evidence, poor methodological quality, and poor reporting.
 This review of eight studies found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of many red flags to specifically screen for vertebral fracture in patients with LBP. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. However, when combinations of red flags were used, the results appeared to improve. It should also be noted that many of these red flags have high false positive rates and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost and outcomes. Further research is needed.
 Two randomised controlled trials were identified. One trial compared surgical urethral dilatation with optical urethrotomy in 210 adult men. There were insufficient data to determine which intervention is best in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs. The second trial compared the outcomes in 50 men with traumatic stricture of the posterior urethra following pelvic fracture injury. In the first six months after surgery, men were more likely to require further surgery than men treated by optical urethroplasty. After two years, 16 men initially treated by urerotomy required further surgery or further surgery for stricture recurrence compared with 6 of 25 men treated with primary surgery.
 This systematic review of trials found that intermittent inhaled inhaled corticosteroids were no better or worse than daily inhaled ICS in improving lung function, airway inflammation, asthma control and reliever use in children and adults with persistent asthma. However, there was low quality evidence to suggest that intermittent ICS was better than daily ICS at improving lung growth and lung function. In children with persistent, or suspected, asthma and preschool children suspected of persistent asthma, there were no differences between the two treatments. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily, inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term (> one year) impact on lung growth.
 We found 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six studies evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of low iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people), two studies of increased fruit and vegetable intake, and two studies with a Mediterranean diet. Participants were followed up for 12 months. In absolute terms, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. In very-low quality evidence, dietary intervention had uncertain effects on all-cause mortality, cardiovascular events or ESKDs. Dietary interventions may increase health-related quality of life, eGFR, serum albumin, blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Adverse events were generally not reported. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research and preliminary evidence of beneficial effects on risks factors for clinical outcomes, large-scale pragmatic randomised controlled trials are required.
 This review found only one small randomised controlled trial (156 children aged between seven and 24 months with bronchiolitis). The results showed that nebulised salbutamol was an effective treatment for young children up to three years old. However, there was not enough evidence to conclude that mist therapy is ineffective in children. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy.
 We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. We found no studies assessing role of statins in the treatment of VaD. All studies provided information on the primary outcome measures of ADAS-Cog, Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) or MMSE. There was no significant benefit from statin compared with placebo. There were no differences in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living in the statin and placebo groups. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
 Four studies involving 149 participants were included in this review. Two studies assessed night splinting in 26 children with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing night splints compared with not wearing them. One study evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months, but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. There is no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range of motion. Further research is required.
 This review of 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) found that women in labour who were upright were less likely to have a caesarean section than women who were in recumbent positions. There were also fewer women who had an epidural. Babies of mothers in the upright position were more likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, but this was based on one small trial. There was no difference between groups for other important outcomes including duration of labour, or other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. Based on these findings, we recommend that women should be informed of the benefits of upright positions and encouraged to assume whatever positions they choose.
 We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required for inclusion in the review. We identified one study comparing natural progression with an active intervention. The other two studies were small and had a high risk of bias. The first study involved 55 people with the 'disputed type' and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty (SNBP) of the brachial plexus. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second study involved 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. There was very low quality evidence to suggest that BTX injections yielded no great improvements over placebo injections, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow up. This review was complicated by a lack of generally accepted diagnostic criteria for the diagnosis of TOS.
 This review included 21 randomised controlled trials involving 884 people. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference (WMD) -1.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.55, 95.1 to -0%. However, there was not enough evidence to determine how long the benefit lasted. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In another trial involving 21 people carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved pain and function after three weeks compared to no treatment. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments.
 We found two randomised controlled trials that enrolled 708 participants with CRVO-ME. The evidence is current to February 2016. Both studies were funded by pharmaceutical companies. SCORE compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections with observation, while GENEVA compared dexamethasone implant injections with sham injections. We found insufficient evidence to determine whether IVS is effective in improving visual acuity in people who have CRVO. Adverse events were observed more often with IVS treatment compared with observation/no treatment. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. The quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
 This systematic review of six randomised controlled trials involving 394 children found that intranasal corticosteroids may significantly improve nasal obstruction symptoms in children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy, and this improvement may be associated with a reduction in adenoid size.
 We found only one small randomised controlled trial (involving 24 women). This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of these drugs, as well as all the other four drugs. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of pregnancy, or death more than 42 days of pregnancy); development of eclampsia, stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome, disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema, preterm birth (defined as the birth before 37 completed weeks' gestation). For the baby, the outcomes were: death, stillbirths, perinatal deaths, death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths (death within the first 28 days after birth, deaths after 28 days of life, deaths in the first week after birth), preterm births, and side effects of the intervention. The evidence is current to September 2016. Currently, there is not enough evidence from randomised trials to evaluate the effectiveness, safety or cost of epidural therapy for treating severe pre-eclampsics in women who are not labouring. There is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion on whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidural treatment results in better outcomes. Another important question that needs to be answered is how long should extended epidural be used to ensure any potential clinical benefits and what could be the associated side effects and costs. Interactions with other modalities of treatment, women's satisfaction with treatment and women’s satisfaction could represent other avenues of research.
 We found 16 randomised controlled trials that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no intervention in people with alcoholic liver disease. The evidence is current to February 2016. Fifteen of the 16 trials provided data for analysis (927 participants received gluccortiosteroids and 934 participants did not receive any treatment). The participants were between 25 to 70 years old, had different stages of liver disease, and 65% were men. Glucocortinoids were administered orally or parenterally for a median 28 days. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment they were discharged from the hospital, until they died, or for at least one year. There was no evidence to suggest any difference between the two groups on all-cause mortality, serious side effects during treatment, or quality of life up to three months after treatment. We are very uncertain about whether or not there is any difference in the number of people with any serious side-effects during or after the treatment. The certainty was very low, which means that we cannot be certain about whether there is a difference. Due to poor reporting, we cannot exclude an increase in side effects. We cannot rule out that there is no difference between people who are given glucocorts or people who do not receive them. Therefore, we need more high-quality randomised clinical trials, where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups.
 We found four randomised controlled trials involving 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. We found that there was no clear evidence of improvement immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months. However, there was some evidence to suggest that a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition, that are related to driving. There was not enough evidence to draw conclusions about the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. Adverse effects were not reported. At present, it is unclear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation, and whether the contextual or remedial approaches, or a combination of both, are more efficacious. Moreover, we were not able to find any studies that evaluated on-road driving lessons as an intervention.
 This systematic review included eight studies with 582 participants. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants. The average age was 65 to 73 years, most participants were male and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. The studies did not include people who had mild or moderate COPD. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer duration. In four studies we did not find that there was a difference between short and longer-duration systemic corticosteroids. In five studies no difference was found between short or longer courses. In one large study that was powered to detect non-inferiority and compared five days versus 14 days, there was not enough evidence to show that shorter courses (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer (10 to 14 days) courses. We graded most available evidence as moderate quality because it was imprecise; further research may have an important impact on our estimates of effect or may change our estimates.
 We found only one randomised controlled trial (13 participants). The evidence is current to February 2016. The study was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. There was not enough evidence to determine whether there was any difference in the number of people who died from any cause, serious infections, or serious bleeding. There were no anaemia-related complications (cardiac failure or iron overload). The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions, iron overload, quality of life, frequency of hospital admissions, serious infection (requiring admission to hospital), serious bleeding (e.g. serious bleeding) or serious infections. This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required.
 This systematic review found only two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated educational games as a teaching strategy for health care professionals. The studies did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The first study evaluated a board game called "Family Feud", which was based on the television game show Family Feud and focused on infection control. The group that was randomized to the game had statistically higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02) than the control group. The second study compared a game called Snakes and Ladders with traditional case-based learning of stroke prevention and management. The effect on knowledge was not statistically different between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the group that played the game. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games as teaching strategy. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
 This review of eight randomised controlled trials involving 475 people with unipolar affective disorder found insufficient evidence that lithium or antidepressants prevent relapse in people with this condition.
 This review of two randomised controlled clinical trials found that amifostine has not been shown to have any beneficial effects on salivary glands in high-dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Moreover, no health-related quality of life and other patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated in these trials.
 We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared a parent-mediated plus clinician (TAU) intervention versus a clinician-mediated intervention alone. The third study compared TAU plus TAU versus TAU alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic, clinic, or home sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The other two studies provided one 2 to 3-hour group session, followed by weekly, weekly, or weekly clinic, home, or clinic sessions for 12 weeks. All three studies noted differences in how the parents talked to their children and how they interacted with their children postintervention, with one study finding that most strategies were maintained up to 12 months after intervention. No study measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. The studies did not find any differences in language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the intervention group. One of the studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts after intervention, but this was not maintained 12 months later. The second study found gains on total language measures immediately after the intervention, although these were not maintained after 12 months. No studies found any differences on parental stress scores between groups up to one year after the treatment. We found only three small studies of very low quality. The sample sizes were very small, meaning that they are unlikely to be representative of the target population. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, which means that further studies are very likely to have an important impact on our estimates. This review highlights the need for well-designed studies, including randomised controlled trials, to evaluate the effects on language development. Trials should use valid, reliable and similar measures of language development, and they should be of good quality.
 We found two randomised controlled trials with 148 participants who had had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was not enough evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared with no exercise on mortality, serious adverse events or return to work. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), exercise may increase exercise capacity. Due to a lack of evidence, we cannot evaluate the impact on other outcomes. The quality of the evidence was very low for mortality and serious side-effects. We found moderate quality evidence that exercise may improve exercise capacity for adults who have had a heart valve operation. However, we did not find enough evidence to assess the impact of exercise on other patient-relevant outcomes, including mortality and quality of life. Further high-quality randomised clinical trials are needed.
 This review included five randomised controlled trials involving 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as part of an intervention team. All five studies were undertaken in the same country, so it is unclear if all participants received support from the chaplain. The studies found no overall difference between those receiving meditation or usual care. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality of life. There was not enough evidence that interventions with spiritual or religious components for adults with terminal illness may or may not enhance well-being. Such interventions are under-evaluated.
 We found six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups). We found that there was very low quality evidence that tDCS had no effect of tDCS on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). However, there was some evidence of an effect on UPDRS part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase. We found two studies with 45 participants that compared tDCS plus movement therapy (sham tDCS) versus sham tDCS with movement therapy alone. There was not enough evidence to determine whether tDCS reduced off-time, when symptoms are not controlled by medication, or on-time with dyskinesia (time that symptoms are controlled but symptoms are still not). There was also insufficient evidence that dropouts, side effects, or deaths were higher with tDCS compared with sham tDCs. We did not find any evidence that there were differences in dropouts or side effects between tDCS and sham tCDs. The quality of the evidence was very, very, or very low.
 We searched the medical literature for studies that compared LASB to placebo, sham, or no treatment. We found 12 studies, which included 461 participants. The evidence is current up-to July 2016. We included four studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. Overall, the quality was low to very low, meaning that it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that LASBs are effective for reducing pain in CRPS. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. The main conclusions of this review are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetic sympathetic blockade.
 Fourteen trials, including 2488 participants, were included in this review. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We found that antivirals plus corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with Bell's palsy compared with corticosterone alone, but the results were very imprecise. There was no clear benefit for people with severe Bell’s palsy. The combination was probably more effective than antiviral alone, although there was not enough evidence to say if it was better or worse than placebo or no treatment. Antivirals alone were probably better than placebo, but there was no evidence to show whether they were better than no treatment, or if they were worse or better than a placebo. In people who had a severe case, there was some evidence to suggest that the combination was better at improving recovery rates, but we could not be certain about this because there were too few studies. The evidence is current to September 2016. We included four new studies at this update.
 We found two studies, including 97 women, comparing two different LHRH agonists (leuprorelin, treosulfan, decapeptyl) with each other or placebo. The studies were of very low or very low quality. There may have been little or no difference in overall survival, progression-free survival, or progression free survival (PFS) between the two groups. The duration was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Side effects were probably more common in women treated with leuprosulfan than those treated in the placebo group. Adverse events were incompletely reported (no side effects were reported for the decapeptic group, but not reported for placebo group). Based on this review of two small studies, there is not enough evidence to comment on the safety of these drugs. Overall, the quality of the evidence is very low.
 We found 17 eligible randomised controlled studies that compared nitric oxide (iNO) with placebo, standard care (placebo or standard care without iNO) or no treatment in infants with hypoxic respiratory failure who do not have a diaphragmatic hernia. Ten trials compared iNO versus no treatment (placebos or no oxygen) in infants (Ninos 1996, Roberts 1996, Wessel 1996, Davidson 1997, Davidson 1998, Ninos 1997, Mercier 1998, Christou 2000, Clark 2000, INNOVO 2007, Liu 2008, Konduri 2004, Gonzalez 2010, Kinsella 1997, Sadiq 1998, Cornfield 1999, Kunduri 2004 and Gonzalez 2010). The evidence is current to February 2013. Inhaled nitric oxygen appears to have improved outcomes in hypoxaemic term and near-term infants by reducing death or the need for ECMO (high-quality evidence). This reduction was due, in part, to fewer babies needing to be treated with ECMO. Infants who received iNO did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Fewer babies who were given iNO early satisfied late treatment criteria, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease mortality nor the need to treat. Outcomes were slightly, but not significantly, worse with iNO. Infant development scores were all similar between tested survivors and those who did not. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension (PPHN) did not appear to affect response to iNO treatment. In this review, we found that iNO is effective at an initial concentration of 20 ppm.
 This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there was moderate evidence that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if they are more effective for treating low back pain. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance.
 The evidence is current to February 2016. We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters in this review. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Overall, catheter impregnation significantly reduced catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI). However, it did not appear to reduce clinically diagnosed sepsis, death from any cause, all-cause mortality or catheter infections. In addition, there was no significant difference between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. However, there were differences between studies that enrolled different types of participants. The overall quality was moderate, which means that we are very uncertain about our findings. Further studies are needed.
 This systematic review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials. The studies took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, Peru, Bangladesh, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. There were no dietary intervention studies. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), nutritional education for pregnant women, nutrition education in children (eight studies), and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies) intervention. Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. The evidence is current to February 2016. The certainty of the evidence was very low to moderate, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results. Overall, there was not enough information to draw firm conclusions about whether nutritional interventions could reduce stunting in urban slums. More research is needed.
 This review included 12 randomised controlled trials, involving 1023 participants, that compared foam dressings with other wound dressing treatments. There was no difference in healing outcomes between hydrocellular foam and polyurethane foam. Pooled data across five trials (418 participants) showed no difference between foam and hydrocolloid dressings in the proportion of ulcers healed at 12 to 16 weeks. No difference was found when foam was compared with: paraffin gauze, hydrocapillary dressing, knitted viscose dressing, or protease modulating matrix. No differences were found in the number of participants experiencing adverse events. The evidence base does not suggest that foam is more effective than other wound dressings for treating venous leg ulcers. Further evidence is required from well-designed, rigorously-conducted trials, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly, before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy. The current evidence is of low quality.
 Two randomised controlled studies were included in this review. One study compared etoricoxib to placebo in IBD patients with active ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. The other study compared celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) with placebo in patients with quiescent or active ulcers. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled. There was not enough information from these two studies for us to draw any conclusions regarding the tolerability or safety of these drugs. However, both studies had relatively small sample sizes and short follow-up durations. The results for disease exacerbation and side effects were uncertain. The overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events). There was no significant difference in exacerbation of IBD between celecoxi and placebo. The proportion of patients who experienced side effects was similar in celecoxid and placebo groups. No patients in either group died or experienced serious side effects. Side effects included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. Eleven patients experienced GI (gastrointestinal) side effects in both groups. GI side effects led to premature withdrawal from both studies. No serious adverse events were reported. No adverse effects were reported with rofecoxi, valdecoxib, or lumiracoxib. No side effects with celecoxiber were reported in either study. The evidence is up to date as September 2016.
 We found 22 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups). The evidence is current to February 2016. The studies included people who had an infected and uninfected ulcer and had not been treated with antibiotics. The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). Six studies included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected. The remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. These studies used various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides, super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, chloramine), growth factor, and chloramine. The evidence was generally of low or very low certainty, meaning that we are uncertain about the relative effects on wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, side effects, or adverse events. The quality was generally very low to very low, meaning we are very uncertain about our results. We found that there is probably little difference in side effects between people treated with an antimicrobial dressing compared with people treated only with antibiotics, but we are not sure if there is any difference between people who are treated only or only with an antibiotic dressing. We are also uncertain about whether there is a difference in adverse events between the people treated and those not treated.
 We included six studies that involved 5193 children. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% in children. However, zinc supplementation had no effect on lower specificity pneumonia case definition (i.e. age-specific fast breathing with or without lower chest indrawing) or confirmation by chest examination or chest radiograph. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update.
 This review found 10 studies including 33,179 participants. Vitamin A did not prevent LRTI in children with poor nutritional status or weight, but increased LRTIs in healthy children. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose of vitamin A. Despite its benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses, vitamin A supplementation has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTi. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding.
 This systematic review of 20 randomised controlled trials found that theophylline improves lung function in people with moderate to severe COPD. These benefits were seen in participants receiving a variety of different concomitant therapies. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to have been well tolerated. This may limit the generalisability of these studies.
 This review included 10 randomised controlled trials involving 439 children, aged from one to 18 years, who received oral immunotherapy or sublingual immunotherapy for egg allergy. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide oral immunotherapies. Each study used a different method to provide immunotherapy. Most children (82%) were able to eat a small amount of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) without experiencing any adverse effects, compared with 10% who did not receive treatment. Fewer than half of children (45%) of children receiving immunotherapy were able, at the end of treatment, to eat more than half a full serving of egg, compared to 10% of children not receiving treatment. Most of the children who received immunotherapy experienced adverse events, mainly allergy-related. Mild to severe adverse events were frequent, with 75% experiencing mild to severe side effects during immunotherapy treatment compared with 6.8% in the control group. Of note, seven studies used an egg avoidance diet as the control. We found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up immunotherapy because they had adverse events. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the trials. Eight studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain.
 We found four trials involving 579 people with recurrent unexplained syncope. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. The trials were conducted between 1990 to 2015. The studies were small, with only two studies reporting data on death. We found that there was not enough evidence from these studies for us to be able to draw any conclusions about whether an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces death. However, there was some evidence from two studies to suggest that people who received ILR had fewer syncope relapses after diagnosis than people who did not receive an implant. There was also some evidence to suggest a lower cost per diagnosis in people who had an implant, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences between studies in how they were conducted and how the way they were reported. The quality of the evidence was very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about our findings.
 We found four small studies involving 275 patients with 282 hydrocoeles. These studies were randomised to either sclerotherapy (155 patients with 159 hydroceles) or surgery (120 patients with 123 hydrocele). All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. There was not enough information available for us to draw any conclusions about which treatment was better. We found that there was no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups. The cure rate was similar between the groups, however there is significant uncertainty about this result due to differences between studies. The number of infections was increased in the surgery group, however this increase was not statistically significant. The frequency of pain was higher than the pain experienced by those who received surgery. Postoperative complications as well as cost to work resumption were less after surgery, however the recurrence rate was higher. Radiological cure was not reported in the included studies. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was not significant difference between these groups. We could not pool these results because there were different measurement tools used in these studies, so we could not combine the results. There is a great need for further methodologically rigorous randomised controlled trials that assess the effectiveness of different types of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration, injection volume and injection volume. It is important that these studies have sufficiently large sample size and long follow-up period. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated instruments. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trials registries. The reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness studies should also be undertaken.
 We found only one randomised controlled trial that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We found that there was not enough evidence from this trial for us to be able to draw any conclusions about whether the use of rhDNase worsens recovery. However, it is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with tracheomalacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these studies should include measurements of the trachea in addition to clinical outcomes.
 We found 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies compared psychological therapy with usual care or a waiting list. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. The average duration was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. Most studies included people who were willing to receive psychological treatment. The studies compared some form of psychological therapy (cognitive behavioural therapy, behaviour therapy, psychodynamic therapy, or integrative therapy) to usual care, or to enhanced or structured care. We also included studies that compared psychological therapies with other psychological treatments. We included studies in which people were randomly put into one treatment group or another. The duration of treatment ranged from one day to nine months. In most studies, people were followed up for at least one year. The results showed that people who received psychological therapy had less severe symptoms than people who did not receive it. However, this effect was small to medium in size. People who received the treatment were less likely than people not receiving it to drop out of the studies. People receiving psychological therapy were also less likely to have serious side effects than those not receiving the treatment. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of people who are not willing to accept psychological treatments for MUPS. The overall quality was low or very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about these results.
 We included 63 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups) comparing regional anaesthesia with no regional anaesthetic. In total, we included 63 studies, enrolling 3027 participants. The evidence is current up to September 2016. We found moderate-quality evidence that there is moderate to low quality evidence that regional anaesthetics may reduce PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. There is moderate evidence that intravenous infusion of local anaesthetic may reduce the risk of PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery. We did not find any evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, mainly because there were too few studies, too few participants, too small sample sizes, too little information, too many studies, not enough participants and not enough data.
 This Cochrane review included 28 randomised controlled trials involving 1742 people with BPD. The drugs tested were first-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene), second generation antipsychotic (aripirazole, olanzapine, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), dietary supplementation (omega-3 fatty acid) were tested. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition. Data were sparse for individual comparisons, indicating marginal effects of the drugs. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram parameters with olanazapine. No promising results are available for core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance, and abandonment. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. However, these are mostly based on single study effect estimates.
 We found seven randomised controlled trials that compared different washout policies. We included seven trials involving 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. The evidence is current to February 2016. The trials compared washout with no washout. We are not sure if washout was better or worse than washout without washout because the results were imprecise. Four trials compared different types of washout solution (saline, acidic, strong, weak, stronger, stronger) with washout (no washout). We are uncertain if washouts were better, worse, or better than washouts without washouts because we are uncertain whether washouts had an important effect on urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ. Four studies reported on possible harmful effects of washouts, such as blood in the washout solutions, changes in blood pressure and bladder spasms. There were very few small trials that met our review inclusion criteria. The included studies were generally poorly reported. The quality was low or very low because the studies were small, of poor methodological quality or were poorly conducted. The studies were too small for us to be sure that washouts are better than no washouts. Further rigorous, high quality trials that are adequately powered to detect benefits from washout versus washout are needed.
 We found 30 studies (18,682 participants). Eighteen studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported severe fatigue in children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors). In comparison, 12 studies (13,952 survivors) included children aged 16 years or over. Eight studies reported that severe fatigue was more common among children aged 18 years or older. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. We could not combine the results because we could not pool results, so we present them descriptively. Eighteen of these studies reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 6.7% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged 12 years and over, prevalence rates ranged from 4.4% and 61.5%, respectively. Four studies provided prevalence rates for severe fatigue. In these four studies, survivors were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was not statistically significant in only two studies. One study provided information about fatigue over time, which found that over the course of 2.7 years, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) reported persistent fatigue. We were not able to determine how many childhood cancer survivors suffer from severe fatigue after treatment. The evidence in this review is therefore weak, and the exact prevalence after treatment for childhood cancer remains to be determined. This is also the case for the course after treatment following treatment, the relationship between fatigue and associated risk factors, as well defined as depression, age at diagnosis, education level, and age at cancer diagnosis and education level.
 This review included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic alone) there was a significant reduction in RTIs, but not in total mortality. Treatment based on the use of topical prophylaxis alone reduces respiratory infections but not mortality. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored in one trial which did not show any such effect.
 This review of five studies found that there is insufficient evidence supporting the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care.
 Four randomised controlled trials involving 416 women were included in this review. The trials compared glucocorticoid supplementation during IVF stimulation versus placebo. The evidence is current up to April 2016. The studies were small, with only 212 women included. The results show that there was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference in live birth rate between the groups. There was also insufficient evidence of any difference between groups in clinical pregnancy rate, miscarriage rate, multiple pregnancy rate or miscarriage rate. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. More research is needed. The safety and effectiveness in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles is unclear due to the small number and low event rates.
 We found eight randomised controlled trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) comparing rhGH with no treatment in CF. The trials lasted from one to six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some lung function, but there was no difference between standard-dose rhGH (0.3 mg/kg/week) versus no treatment. We also found evidence of improvement in height, weight, lean body mass and exercise capacity with rhGH, but this was not consistent across the trials. There is some evidence from three trials in improvements in exercise capacity (low-quality evidence). None of the trials have systematically compared the cost of rhGH therapy on overall healthcare costs. No significant changes were observed in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects. The evidence is up to date to May 2016.
 This review included 26 studies with a total of 1,695 people. The studies compared removal from exposure to continued exposure, reduction from exposure, or reduction of exposure. In 18 studies, people who were removed from exposure were more likely than those who were not, to report that they did not have asthma symptoms. In seven studies, we found that people were less likely to have symptoms if they were not removed from their jobs. In 10 studies, there was no significant difference between people who had been removed from work and those who had not. In two studies, the number of people who lost their jobs after removal from work may have increased. In four studies, workers may have lost their job if they had not been removed. We found that removing people from their work may improve their asthma symptoms, but not their lung function. However, removing people may also increase their chances that they will lose their job. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. More studies are needed to evaluate workplace interventions for occupational asthma.
 This review included six randomised controlled trials involving 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. Participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. The evidence is current to February 2016. There was low quality evidence from five trials that on-demand PPI may increase symptom control compared with continuous PPI use (risk ratio (RR) 1.71, 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.31 to 2.21), thereby favoring continuous use of PPI (five trials, 1653 participants). There was also low-quality evidence from four trials, with 1152 participants, that deprescribed PPI was associated with reduced participant satisfaction compared to continuous use. In people with mild GERD, there may be an increase in GI symptoms (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation), although there was a decline in participant satisfaction, although heterogeneity was high. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects.
 We found 13 randomised controlled trials (975 participants). These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or a discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse were lower for social skills compared to standard care (relapse, rehospitalisation and mental state results were better in the group receiving social skill programmes. Global state was measured by numbers not experiencing clinical improvement, results favoured social skills. Quality of life was also improved. However, when social skills were compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Whether social skills can improve social functioning in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised trial.
 This review found only one small randomised controlled trial (225 participants, 145 with tophi at baseline) randomised to pegloticase infusion every two weeks (biweekly or monthly) or placebo. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 people, 145 people with gout at baseline). This study showed that peglosis is probably beneficial in the management of tophi in gout, but with a high risk of adverse infusion reactions. However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgical removal of the tophi.
 This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin (IgG, IgA, IgG/IgA) for the prevention of NEC. There are no randomized controlled trials of IgA alone. Based on the available trials, the evidence does not support the administration of oral IgG or IgG in combination to prevent NEC.
 This review of five randomised controlled trials found that postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the risk of developing a metastasis, could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy.
 We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen of these studies were conducted by people who had experienced these types of programmes, while the others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. We found that clients' experiences of these programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing these messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality (high confidence). Clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language, tailoring messages, and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages (moderate confidence) Clients also had preferences about message content, including reminders, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues (high quality evidence), as well as preferences about how messages were delivered (high-quality evidence), and how they were delivered. The evidence is current to February 2016.
 This systematic review included 23 trials involving 2467 people. The review found that methadone was no better or worse than any other pharmacological treatment at reducing withdrawal from heroin use. However, it was better than placebo, adrenergic agonist, other opioid agonists, anxiolytic and paiduyangsheng (a Chinese painkiller) for reducing withdrawal symptoms and adverse events, although it was impossible to pool data for the last two outcomes. The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. The studies included in this review confirm that slow tapering with temporary substitution of opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity. Nevertheless, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin.
 This review found nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 participants. Antagonist-induced withdrawal is more intense but less prolonged than withdrawal managed with reducing doses of methadone, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established significantly more quickly with antagonist withdrawal than withdrawal with clonidine and symptomatic medications. The level of sedation does not affect withdrawal severity, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. Given that the adverse events are potentially life-threatening, the value of antagonist withdrawal under heavy sedation or anaesthesia is not supported.
 This review included 14 studies that compared molindone with other typical antipsychotic drugs and found that it was no more or less effective than other antipsychotics. However, it did cause more weight loss than other typical drugs. There was no evidence to suggest that it had an atypical side effect profile. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
 This review included 20 studies with 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent (hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), and combination therapies including hydroquinone cream and glycolic acid peels, as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate.
 This review included 12 randomised controlled trials, which randomised 1319 participants. All studies were a minimum of one year long. Not all studies reported population characteristics, of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. The majority of participants were white, and about half were male. The evidence is current up-to-date to September 2016. Postoperative injections of 5-FU are now rarely used as part of routine packages of postoperative care, but are increasingly used on an ad hoc basis. A small but statistically significant reduction in surgical failure was found in patients undergoing trabeculectomy and those undergoing surgery for the first time receiving postoperative injections. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in the high risk of failure population receiving regular-dose postoperative injection. No difference was found for the combined surgery population receiving low-dose injections. No serious complications were found in studies assessing combined surgery. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery was found to be very low using GRADE.
 This systematic review found that inhaled corticosteroids did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients, although one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. Longer-term use of ICS (more than six months) did not improve lung function or quality of life in patients with COPD. There was not enough evidence to say whether ICS was better than placebo for reducing the number of exacerbations, but there was evidence that it was less likely than placebo in reducing the rate at which patients had an exacerbation. The risk of pneumonia was increased in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event (oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness). The long-term studies that measured bone effects generally showed no major effect on fractures and bone mineral density over three years.
 We found 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo. However, they were also associated with more adverse effects (overall side effects, gastrointestinal side effects and neurological side effects). NSAIDs appeared to be more effective in relieving pain in women with primary dysmenorrhoea than placebo, but there was not enough evidence that they were better or worse than other NSAIDs. There was also insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective. NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment, though women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk of side effects. Most of the studies were commercially funded.
 We found seven studies (2565 participants). In five studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low levels of PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but the tidal volume was different in the remaining two studies (148 participants). We found that there was not enough information from these studies for us to be able to pool the results. In the main analysis, we assessed mortality occurring before hospital discharge only in those studies that compared high versus low PEEP. The three studies that were included in this review did not show any difference between the two groups, nor was there any difference seen with regard to the risk of barotrauma. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days did not differ between the groups. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU), although it must be noted that in two studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity.
 This review included 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. Fifteen studies were excluded from the original review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data). Overall, there was a significant increase of kidney failure in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies (19 studies, 9857 patients). The number with author-defined kidney failure was also significantly increased (15 studies, 1361 patients) in people treated with HES compared to people treated without HES. There was also an increased risk for kidney failure based on RIFLE-F (failure) criteria in people who received HES, but there was no difference between subgroups. The risk of kidney injury was also increased in people receiving HES in comparison to people who did not receive HES (20 studies, 8769 patients). However, when this was excluded as per study protocol, the direction of AKI risk again favoured the other fluid type, urine output based outcomes. There were no differences in kidney injury or kidney failure between people treated or not in sepsis versus non-sepsis patients, high molecular weight versus low molecular weight (MW) HES solutions, or high versus low dose treatments (i.e. ≥ 2 L versus < 2 L). In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of HES products. Overall, methodological quality of studies was good.
 This review identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). Compared to no treatment, Rheunale had a positive effect on SCr (87.49 µmol/L, 95% CI -139.25 to -35.72), BUN (10.61 mmol/L), or patients' capacity to undertake work (BUN, CrCl, or patients’ capacity to do work). No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rheu officinales. Currently available evidence concerning the efficacy of Rheaum officinare to improve SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD is both scant and low quality. There is no current evidence to support any recommendation for its use.
 We found 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals with dementia. The IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for testing out those without evidence of cognitive decline. The language of administration did not affect test accuracy, which supports cross-cultural use of the tool. These findings are qualified by the significant heterogeneity, the potential for bias and suboptimal reporting found in the included studies.
 We found three randomised controlled trials involving 91 participants. All studies investigated various types of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT), task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. There was 'low quality' evidence for mCIMt improving upper limb motor function in people with residual voluntary upper limb activity, up to six months, and'very low-quality' evidence that dynamic elbow splintings reduced elbow range. Task practice therapy did not improve upper limb function more than manual therapy alone, only at 12 weeks. No studies addressed interventions in children, or after other focal intramuscular treatments for spasticities. The optimal types, therapy approaches, settings, and intensities of therapy for improving activity in people and children who have had stroke are unclear. Further research is needed.
 Four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, were included in this review. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. A third trial compared combination treatment with lamivuudine, HBIG and adefovir dipivoxil after at least one month of combination treatment. A fourth trial compared the combination of lamvudine and HBIgs versus lamvuudines alone. Statistically significant differences were not detected in any of the comparisons and outcomes. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection.
 This systematic review of 15 studies, involving 1019 participants, found that Sulphonylurea with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone. In addition, there was evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at two years was 30% in the SU group compared to 5% in conventional care group). No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide levels, but insulin maintained stimulated levels better than SU (one study, mean difference 7.7 ng/ml). One study showed that GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide) may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. However, there is not enough evidence for or against this treatment. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality or adverse events.
 The evidence is current to September 2016. We included 70 studies (44,958 participants), including 63 studies involving 42,784 participants, in the meta-analyses. Overall, these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. Outcomes at four or more months post-intervention were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained beyond the immediate short term. We found no substantive meaningful benefits for social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. Although some significant effects were found, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be relevant for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
 We found three randomised controlled trials with 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence is up to date to September 2016. The studies were small, of very low quality. The quality was very low. We are uncertain if hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment or restrictions are effective in preventing dislocation and improving outcomes for people who have had a hip operation. There is also insufficient evidence to support or refute a postoperative community rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and education compared to conventional rehabilitation strategies based on functional outcomes. Further high-quality studies are needed.
 Three randomised controlled trials were included in this review. In two trials, women with endometriosis had fewer painful periods in the LNG-IUD group compared with expectant management. The number of women who were satisfied with their treatment was also higher but did not reach statistical significance. In one trial, women receiving LNG had lower pain scores compared with women receiving gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists, but there was not enough evidence to confirm these findings. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative IUD use reduces the recurrence of painful periods. Further well-designed trials are needed.
 The evidence is current to February 2016. We found 24 randomised controlled trials, which included 24 studies. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (14/24), with adult participants (17/24). The majority of studies were conducted with children and used between-participants designs. All studies were carried out in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. Most studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different food options available, two changed fewer options, four changed the relative proportion of less-healthy options, and four changed how often they were encountered along a line. The other six studies investigated whether or not snack foods or drinks were placed further away from the participants, or changed how they were placed in relation to each other. Eighteen studies investigated proximity interventions. Most (18 studies) changed the distance at which snack food or drink was placed from participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along the line. For selection outcomes, we found that people who were given fewer options were more likely than people given more options, but with considerable uncertainty, to choose fewer options. We also found evidence that people were less likely to eat foods that were placed farther away from them, but this effect was greater when only the targeted product(s) was available, when participants were of low deprivation status, or when the study was at high risk of bias. For consumption outcomes, there was very low or very low certainty about whether people were more or less likely than those who were not given fewer or more options. The certainty of this evidence as assessed by GRADE is low, meaning that we are very uncertain about our findings. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments.
 This review found only one randomised controlled trial, which compared PEP with placebo. This study did not show that PEP was effective at preventing HIV seroconversion. However, it did show that it was more likely than placebo that people who received PEP were less likely than people who did not receive PEP to have taken antiretroviral drugs after exposure to HIV. There is not enough evidence from randomized controlled trials to show whether PEP is effective or not. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in developing countries, is needed.
 This review found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood, mood and catastrophising immediately following treatment, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow up. CBT but not behaviour therapy has small effects on disability associated with chronic pain, with some maintenance at six months. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood, but showed an effect immediately after treatment. There is not enough information on the quality or content of treatment to investigate their influence on outcome.
 We found 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met our inclusion criteria. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. The evidence is current to September 2016. Ten of the 10 initiatives provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 people). Five of these showed mean decreases in average daily salt intake per person, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland, Finland, France, Ireland, Canada, Switzerland, USA, United Kingdom, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Sweden and Finland) and one showed an increase (Switzerland, Canada) in salt intake. The remaining five of these did not show an increase. Two of these studies showed mean increase (1.66 grams per day more per person in Finland, Switzerland and Switzerland) of salt intake, but these were from several years ago. We were not able to combine results from these studies because they were too different from each other. For men, five initiatives (Austria, China, Finland and France, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Canada) showed a reduction in salt from pre-intervention to post-interventions. For women, three initiatives (China, Finland or France) showed no change, four initiatives showed a decrease, and two showed no difference. Information was not available for men and women separately. Seven of these 10 initiatives were multi-component (more than one intervention activity) in nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed reductions in salt in people’s daily salt consumption, ranging between Finland and Ireland (see above), while one (Canada, United States, Switzerland) showed an increased salt consumption. The other four showed increases. We did not find enough information about whether there was any difference between men or women, or whether there were any differences between the two groups. We could not combine results because there were too few studies. The quality of evidence was very low, meaning that we are uncertain about the results. We graded this evidence as very low quality, meaning we are very uncertain about our results. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population, rigorous measurement of dietary sodium intake. However, all studies were scored as having high-quality studies, which means that we cannot be certain about their results.
 This systematic review identified seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups). All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa, tryptophan (one study) were compared with placebo. All studies were small and had small numbers of participants. The results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no difference or harm. These were the specific findings for each of these drugs according to specific outcomes: 1. Amitidine versus placebo for masseteric electromyography (EMG) activity per minute: standardized mean difference (SMD) -0.28, 2.60, 3.13, 4.41, 5.16, 6.47, 7.06, 8.00, 9.50, 10.20, 11.30, 12.15, 13.00 and 14.00. 2. amitriptylines versus placebo (two studies) for bruxism episodes per hour of sleep, bruxisms bursts per hour, bruzism bursts per episode and number of episodes with grinding noise. 3. clonididine (one small study) versus placebo. 4. propranolol (one large study) against placebo. 5. L-tryptophan against placebo (three small studies). 6. levodophan versus a placebo. 7. aminidazole versus a dummy drug. 8. amidazolol versus a fake drug. 9. clanidine (two small studies) against a dummy medication. 10. amimidazoline versus placebo, a dummy medicine. 11. amisoprazole against a fake medicine. 12. tryptopazole against an inactive medicine. 13. amiidazoles versus no medicine. 14. placebo versus no medication. 15. placebo. We combined several secondary outcomes (sleep duration, EMG activity, pain intensity and pain intensity). The results for most comparisons were uncertain because of statistical imprecision. We found no differences between the drugs. Clonidine reduced rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and increased the second stage of sleep. However, results for other sleep-related outcomes were uncertain. Adverse effects were frequent, including drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia, as well as in people who received a placebo (7/16 had moderate to severe xerstomia compared with 2/16 in the placebo group). The use of preventive medication avoided any adverse effects.
 This review included 10 studies involving 1015 participants with ARDS. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), or antioxidants) with an immunonutrition formula. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found no differences in all-cause mortality (longest period reported) between groups. We are uncertain whether immunonutition with omega-3 fatty acids reduces ICU length of stay, ventilator days, or oxygenation at day 4. Adverse events are also uncertain, as confidence intervals include the potential for increased cardiac, gastrointestinal, and total adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low to very low.
 This review of 33 studies found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, there was not enough information about how these AEs were reported, so it is not clear whether there is a difference between the methods used. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios from 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs may influence the detection of these data. This could compromise the ability to pool AE data. Further research is needed.
 We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups). We found 582 records. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records for inclusion in the review. We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. One study is awaiting classification. This study of 154 cases and 616 people with SUDEP found that there was a protective effect on SUDEP when supervision was provided by a supervising person in the same bedroom or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. This effect was independent of seizure control. We did not find any evidence of an effect of supervision on death, anxiety, depression, or quality of life. The quality was very low. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, such as seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists in preventing SUDEP.
 We searched scientific databases for studies comparing autogenic drainage to any other recognised airway clearance technique. We found seven studies, involving 208 people with cystic fibrosis. The studies lasted between four and two years. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst one study had participants who had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. One study was parallel to another, whilst the remaining six studies were of parallel design. The total study duration varied between four days. The average age of participants ranged from seven years to 63 years. All studies compared autogenic airway drainage to one (or more) other recognised technique. The review found that there were no differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured, except when autogenic was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion. The quality was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the quality of the evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. The included studies did not have enough participants and were not large enough for us to be able to assess whether there was any difference between autogenic or any other airway technique. Autogenic drainage is a challenging technique that requires commitment from the individual. As such, this intervention merits systematic review. Larger studies are required.
 This review found that psychological therapies based on CBT principles are effective in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. However, the body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required.
 This review included 12 randomised controlled trials involving 1,856 women. The trials were a mix of trials in India, Jordan, UK and USA. In five trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages. In seven trials, women had suffered two or more successive miscarriages and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that there may be some evidence to suggest that women with unexplained recurrent miscarriages may have fewer miscarriages in subsequent pregnancies if they are given progestogens. There may be little or no difference between women who are given and those who are not. We are uncertain about whether there is an effect on the rate of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. No clear differences were seen between women receiving or not receiving progestins for other important outcomes including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth. None of the trials reported on any secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility.
 We found 14 studies with 1298 pregnant women. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, five studies compared MIB versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that there was not enough evidence to determine whether there was any difference between CM or MIB interventions in reducing drug use among pregnant women with drug use. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed between CM versus MIB. However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups (two trials, 103 participants, moderate quality evidence). There were also no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test at end of treatment). The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. It is important to develop a better evidence base in this important population.
 We found 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short-term NACE, cardiac death, all-cause mortality, bleeding, and access site complications. However, there is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes (i.e. beyond 30 days of follow-up).
 We found only two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. We did not combine the results of these studies because they were too different from each other. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. There were only two included studies in this review, with variation between them, making it impossible to combine their results. We found that there was insufficient evidence to assess the effect on death, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation or clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. There is an increased interest in this area by researchers, which is welcome and needed. There are six ongoing studies.
 Three randomised controlled trials with 1166 women with breast cancer were included in this review. There were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse free survival and metastasis free survival based on 1166 randomised women in three trials. Concurrent chemoradiation increased anaemia, telangiectasia, pigmentation and pigmentation but did not differ between the two types of sequencing. There was an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis in women treated before RT, but other measures of toxicity did not change. The data included from this review, from three well-conducted randomised randomised trials, suggest that different methods do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
 We found nine randomised controlled trials involving 622 participants. The studies were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals and had a short to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three studies compared CrP plus resistance with placebo plus resistance or weight training, the other three studies compared it with placebo. We found that CrP was more effective than placebo for body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference, body weight and body mass indices. However, there was no clear evidence that it was better or worse than placebo. No firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses of CrP with placebo for various weight loss measures. Only three studies provided information on side effects. There were two serious side effects and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious side effect in an individual taking 400 µg. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to side effects; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. The evidence is up to date up to September 2016.
 We found 11 randomised controlled trials with 886 participants. The evidence is up to date to September 2016. The studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in our estimate and may change this estimate. There is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small participant numbers and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence. There was moderate quality evidence from one small study with 43 participants that more Dermacym®-treated foot wounds in people with diabetes healed compared to those treated with iodine. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality.
 We included five randomised studies with 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis, continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS (two studies). Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with.
 The evidence is current to February 2016. We found 10 studies that compared maize flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients with unfortified maize flour. Five studies were randomised controlled trials, five studies were not, three studies were non-randomised controlled studies, two studies were interrupted time series studies, one study was unreported. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Seven studies examined maize flour fortified with folate. Three studies included maize flour that was not fortified. The studies were conducted from China, Mexico, South Africa, Bangladesh, Canada, India, and Canada. One study was conducted from India, one from Bangladesh, and three studies from Canada. The overall quality of evidence was very low to very low. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk for attrition and contamination.
 This review of six randomised controlled trials found that screening newborn babies with CF is less expensive than traditional diagnosis. However, it is not clear if it is better or worse at improving lung function. There is some evidence to suggest that there may be nutritional benefits from screening, but more research is needed.
 We found five randomised controlled trials, recruiting 7314 participants, that compared blood pressure targets for diastolic blood pressure in people with elevated blood pressure (i.e. blood pressure lower than 120 mmHg) or'standard' blood pressure target in people who had diabetes. The evidence is current to February 2016. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes in 4734 participants. This trial showed that people who were assigned to lower blood pressure were less likely to have a stroke. However, there was not enough evidence to say if this was true for people with diabetes. There was no difference in stroke, heart attack, myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure or kidney failure in people assigned to 'lower' target blood pressure. There was also no evidence to show that people assigned lower blood pressures had more serious side effects. The overall quality of the evidence was low. More randomized controlled trials are needed, with future trials reporting total mortality, total serious adverse events as well as cardiovascular and renal events.
 This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in healing diabetes related plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers, felt fitted to the foot, felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect.
 This systematic review of five randomised controlled trials, involving 235 women with breast cancer, found no clear evidence to suggest that non-pharmacological interventions may have the potential to reduce, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following systemic cancer treatment. However, the evidence is of low quality and, therefore, findings should be interpreted with caution. Larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active attentional control group, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) are required to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this intervention approach.
 We found six randomised controlled trials of chlorpromazine and piperacetazine. We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 people with schizophrenia. The evidence is current to February 2016. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. Only short-term data were available. Chlorpromazine was no better or worse at improving global state of mental state than Piperacetazine, but there was no clear difference between the two drugs regarding adverse effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some side effects, including parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear difference was observed in numbers of people leaving the study early for any reason. No trial reported on negative symptoms or economic costs. The results of this review show chlorpromidine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on very small numbers of participants. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Currently, there is no good quality evidence to base decisions. More high quality research is needed.
 This systematic review found five randomised controlled trials with 207 participants that compared colorectal stent placement with emergency surgery. The trials were conducted in the UK, USA, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of clinical success rate, complication rate, mortality or morbidity. However, there was more clinical success in the emergency surgery group. The average time of clinical relief of bowel obstruction was 3.55 days in the colonic stent group compared to 3.66 days in emergency surgery groups. The mean hospital stay was 11.53 days and was 17.15 days respectively. The median blood loss was 50 ml and 350 ml. The clinical success was higher for the emergency group than for the stent insertion. The 30-day mortality rate was similar, 2.3%. The stent related perforation rate was 5.88%, stent migration rate was 2.13%, and stent obstruction rate was two.13%. The complication rate was 39.22% and was 45.71%. The mean procedure/operating time was 113.93 minutes and 143.85 minutes respectively.
 We found nine randomised controlled trials (involving 1867 women) comparing human albumin, HES, or mannitol versus placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found evidence that human albumins reduce OHSS in women at high risk. However, there was not enough evidence to be sure of this effect. There was no evidence of an effect on pregnancy rates. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, poor study design, poor blinding of study participants, and failure to blind outcome assessment. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for all comparisons.
 This systematic review of 10 studies involving 484 patients found that there was not enough evidence that any one sclerosing agent was better or worse than another for the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs. However, there was some evidence that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was probably more painful. The evidence did not suggest superior efficacy or patient satisfaction for any of these agents. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) used to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction.
 This review included seven studies with 241 participants. Salbutamol administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. The effect was seen at 120 minutes and at 90 minutes for 20 mg nebulised salbutamole. Intravenous (IV) salbutamsol was more effective than IV bicarbonate, aminophylline, insulin, or calcium binding resins in reducing serum potassium. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as IV sodium or potassium binding resin, to treat hyperkalaemia. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium-binding resins. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of high blood potassium levels is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes. More research is needed.
 This review included 29 studies, enrolling 4216 participants, that compared antimicrobial lock solutions to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) for HD. Antibiotic lock solutions probably reduce CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Antimicrobial lock solution probably makes little, if any, difference to the risk of blood clots per 1000 catheter days, but probably makes very little or no difference in the number of days in which a person has a blood clot. Antifungal antimicrobial and combined (antibiotic-non antibiotic) lock solutions decreased CRI compared to control lock solutions, but only for tunnelled CVC. The effect is uncertain for all antimicrobial locks solutions. More studies are needed.
 We identified 15 eligible studies (1098 participants). Of these, six studies investigated pre-emptive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight studies looked at pre-prevention versus antiviral prophylaxis, and one study looked at oral versus intravenous treatment. Compared with placebo or standard care, there were no significant differences between the two groups in preventing CMV disease but there was significant heterogeneity between studies. There were no differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of side-effects, but there were differences between studies in the number of people who developed leucopenia (a rare but serious complication caused by CMV) compared to those who did not have CMV, which was significantly less common in people who received pre-prophylactic treatment. The evidence is current to February 2016.
 This review of three randomised controlled trials found insufficient evidence about the use of sweet potato for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Further observational trials are needed to guide clinical practice.
 Our search identified 62 studies, of which 19 (440 people with cystic fibrosis) were included. The age ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted only a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Five studies compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiratory pressure. There was not enough evidence to support or reject the use of this therapy over any other airway clearance therapy. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, such as participant preference, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. All other outcomes were either not measured or had insufficient data for analysis. Longer studies are needed.
 This review identified eight randomised controlled trials with 733 women undergoing IVF cycles. The evidence is current up-to-date to February 2016. The review found that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve ongoing pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing an IVF cycle. However, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether brief co,incubations contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate compared to the standard overnight insemination protocol.
 This review of five randomised controlled trials found that infants born with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are clinically important; thus, infants with poorly compliance lungs should not be ventilated with a long IT. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care, because the studies included in this review were conducted prior to the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant and synchronised modes of ventilatory support.
 We found 33 studies involving 5110 patients. Most studies were of low methodological quality. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. However, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention. No adverse effects were reported.
 We found 38 eligible trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural interventions and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, the number of participants remaining in the trial. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated questionnaire response. Some other strategies evaluated in single trials looked promising but need further evaluation. There was no good evidence to suggest that incentives, non-monetary incentives, letters, letters delivered by priority post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order either increased or decreased trial questionnaire response/retention. The evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires was unclear. Although each was based on a single trial, recorded delivery of questionnaires seemed to be more effective than telephone reminders. As our analyses are based on single trials, some other strategies, such as using charity donations, sending reminders to trial sites and when a questionnaire is sent, may need more evaluation.
 We found eight randomised controlled trials involving 829 participants. We found that the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway makes a better seal and therefore may be more suitable for positive pressure ventilation. More time was required to establish an effective airway using pLMA (mean difference 10.12 seconds, 95% confidence interval 5.04 seconds to 15.21 seconds, two studies, 434 participants). Peak airway pressure during positive-pressure ventilation was lower in cLMA participants, but this is unlikely to be clinically meaningful. We are uncertain about whether there are important differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. Data were insufficient to allow estimation of differences for obstruction related to the device. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. The quality of the evidence was low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision.
 We found 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1453 children aged between four to 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. We found that children treated with probiotics were more than twice as likely to experience an improvement in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given a placebo. However, we judged the evidence for these two outcomes to be of moderate quality due to small numbers of children included in these studies. Children treated with fibre or low FODMAP diets were not more likely than children given placebo to experience improvement. There was also no reduction in pain intensity. The estimated number of children who needed to receive probiotics was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive a probiotics treatment in this timescale. We were not able to combine the results from these studies because there were too few children in each study. The quality of the evidence was low or very low.
 We found 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (3 were cluster studies where people were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups). Most studies had student populations. The studies were very heterogeneous, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, making it difficult to combine their results. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found mixed evidence that mass media interventions may reduce prejudice, but there is not enough evidence to determine their effects on discrimination. There is insufficient information about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. More research is needed. Such research should use robust methods, report data more consistently with reporting guidelines and be less reliant on students.
 We included 85 studies in our review. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 poor countries, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found 52 studies in total. Forty-six studies explored the views of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies of healthcare providers and 22 studies incorporated both women’s views and experiences of both women and healthcare providers. We also found 17 studies that looked at what matters most to women, healthcare providers, pregnant women, their families, community members and other relevant stakeholders. These studies looked for evidence that antenatal care for healthy pregnant women and their families/communities was acceptable, accessible, or valued in specific local contexts. For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience when they access it for the first time. Whether healthcare providers are able to provide good-quality, relationship-based, locally accessible ANC that is likely to facilitate access by women depends on having sufficient resources, staff and time to provide flexible personalised, private appointments that are not overloaded with organisational tasks. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value kind, caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, who respect women‘s belief that pregnancy is usually a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Healthcare providers also require sufficient training, education, and an adequate salary to do their job well, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to supplement their income, or to fund essential supplies. This review has identified key barriers (or not) that may or may not be a barrier or facilitator to the uptake or not of ANC services by pregnant women or their families and community members. It complements existing effectiveness reviews.
 Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in this review. Calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after aneurysmal SAH. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral nimodipine; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice, but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
 This systematic review identified three randomised controlled trials including 739 children. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. All studies had some methodological limitations. There was evidence that myeloablative therapy was more effective than conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment. However, there was not enough information about side effects or quality of life for us to be certain about the effect of myeloablation in different subgroups of the population. There is currently no evidence of an effect on overall survival when additional follow-up data are included. No conclusions can be made regarding adverse effects and quality-life, although possible higher levels of adverse effects should be kept in mind. It should also be taken into account that recently the age cut off for high risk disease was changed from one year to 18 months. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease have been included in these studies.
 We found eight randomised clinical trials involving 632 people with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% of people with stage III primary hepatocells. The median follow-up duration was 12 months. We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced all-cause mortality at three years' follow up. However, it may also have increased tumour response (complete response plus partial response). We are very uncertain about these results, as there were too few studies to draw any firm conclusions. We are also very much uncertain about whether there were any serious side-effects. The evidence is up to date to September 2016. The quality was low to very low. The main limitations of the included studies were their small number, small numbers, small sample sizes, small number of participants, poor design, poor quality of evidence, poor reporting and poor reporting.
 This review of trials found no randomised controlled trials that compared increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements.
 This review included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants, involving 2360 procedures. Most of these studies were small and had unclear risk of bias. For the subclavian vein (nine studies, 2030 participants, 2049 procedures), two-dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of inadvertent arterial puncture (three trials, 498 participants, risk ratio (RR) 0.21, 95% confidence interval (CI) 5.06 to 0.82, I² = 0%), haematoma formation (four studies, 311 participants, 311 procedures). However, success on the first attempt was more likely with ultrasound (three studies, 224 participants, success rate was 31%) than with anatomical landmark technique. For femoral vein, fewer studies were available for analysis. No evidence was found that there was any difference between the two techniques in total or other complications (together, US, USD), number of attempts until success (US, USD) or first-time (US) success rates or time taken to insert the catheter. No data were provided on mortality or participant-reported outcomes. Data on insertion by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain.
 This review of 15 studies found that physostigmine showed no convincing benefit for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's disease, although it was associated with more side effects than placebo. The evidence is limited because of its short half-life.
 This review included 13 randomised controlled trials involving 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants who had had previous stroke, two trials recruited people who had not had a stroke, and one trial recruited people with CVD. We found that fibrates can prevent stroke, myocardial infarction, vascular death, stroke, heart attack, heart failure, death from vascular causes, and stroke. However, there was no increase in adverse events with fibrate compared to control. There was not enough evidence to say whether fibrating people with previous stroke is safe or not. More research is needed.
 This review included 12 randomised controlled trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 women) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 women). All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonic drugs in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that women who received TA were less likely than women who did not receive TA to have excessive blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL and more than 1000 mL. The effect of TA on blood loss was more pronounced in women having vaginal birth than in women who had CS. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase of minor side effects (nausea, vomiting, dizziness). The effect on maternal mortality, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events is uncertain (low quality evidence). TA (in addition to uterotonic medications) decreases postpartum blood loss and prevents PPH and blood transfusions following vaginal birth and CS.
 We found 12 studies with 2494 participants comparing amantadine with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir to treat influenza A. We found no studies assessing amanadine in the elderly. The evidence is current up-to-date to February 2016. The results show that amantidine was effective in preventing influenza A in children. However, the quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drug was not well established. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with amantdine or rimantadines.
 We found nine randomised controlled trials, which included 1512 women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies they were trying to conceive via sexual intercourse. We are uncertain whether endometrial injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low (risk ratio (RR) 2.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.56 to 3.15; six studies, 950 women, very low quality evidence). When we restricted the analysis to only studies at low-quality evidence, the effect was imprecise. When we compared hysteroscopy to hysteroscopies alone, there was no evidence to show an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. The quality was very low for all three comparisons. The average pain experienced by women undergoing endometrium injury was 6/10 on a visual analogue scale (VAS). However, only one study reported this outcome. Neither of these studies reported pain during the procedure. No studies reported bleeding. The evidence is current up-to-date to February 2016.
 We found four randomised controlled trials (3905 participants) comparing professional oral care versus usual oral care in nursing homes. The studies all evaluated one comparison. We did not pool the results from one study, which was stopped at interim analysis because there was no clear difference between groups. We were not able to determine whether professional care resulted in fewer deaths due to pneumonia in nursing home residents compared with usual care over an 18-month period (low-quality evidence). We were also unable to determine if professional care was associated with fewer first episodes of pneumonia compared to usual care. However, there was some evidence from two studies that professional care may reduce the risk of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with normal oral care at 24-month follow-up. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. Only one study (834 participants randomised) measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care. We found no high-quality studies to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Further trials are needed.
 This systematic review included five randomised controlled trials involving 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide, mesalazine with or without cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate versus mesalidine. The studies were of low quality. Budesonide was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical response. However, it was not maintained at 8 weeks or at 12 months of treatment. There were no differences in clinical remission between patients treated with either mesalamide or placebo at 8 or 12 months. There was no difference in clinical or histological response between the two groups at 8 and 12 months, but there were differences between the studies at 8 to 12 months after treatment. Although patients receiving beclmetasone (84%) achieved clinical remission at 8 months, it did not maintain at 12 to 18 months. No side effects were reported in either study. Adverse events reported in the studies were nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, nausea, constipation and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects.
 This systematic review included 12 randomised controlled trials involving 3259 patients with type 2 diabetes who were not using insulin. The duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared SMBG with usual care without monitoring, one study compared SMG with SMUG, one trial was a three-armed trial comparing SMG and SMUG versus usual care, and one study was two-armed study comparing less intensive SMBG and more intensive SMB with a control group. Seven out of 11 studies had a low risk of bias for most indicators. The overall effect of SMBG on glycaemic control was small up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months. There were few data on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. There was no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction, general well-being, or general health-related quality of life. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact and its impact on diabetes specific quality, as well as on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications.
 This systematic review of 11 studies involving 471 participants with AsPD found that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD. Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance, cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus treatment as usual, CBT plus standard maintenance and the 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated program' plus incarceration) appeared effective, compared to the control condition, for improving at least one outcome. However, these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. Further research is urgently needed.
 This review of 11 studies found that there is no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for the common cold or for persisting acute purulent rhinitis in children or adults. There is evidence that antibiotics cause significant adverse effects in adults when given for common cold and in all ages when given to people with acute purulence. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended.
 We found five randomised controlled trials (162 randomised participants) that compared different antibiotic treatments for plaque psoriasis. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. The average age of participants was 12 years. We did not include studies where people were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. We found only five trials, with 162 participants, which assessed five comparisons (systemic antibiotic treatment (penicillin, erythromycin, rifampicin, rituximab, riomycin, vitamin C, placebo, or no treatment) of five comparisons. The studies were small, with a total of 162 participants. The mean PASI score at baseline varied from 5.7 (i.e. mild) in four studies. In four studies, participants had mild or moderate PASIs. In three studies, people had moderate or severe PASIS. In one study, people who had severe or severe disease had severe disease. In the other two studies, there was no difference between the two treatment groups in the number of people achieving clear or almost clear skin. Adverse events were not measured. We are very uncertain about the results of these five studies. The quality was very low, mainly because we did not have enough information about participants' characteristics, treatment duration, time to resolution, or side-effects.
 We found 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 933 people with MS. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested placebo. Vitamin D appears not to have an effect on relapse, worsening of disability, or MRI lesions, but there is no clear evidence that it has any effect on health-related quality of life or fatigue. There is limited information about side-effects, but vitamin D appears to be safe. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update.
 This review includes 62 studies, with 4241 participants, comparing morphine for cancer pain. We found that morphine is an effective analgesic for pain in people with cancer. Morphine is also effective for other types of cancer pain, but the evidence is generally poor. Most studies were small, often small, and were largely carried out to show equivalence between different morphine formulations. Most trials recruited fewer than 100 participants and did not provide appropriate data for meta-analysis. Only a few studies reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% had no worse than mild pain within a reasonably short time period. A small number of participants did not achieve adequate pain relief with morphine. The review shows that morphine has stood up well for many years, but it is not clear if these trials were large enough to detect any clinical differences between morphine formulations or comparator drugs. The evidence is current to September 2015.
 Fourteen randomised controlled trials were included, totalling 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years. The majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, the average duration after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias. The primary comparison was open surgery versus steroid injections, because open surgery is the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and considered as standard surgery, whereas steroid injection is often used as first-line treatment in clinical practice. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery (two studies), percutaneous surgery (five studies), open surgery plus steroid injection plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection (one study); open surgery with steroid injection versus steroid injection alone, percutaneously surgery with or without steroid injection, endoscopic surgery versus open surgery, endoscopies versus endoscopy, endoscope versus endoscope, and endoscopic versus endoscopic. There was low-quality evidence that open surgery provides benefits with respect to less triggering recurrence, although it has the disadvantage that it is more painful. We are uncertain whether open surgery improves resolution of trigger finger symptoms when compared to steroid injection. Evidence was downgraded due to study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision.
 Three randomised controlled trials with 931 participants were included in this systematic review. All three studies compared different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone, sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy, PCV chemotherapy alone, and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. One study, the European Organisation for Research oncology Group's EORTC, showed that RT plus PCV improved overall survival by 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm. This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, codeletion of complete chromosome arms and 19q with or without IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent prognostic factors for OS in two of these studies. The third study (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival. Early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve OS of participants with AO or AOA. However, it is not clear whether PCV can be substituted for this.
 We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups) with 240 children aged one to 18 years. All studies were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three studies compared intranasal corticosteroids against placebo, while two studies compared oral montelukast against placebo. The evidence is current to September 2016. We are uncertain about whether there is any difference in AHI between children who received intrananasal steroids compared to children who did not receive them. In addition, we are uncertain whether there are any differences between children receiving intranaal steroids and children who do not receive these drugs. The certainty on AHI, respiratory arousal index, desaturation index, respiratory arousals, oxygen saturation, and nadir oxygen saturation was moderate to low. In contrast, children receiving oral montlukast had a lower AHI and a lower respiratory arousal and oxygen saturation than those in the placebo group. Children also had fewer apnoeas, hypopnoea, and respiratory arousal during sleep. In the studies that did not report adverse events, they were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly distributed between study groups. There is not enough evidence that there is a difference between children with mild to moderate OSA in children who receive intranazole versus children with no OSA.
 We found six studies, including 1291 children, that investigated whether giving blood thinning agents (low molecular weight heparin, antithrombin, warfarin, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) to prevent blood clots in children with CVCs prevented VTE. We found that there were no differences between studies in the number of children who developed VTE and the number who did not. However, this could be a result of the low number of included participants, which resulted in low power. We did not find any differences in adverse events (such as major or minor bleeding; none of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, haemorrhagic stroke (HIT), heparins-induced haemopoiesis, death, removal of blood vessels due to VTE, CVC-related infection or PTS) between studies. In one study, which compared one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment, we found a significant reduction in symptomatic VTE with the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation. In another study, there was no difference between studies, but there was some evidence to suggest that LMWH may reduce VTE without bleeding complications. None of these studies provided information on bleeding episodes. One study provided information about other adverse events: None occurred. All studies had methodological limitations, and clinical heterogeneity between studies was noted.
 Three randomised controlled trials involving 287 participants were included in this review. CSFD did not have a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. There are limited data supporting the role of CSFD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical studies are indicated.
 We found 13 randomised controlled trials, with 662 participants, comparing NB-UVB with other treatments. The evidence is current to January 2016. We found no studies that compared NB to conventional BBB. In one study, people with CPP were more likely than people without CPP or GP to be treated with NB. In three other studies, people who received NB were less likely than those who received other treatments to be cleared of their CPP. In people with PPP, there were no significant differences between NB and bath PUVA in terms of clearance rate and withdrawals due to side-effects. In two studies, there was not enough evidence that NB was better or worse than other treatments for people who had CPP, but there was more evidence that it was more convenient to use since it was not required before phototherapy. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we are very uncertain about our results.
 This review of 21 randomised controlled trials found that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any method. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implanted sacral nerve stimulator. Larger well-designed trials are needed to enable safe conclusions.
 This review of 39 randomised controlled trials found no clear evidence that there was any difference between catheter use versus not using a catheter after surgery. However, there was some evidence to suggest that there were fewer urinary tract infections when the catheter was removed earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days), but there was not enough information to be sure of this.
 This review included 10 studies (3340 participants) comparing aripiprazole with placebo, other medicines, or no treatment. The evidence is current up to September 2016. The review found that aripidrazole is an effective treatment for mania in adults, children and adolescents, although its use leads to gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation), movement disorders and more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication. Comparative trials with medicines other than haloperidol and lithium are few, so the precise place in therapy remains unclear.
 The review authors searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups). They found only two randomized controlled studies (RCTs or CCTs) evaluating antibiotic lock treatments in children with cancer. All studies had methodological limitations and clinical heterogeneity between studies was present. We found that there was not enough evidence from these studies for us to draw any conclusions about antibiotic or other lock treatments. We did not find any evidence to support the use of antibiotic lock treatment alone. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. More well-designed RCTs are needed.
 The evidence is up to date to May 2016. We found 15 randomised controlled trials. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate-quality evidence that an educational video of advice focusing on the role played by people with whiplash-related pain was more beneficial than no treatment, but not long-term follow-up. There is low to very low quality evidence (nine trials using diverse educational approaches) showing either no evidence of benefit or difference for varied outcomes. Advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics: Very low-quality studies showed no difference in pain reduction or improvement in function or global perceived improvement when advice was given out in emergency care (control) for acute whiplashes. Self-care strategies: Very-low quality studies showed that self care strategies did not relieve pain for acute to chronic neck pain.
 This Cochrane review identified 49 studies, including 49 studies and pieces of literature, that examined communication with people at risk of CJD or vCJD. In total, 49 studies were included in this review. There is insufficient rigorous evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations.
 We found only one small randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RSL symptoms had improved more in patients treated with opioids than in those treated with placebo. More patients in the drug group were drug responders than those treated in the placebo group. Quality of life scores also improved more with opioids compared with those treated without opioids. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps during the night. The major adverse events were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache.
 This review of 15 trials, involving 1022 adults, found that external fixation reduced redisplacement and prevented late collapse and malunion compared with plaster cast immobilisation. External fixation was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a better functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. Most of these complications are minor. Probably, some complications could have been avoided using different surgical technique for pin insertion.
 This review of five randomised controlled trials found that early removal of ureteric stents following kidney transplantation may reduce the incidence of UTI while it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. However, if an externalised PU stent was used there was no discernible difference in UTI incidence between the early and late stent removal groups. BI stents are the optimum method for achieving this benefit.
 We found five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique versus fillings. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed us to compare crowns fitted using a different method. The evidence is current to September 2016. All studies used PMCs. There are no studies comparing crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, to fillings, but there was moderate quality evidence that crowns were less likely than fillings for major failure or pain in the long term. Similarly, there was low quality evidence to suggest that there was no difference between crown and fillings in the risk of gingival bleeding in the short or long term, but it is uncertain whether there is an important difference when crowns are used to replace teeth that have been damaged. The quality was very low and we are therefore uncertain about these results. We found no studies that compared different methods (i.e. Hall technique versus conventional technique) or different types of crown. There was moderate to very low quality of evidence for crowns compared to non-restorative caries, and for metal versus aesthetic crowns.
 This Cochrane Review identified 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) comparing PEP with other airway clearance techniques. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO), BiPaP and exercise. Most studies did not report how they were carried out. The evidence is up to date to February 2016. The studies were small, small enough that they did not provide enough information for us to be able to draw any firm conclusions about their results. We found that there was no difference between PEP and other methods of airway clearing. However, there was some evidence to suggest that PEP was less likely to cause an exacerbation in people with CF when used for at least one year. There was also some evidence that there were fewer adverse events related to the lower airways in people using PEP when compared with HFCWOs. The quality of the evidence was variable, meaning that it is difficult to draw firm conclusions.
 This review included four studies involving 1485 participants. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission at week 8 (moderate certainty evidence). The raw numbers of participants achieving remission were 26.9 and 19.8%, respectively. In raw numbers, clinical response was achieved in 40.2 and 30.9, respectively. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7 and 6.2, respectively, of participants taking CZPs. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn's disease, infections, and malignancy.
 The evidence is current to February 2016. We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups), randomised clinical trials (where people are allocated at random to receive one treatment or another), randomized controlled trials, randomised trials, or trials where people were randomly put in one treatment group or another. We found 112 studies, which included 23,762 people with CKD. Of these, 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported at least one outcome of interest for our review. In acute heart failure, we were uncertain about the effects on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension, or quality of life. In chronic heart failure we were very uncertain about whether treatment with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi or ARB) or angiotenin receptor blockers (ARB) had an effect on death (any cause), hospitalisation, worsening of heart failure and kidney functions, or on quality-of-life. We were not able to estimate whether treatment of sinus node inhibitors or vasodilators had an impact on the risk of hyperkalemia, as there were too few studies. In people with chronic heart disease, the effects were uncertain. In addition, there were not enough studies for us to be certain about the risks associated with these drugs. The evidence was of very low or very low certainty.
 Three studies involving 1945 women were included in this review. No serious complications were reported in the trials. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. There was insufficient evidence to recommend one form of monitoring over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered.
 We found only two randomised controlled trials involving 54 people with CVI. Both studies were at high risk of bias. We were not able to combine the data from the two included studies. One study did not show that physical exercise reduced symptoms of CVI in the exercise group. The second study did show an increase in changes in ejection fraction, half venous refilling time and total venous filling time in people who exercised compared with people who did not exercise. However, both studies did not provide information about the incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. We rated both included studies as at high-quality evidence. Therefore, the overall quality was very low. Future research into the effect of physical exercise should consider types of exercise protocols, sample size, blinding and homogeneity according to severity.
 This systematic review found that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects on pain, function and patient global assessment at different post injection periods but especially at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. However, there are few randomised controlled trials comparing different viscosuplements and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of different products. In general, few adverse events were reported in the hyaluronan/hylan trials included in these analyses. Overall, the analyses performed are positive for the HA class and particularly positive for some products with respect to certain variables and timepoints, such as pain on weight bearing at 5 or 13 weeks postinjection. In other analyses HA products had more prolonged effects than IA corticosteroids. It is important to note, however, that there are too few trials to draw any definitive comment on safety.
 We found 10 randomised clinical trials that compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics. Misoprostols did not reduce maternal mortality, serious maternal morbidity, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy in women who had not responded to uterotonic therapy. The review also found that among women who received oxytocin for the treatment of primary PPH, adjunctive use did not provide any added benefit. The role of tranexamic acid and compression methods requires further evaluation. We did not find any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women who are not able to respond to uterotonic therapy.
 This review included six randomised controlled trials. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm infants. Five small trials evaluated short-term cysteine supplementation of cysteines in preterm babies (≤ 1000 grams). One large multicenter randomized controlled trial did not find any evidence to support routine supplementation with N-acetylcysteine in extremely low birth weight babies. Nitrogen retention was significantly increased by cystein supplementation. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks associated with cysteins, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks.
 We found 77 randomised controlled trials including 6287 people with NAFLD including those with steatohepatitis. We found that there was very low-quality evidence that there were no differences in the number of people who died or had serious adverse events between people who received active treatment versus people who did not receive active treatment. There was also very low quality evidence that people who were not given active treatment did not have more serious side effects than those who were. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people who have NAFLDs including those who have not had NAFLd. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary.
 This systematic review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that CSF tests may have better sensitivity than specificity in ruling out Alzheimer’s disease as a cause of cognitive impairment in people with MCI. However, these tests may not have much clinical value until uncertainties have been addressed. Further research is needed.
 We found three randomised controlled trials involving 170 male patients undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy. All included patients were male. The men were between 50 to 75 years of age and met the criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. All studies were small, single-centre, two-arm studies. All participants were male and were undergoing radical surgery. We found evidence showing that there were no clinically meaningful differences in postoperative pain between the two types of anaesthetics (mean difference in visual analogue scale (VAS) scores at one to six hours was -2.20). We found low-quality evidence suggesting that propofol reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) after RALRP compared with inhalational anaesthetic (sevoflurane, desflurane). However, it is unclear whether this surrogate outcome translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. No studies addressed adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality was low to very low, as all studies were of low quality. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders, might have an impact on future studies.
 The evidence is current to February 2016. We found 14 studies, including 5 cohort studies and 9 case studies, involving 1,601,515 women. Most studies found that there was no causal association between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. However, there was some evidence to suggest an increased risk of low birth weight in women who received potent to very potent topical cortice, but we did not observe this effect when potent or very potent steroids were given during pregnancy. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of foetal death, but there was not enough evidence to be sure about this effect. For low birth birth weight, although there were some differences between the two subgroups, there were not enough data from individual studies for us to be certain about these effects. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results.
 We found four randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment or control groups). The total number of participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroids compared with no topical cortics. The trials had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. All four trials reported data on visual acuity ranging from three weeks up to three years. The largest trial was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). However, this trial did not find any important difference in time to re-epithelialization between the two treatment groups. The other three small trials did not report any important differences in adverse events. The investigators in the largest trial reported that more patients in the control group developed intraocular pressure (IOP) elevation (risk ratio (RR) 0.20). One of the three smaller trials found that there was no important difference between the treatment groups (data not available). We found no reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the four trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow up. Further, three of these trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups. There is not enough evidence from these four trials for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness, safety, or side effects.
 We found four randomised controlled trials with 450 participants. We found no evidence from these trials that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic treatment for ischaemic stroke with respect to functional outcome. The quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). We found that there was no difference between the groups in the proportion of participants who died at the end of follow-up. There was also no difference in the number of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention groups. The overall quality was low. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
 We found one randomised controlled trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high school completion or income) or their families. The quality of evidence was very low, which means that we are very uncertain about its findings. The evidence is up to date as of January 2016. The trial did not show that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale) or psychosocial development (parental report of abnormal development, risk ratio (RR) 1.21, 95 to 5.78, 137 participants, very low-quality evidence). No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, there was not enough evidence to show whether or not day care improved or worsened employment of parents, employment of mothers, or household income above £200 per week.
 This review identified 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices. Eleven of these indices have been fully validated. However, none of the currently available histologic scoring indices have fully validated them. The Nancy Index has undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity and criterion validity have been tested. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing, more research is required.
 We found three randomised trials that evaluated intramedullary nailing versus plating in 213 participants. The mean age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The evidence is current up-to-date to February 2016. The three trials included 213 participants of whom 112 were male. We found no differences between the two treatments in function, pain or complications. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm that there was any difference between nailing or plating. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing, but there was some evidence to suggest that there might be a better outcome after plate fixation. Similarly, pooled data for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications, fracture union and fracture union favoured plating, but it was not clear if there was an important difference. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the groups. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of surgery or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults.
 We found 11 studies involving 38,742 people with stroke or TIA. Eight studies (35,110 participants) compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment, and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found moderate-quality evidence that BPLD treatment reduces the risk for recurrent stroke, major vascular event and dementia. We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in people using an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering was 0.81, and the pooled RR for major vascular events was 1.58.
 This review of four randomized controlled trials found that B-sitosterols improve urinary symptoms, but do not reduce prostate size. However, their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
 The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma, including 2,599 children. In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious side effects were reported. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events when regular salmeterole was compared with placebo. However, there was an increase of asthma-related death in patients who were not taking inhaled corticosteroids, compared to regular salbutamsol or placebo. There was also an increase in the number of asthma deaths in patients not using inhaled steroids in the two large surveillance studies. There is not enough evidence to assess whether the risk is higher or lower in children. The adverse effects in children remain uncertain because the small number of children studied.
 This review found that there is no evidence from controlled clinical trials that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants.
 We included 38 randomised controlled trials with 1828 participants in this review. The evidence is current to February 2016. The review includes 38 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the prevention or treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. The analyses found evidence that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. We found no differences between lactulose and lactitol for the remaining outcomes (very low quality evidence). The review also found evidence of a potential beneficial effect of the non-abdominal (mainly gastrointestinal) side-effects associated with liver disease including liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding (moderate quality evidence), but we were not able to include these in an overall meta-analysis. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very low.
 The evidence is current to January 2019. We included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) in this review. The evidence was up to date to February 2019. The review found that bisphosphonate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, although it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. It is uncertain whether other treatments prevent other skeletal complications, including spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis. It was uncertain whether vitamin D compounds had any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death, or transplant function outcomes (very low certainty or absence of evidence) or whether any other treatments had an effect. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies, small numbers of participants, small sample sizes, low numbers of patients, low quality of evidence, low certainty of results, small number or very few participants, and small numbers.
 This review of four trials involving 317 people found that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
 We found 15 randomised controlled trials involving 3057 people with acute rhinosinusitis. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, or those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinoinusitis diagnosed either clinically or confirmed by imaging is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of adverse effects.
 This review of eight randomised controlled trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve survival in patients with tumour of the stomach, although the increased incidence of postoperative mortality reduces its therapeutic benefit.
 Thirteen studies, involving 1158 participants, were included in this review. The findings suggest that naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of people who were re-incarcerated during the study period. However, it was not better than benzodiazepines, buprenorphine or psychotherapy. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low (28%). The conclusion of this review is that the studies conducted have not allowed an adequate evaluation in the field of opioid dependence. Consequently, maintenance therapy cannot yet be considered a treatment which has been scientifically proved to be superior to other kinds of treatment.
 The evidence is up to date to April 2016. We found two studies that examined the effect of changing the consistency of fluids for swallowing difficulties in people with dementia. Both were part of the same large multicentre study and included people who had or had not had dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. Both studies included 351 participants. The first study compared two viscosities (nectar thick and honey thick) with each other in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. The second study, which included 260 participants, compared two different types of fluids, honey thick liquids and regular liquids with a chin down head posture, with regular liquids without any intervention. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. The overall quality of the evidence is low. We are uncertain about the immediate effects of changing fluids in people who have swallowing difficulties. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade, thickness and sequence of interventions trialled in videofluorsoscopy for people with the condition. There are concerns about the long-term impact on the person's health. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, there may also be an immediate negative impact on swallowing. Further high-quality clinical trials are required.
 Six randomised controlled trials with 788 women were included in this review. The largest trial included 396 women eligible. The evidence is up to date up to May 2016. The trials were conducted between 1980 to 2015. The results show that there was no difference in live birth rates between natural cycle IVF and standard IVF. There was not enough information about pregnancy rates, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities or cycle cancellations. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The quality of the evidence was very low for live birth and pregnancy rates and very low or very low quality for miscarriage rates. There were not enough data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. More high quality evidence is needed.
 This review included 12 studies involving 984 people with COPD. The studies lasted from six weeks to one year. We found that Tai Chi improved lung function (i.e. lung function was better than usual care) in people who took part in Tai Chi compared with usual care. However, there was not enough evidence to determine whether Tai Chi improves lung function in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Tai Chi did not show any additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial outcomes with Tai Chi. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions, such as breathing exercise or exercise alone, Tai Chi showed no additional effects. Tai Chi is safe to practise, suggesting that it is safe for people who have COPD to practise Tai Chi in a safe way. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results of this review. More research is needed.
 We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. The evidence is current to February 2016. The studies were generally small and included only people who had had a stroke. The majority of the studies were of low or very low quality. We found evidence that virtual reality was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, virtual reality may be beneficial in improving activities of daily living function when used to increase overall therapy time. We were not able to pool results for cognitive function, participation restriction, or quality of life. There was insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effect of virtual reality and interactive video gaming on gait speed, balance, participation, and quality-of-life. There were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. This review found that time since onset of stroke, severity of impairment, type of device (commercial or customised) were not strong influences of outcome.
 We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) comparing fluoroquinolones with ethambutol, isoniazid, levofloxacin, moxifloxain, gatifloxin, or ofloxazid for treating drug-sensitive TB. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found that there is insufficient evidence to be clear whether addition or substitution in the first-line regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases culture conversion at eight weeks. For death, sputum culture conversion, or serious side effects we do not know if there is an effect. Fluoroquinoleins may have little or no effect. No trials reported on treatment failure. More studies are needed.
