This is a summary of the results of CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung metastatic disease. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Calcified left hilar lymph nodes are noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There is no pericardial effusion. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
For findings in the neck, please see the separate CT soft tissue neck report dictated by the neuroradiology service. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse mild bronchiectasis, areas of mucus impaction, and bronchial wall thickening, consistent with large airways disease. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Severe aortic valvular calcifications. There is an independent origin of the left vertebral artery from the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review, which was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of 12/2020. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The heart is normal in size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The heart appears normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Heterogeneous and enlarged thyroid gland. For example there is a precarinal lymph node measuring 1.1 cm, stable in size and a right distal paratracheal lymph node weighing 1.4 cm. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to characterize. Status post cholecystectomy.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2013 and found that there is no evidence of an inflammatory process such as organizing pneumonia or NSIP, and are inconsistent with UIP. There is no honeycombing or significant reticulation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate hiatal hernia. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery originate from the aorta. No suspicious nodules or masses. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy.
This is a summary of the results of CT scans of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. The results of the CT scan showed that the heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. Stable bilateral pleural thickening, right greater than left, with adjacent round atelectasis. Nodularity and groundglass opacity in the right lung apex is gradually worsening since 7/8/2020. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymphadenopathy. The appearance is not typical for metastasis. No new thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a systematic review of clinical trials of people with COPD who have been treated for at least six months. The primary outcome is the size and shape of the heart and lungs. The heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion. No signs of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis and areas of mucoid impaction. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review, which was published in 2013. This updated version is up to date as of January 2015. The review includes four new images. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval resolution of right lower lobe consolidation/atelectasis and pleural effusion related to foreign body aspiration with re-expansion of the right upper lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Mild secretions within the trachea. Upper lobe predominant paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interject resolution of thoracic adenopathy, which is likely reactive. Scattered calcified granulomas. Stable sclerosis of the sternum is likely related to prior trauma. Upper Abdomen: Right hepatic cyst and other hypodensities, which are too small to describe. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This is a systematic review of the findings of this review. The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found that the following were found to be of interest:.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is mild bibasilar atelectasis. Sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 234 are seen. There is a left upper lobe calcified granuloma. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No mediastinal mass. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Mild hepatic steatosis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. In the upper breast, there is a right breast round calcification. Incidental note of 1.7 x 1.3 cm lobulated nodularity in the lower outer quadrant of left breast, could be asymmetric glandular tissue.
This is a summary of the results of an electronic search of the medical literature up to 2/6/2020. The search is up to date as of 5/22/2019. The results of this review are current to February 2019. We found that: 1. Chronic complete collapse of the right middle lobe, with secretions in the bronchus, new from prior exam (series 3, image 255). Chronic volume loss in the lower lobes as well, worse compared to prior exam. New groundglass opacity and interlobular septal thickening at the left lung base with patchy areas of groundglass thickness more superiorly in the left lower lobe (series 307). Persistent bronchiectasis and parenchymal destruction at the right lung base (series 313 and series 602, image 86). Worsening patchy groundglass opacities in the medial posterior right upper lobe. Trace right pleural effusion/thickening. No pneumothorax. 1.7 hypodense nodule in the thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Healed right-sided rib fractures are noted. Ultrasound and possible biopsy is recommended.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2014.
This is a systematic review of CT scans of the thoracic spine of patients with acute myocardial infarction. The main outcomes of interest are the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is an unchanged left lower lobe soft tissue mass measuring 5.8 x 3.7 cm (CC, AP, Trans), on series 5, image 131 and series 606, image 49. There is a stable narrowing of the left mainstem bronchus. There are multiple additional unchanged pulmonary nodules measuring up to 1.5 cm, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 286; and right upper lobe on the series 154. The left upper lobe postradiation changes are seen. Interval increased pleural effusions with stable pleural nodularity and 2 cm right pleural metastatic nodule on series 330. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are stably enlarged cardiophrenic nodes, measuring 1.8cm in short axis. Additionally, a right lower paratracheal node measures 1.1 cm, unchanged. A small hiatal hernia is stable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: The left superior scapular mass measures 3.6 x 2.4 cm, previously 2.2 cm, and there are multiple chest wall subcutaneous masses, some demonstrating interval growth, some measuring interval growth for instance an anterior scapulae mass. Stable left superior Scapular Mass: 3.1 x 2 cm.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review shows that there is no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent but less than 1 cm noncalcified and calcified mediastinal lymph nodes. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. Stable small left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis. No aggressive bone lesions. The aortic valvular leaflets of the aorta appear to be calcified, but there is mild calcification of the leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Status post median sternotomy and CABG with stable small fluid in the anterior mediastinus and pericardium.
This is an updated version of the original review, which was published in 2013. The review is up-to-date as of January 2015. The evidence is current to February 2015.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Severe centrilobular emphysema in the left lateral chest wall. Patchy opacities in the right lower lobe may be on the basis of pneumonia or aspiration. No pleural effusion. No extraluminal leak of contrast. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. Oral contrast has been administered and is seen layering in the gastric conduit. Increased number of subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes Subcarinal node measures up to 1 cm. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the blood vessels). Ascending aorta measures 42 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Trace right pneumothorax. Obliteration of the thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This review assesses the effects of radiation therapy on the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Thin-walled cyst in the left upper lobe (4:132). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable opacities along the right minor fissure, probably lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 41 mm, similar to prior. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cysts and other hypodensities too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. This updated version is up-to-date as of December 2017. The review includes a total of 12 studies, with a total number of 5,906 participants. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Sub-4 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, stable back to 5/2021 and stable going back to studies from December 2017, but the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion. The central pulmonary artery is normal in size. No new adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged left axillary lymph node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis diameter, compared to 1.3 cm on the prior exam. Calcified granulomas in the bilateral lower lobes. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Mild coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Incidental note is made of direct origin of the vertebral artery from aortic arch, a normal variant. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately.
This review shows that there is no evidence of a tumour on the diaphragm wall. There is persistent nodularity of the non membranous tracheal wall, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The patient is undergoing surgery to remove the liver, liver, and kidney. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Sclerotic foci in the right humeral head and T10 vertebral body are stable. The ascending thoracic aorta is aneurysmal to 4.2 cm. There are hepatic cysts and hypodensities too small to describe.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Postsurgical changes of the right breast and axilla.
This review assesses the effects of chronic small airway disease (MAI) on the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. Mild bibasilar atelectasis. There is mucus plugging within multiple middle and lower lobe distal bronchi. No pleuroparenchymal scarring is seen. There are scattered calcified granulomas. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion, but there are moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The evidence is current to August 2014. The evidence is up to date as of August 2015. Larger, more stable lung nodules have decreased in size compared to the prior study. The number of patchy groundglass nodules has increased, including new areas of involvement in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 214. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcifications throughout the hilar and mediastinal distributions. No new noncalcified adenopathy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes a new set of images. The original review was published in 2012. This update is up-to-date as of January 2015. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is persistent occlusion of the right upper lobe bronchus with mass occupying the entire right upper lung, worse compared to prior exam. There is new soft tissue opacity along the right middle lobe and lower lobe of the lung and nodular interlobular septal thickening, consistent with with lymphangitic spread of tumor. The previously noted layering right pleural effusion is now multiloculated and thick-walled with locules along the medial ends lateral pleura and within the fissures, may represent superimposed infection. There are new nodular and soft tissue infiltration of the left pericardial fat, favored to represent metastatic versus infectious involvement. The right hilum is obscured by mass/confluent adenopathy. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Lipoma in shoulder musculature can be noted. No pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: There are minimal atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The descending thoracic aorta is normal. No changes of the descending aortas. There was no change in the thickness of the blood vessels. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was stable or mildly enlarged extensive right paratracheal, subcarinal, and anterior mediastinal adenopaths. There were no changes in the right breast adenopathic. The breast is stable in size, but there is worsening right supraclavicular adenitis (series 3, image 22). There is stable right internal mammary malformation (series 4, image 23). There are stable small nodules in the left upper lung although evaluation of the abdomen is limited by significant respiratory motion artifact.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review includes the following information:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube in satisfactory position. Resolution of previously noted right hydropneumothorax. The right chest tube terminates at the right lung base. Two left chest tubes terminate at the apex. Two transesophageal tubes terminates in the stomach. No oral contrast is seen in the mediastinum or adjacent pleural space or lung (although presumably contrast was given by tube). Small hiatus hernia. No thoracic adenopathy. Subcutaneous emphysema along the right lateral chest wall has resolved. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tubes terminate in the upper abdomen. Insufficient evidence for abscess is limited in the absence of intravenous contrast.
The patient is status post thyroidectomy and aortic valve replacement. There is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lower lobe (3/40). Additional, scattered sub-4 mm nodules are seen. No focal consolidation is seen. Paraseptal emphysema is again noted. The central pulmonary artery is stably enlarged, suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Enlarged subaortic lymph node measuring 1.2 cm in short axis diameter (4/206), unchanged since 2017. Changes from prior lumpectomy noted in the left breast. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes are seen in the visualized spine. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Stable cardiomegaly. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This is a systematic review of clinical trials of people with advanced thoracic cancer. The primary outcome was the size of the lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the spine. A 1.1 cm left lower lobe nodule is unchanged compared to the prior study. There is chronic mucoid impaction and peribronchial consolidation in the left lower lobes which is similar to prior studies from 2021. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.5 cm in the axial plane. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Focal aneurysmal dilation of the descending aortic valve measuring up to 4.6 x 3.6 cm is present. Enlarged heterogeneous thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Central airways are clear. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes the results of an MRI of the abdomen. The results show that the heart and vessels are normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Stable small hiatal hernia. Coronary and aortic calcifications are present including valvular leaflets. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Scattered calcified granulomas again noted. Partially visualized anterior cervical fusion hardware and right shoulder arthroplasty. Bilateral gynecomastia. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are better delineated on recent MRI.
This is an updated version of the original review from March 2021. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusions or consolidations. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent bilateral axillary nodes similar to the study from March 2019. The dominant node on the right is slightly increased in size, measuring 1.8 cm, and the dominant nodes on the left measures 1.7 cm.
In this review, we found that there is no evidence that any of the major organs of the thoracic spine are affected by age-related degenerative changes. The following are the main findings: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Signs of airway disease including bronchial wall thickening and mild bronchiectasis with a lower lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No new consolidations. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. In the left lower lobe there are ill-defined centrilobular nodules in series 4 image 406 for example. The more diffuse groundglass opacities seen on the prior studies have resolved.
This is a summary of the results of CT scans of the upper and lower abdomen from the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Biapical scarring. Unchanged scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. No change in trace pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. Scattered foci of mucus plugging. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatal hernia in the right thyroid measuring up to 3.6 cm (4:48). Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Calcified aortic valve leaflets. Unstable subcutaneous nodule in the mid anterior chest wall, likely sebaceous cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2014. This updated review shows that the heart appears normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion. There is a small hiatal hernia. The left adrenal gland is unchanged from 2014. Mild secretions are seen in the distal right mainstem bronchus. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review found no significant change in the size of the lesions in the lungs. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No significant changes in mediastinal nodes, representative examples include AP window node measuring 1.4 x 1 cm (5:162), azygoesophageal recess node measuring 2.3 x 1.1 cm ( 5:234). Unchanged right hilar node measuring 3.7 mm (1.8 cm) (5,213). Other additional scattered pulmonary nodules in the bilateral lungs are unchanged. No pleural effusions. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separately dictated report of CT abdomen from the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No changes in stable sclerotic osseous metastases involving axial and appendicular skeleton. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This review found that there is no evidence of cancer in the lungs. There is persistent subpleural reticulation in the left upper lobe/lingula, likely due to radiation. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Sclerotic metastasis in T2 vertebral body is unchanged. A large hiatal hernia is noted. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to May 2014 and found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new and enlarging bronchiectasis or bronchial wall thickening with new right posterior basilar subsegmental atelectasis, which could be secondary to impacted airway. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. Coronary and aortic calcifications are present similar to prior. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus and mild calcification in the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cortical cysts. Mild mucus secretions in the left side of the carina. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 8 mm lower right paratracheal lymph node (4/215). Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the heart.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is normal. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. This updated review is up-to-date as of January 2014.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review, which was published in 2013. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Multiple stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm, for instance in the right upper lobe on series 5, image 212. No pleural effusion. Stable focal pleural thickening in the lingula (5/254), likely representing nonspecific pleural plaque similar to prior. No new thoracic adenopathy. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable anterior mediastinal 7 mm nodule No new thyroid lobe mass measuring approximately 3 cm is stable in size. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal. There are mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Refer to MRI abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, we found that there is evidence that the lungs and airways of people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease may be affected by narrowing of the airways. There is also evidence that there are scattered pulmonary cysts/blebs in the lungs. The airways are patent. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse interlobular septal thickening, and alveolar groundglass opacities are compatible with pulmonary edema. Sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules, for instance in the left upper lobe on series 5, image 141 are seen. No pleural effusion. The central pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged to 3.3 cm, may be seen in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is an enlarged lower paratracheal lymph node conglomerate, measuring 1.3cm in short axis, and containing a punctate calcification. Additionally, there is an enlargement of the right infrahilar node, measuring 2.2 cm, containing a coarse calcification, and there is a calcification within the left thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Extensive calcifications of the mitral annulus and mild calcification of the aortic valvular leaflets.. No pericardial effusion, but there are no aggressive bone lesions. The aorta is normal course and caliber. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. Stable scarring in the right lung apex: treated malignancy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The review found no evidence of new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Stable post radiation changes in the right upper lobe and perihilar region. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Mild biapical scarring. No new adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Similar amount of soft tissue opacity along the right hilum. Small hiatus hernia. Underlying centrilobular emphysema. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerotic lesion in T5 vertebral body.
This review shows that the tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Punctate calcifications in both breasts. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes a new set of images from a new study published in 2015. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The upper lobe of the lung is affected by emphysema. No pleural effusion. The airways are patent. There is a left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial atelectasis. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Nodular soft tissue densities in the thymic bed, likely representing hyperplasia.
This review compared the size and density of lung and airways, heart and vessels, and the size of the aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Multiple scattered bilateral pulmonary nodules overall decreased in size compared to study from June 2021. No new consolidations. No pleural effusion. The central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right rib fracture. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable punctate micronodule in the right upper lobe (5:125). Mild subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Diffuse osseous metastatic disease. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Portions of the esophagus are patulous.
This review shows that post radiotherapy changes in the left upper lobe of the thyroid gland are stable. There is a mild enlargement of the superior segment of thyroid gland (5/194), previously measured 6 mm. Worsening of nodularities in the right upper lobe and redemonstration of septal thickening in the lower lobe. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 8.5 mm lower right paratracheal lymph node. The included thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. This updated version is up to date as of January 2014. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura/Lymph nodes: Stable 1.3 cm paratracheal lymph node (series 4, image 218). Otherwise, no thoracic adenopathy. There is a new 1.0 cm irregular nodule in the azygos esophageal recess of the right lower lobe. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Small amount of pericardial fluid posteriorly. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Interval increase in size of 2.1 cm sclerotic lesion in the T6 vertebral body. Small hiatal hernia. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The review includes the results from July 2021. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Clusters of micronodules in the left upper and lower lobes (5:199, 236, 236), favored related to airways disease. Stable left upper lobe nodules noted on July 2021 examination have resolved. Mild biapical scarring, improved from prior exam. Mild interlobular septal thickening and improved from previous examination. No enlarging nodes. LAD stent. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left supraclavicular nodes measure up to 1 cm. Increased number of subcentimeter mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes, similar to prior exam, but no enlarging of lymph nodes. Obstructive scarring of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial and left ventricular enlargement. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Left chest wall ICD leads terminate in the right atrium and right ventricle. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC/right atrial junction. The left subventricular apex infarct has resolved. The upper abdominal wall is reported separately. Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through.
In this review we found that there is a spiculated mass in the right upper lobe of the lungs that partially encases the right mainstem bronchus. There are additional nodules in the upper and middle lobes measuring up to 1.0 cm, for example on series 4, image 78 and 229. The main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged measuring 3.4 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Moderate atherosclerotic aortic and coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: [Intravenous contrast limits evaluation for lymphadenopathy, particularly in the region of the right hilar mass]. However, there are right paratracheal and subcarinal lymph nodes measuring 1.2 cm and a prominent left supraclavicular lymph node measuring 9 mm. The partially visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Nodularity of the left adrenal gland. Upper Abdomen: Redemonstration of bilateral nonobstructing renal calculi on the left. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema. Extension of soft tissue/consolidation along the right major fissure may represent postobstructive pneumonia.
This review assesses the effects of surgery to repair the right upper and middle lobes of the thoracic spine. Post surgical changes consistent with prior mitral and aortic valve repair. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Stable cardiac size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aorta. No aggressive bony lesions. No consolidations. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is a summary of the results of a systematic review of CT scans of the thoracic spine. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The 5 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 5 image 342 is unchanged. There is an enlarging tubular nodule adjacent to this nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. No adenopathy by CT size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval enlargement of the right superior mediastinal lymph node measuring up to 9 mm short axis previously measured 6 mm at this level. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020. New 5 mm soft tissue attenuation nodule is in the right back subcutaneous fat. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to May 2014 and found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening and foci of distal mucoid impaction (for example right lower lobe 5:286). No pleural effusion. New tree-in-bud nodules in the right upper lobe and right middle lobe. Stable left upper lobe 3 mm nodule (5:168). St stable left lower lobe 1 cm groundglass opacities. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aortic arch). Stable right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Osteotomy in the left humeral head. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Prior left hemithyroidectomy. No enlarging of lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries (normal variant). Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Coronary artery calcifications are present. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable L1 compression fracture. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review, which was last updated in 2013. The review shows that there is no evidence of age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. Mild bronchiectasis. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. We found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Stable post surgical changes consistent with prior right upper lobectomy. The patchy groundglass in the right lower lobe described on the prior study has resolved. The 1.2 cm groundglass nodule in the lingula in series 4 image 289 is unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic annulus. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema with large apical bullae. Stable right upper lobe 13 x 9 mm nodule (3:126); this nodule was previously biopsied and demonstrated benign pathology. The left upper lobe nodule measures 9 x 4 mm, mildly decreased from prior exam (was 10 x 6 mm; 4:119). Stable 5 mm left apical nodule. Mucoid impaction in the posterior upper lobe (4:114) has resolved and probably represented mucoid implantation. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Small hiatus hernia. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review, which was published in 2007. This updated version is based on a new set of images. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review found that there is severe cystic and varicoid bronchiectasis, similar in severity and distribution to prior exam. Some of the disease has progressed, for example in the left lower lobe. Multiple scattered foci of tree-in-bud opacities consistent with small airways disease are also noted. Patchy opacity in the right upper lobe is new since prior exam (4:134). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Conglomerate mediastinal adenopathy measuring up to 2.2 cm, likely reactive. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive appearing bone lesions. Coarse calcifications in both breasts. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mitral annular calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Multiple vertebral hemangiomata versus osteopenia. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. This review shows that the main pulmonary artery is dilated in the left lower lobe of the left chest wall. There are chronic peripheral consolidations in the right middle and lower lobes with trace pleural effusion. A 1 cm right thyroid nodule is again noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy is identified. A mild compression fracture of T6 vertebral body is stable. Extensive collateral vessels are seen throughout the left breast wall. The main pulmonary arteries are dilated suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Some scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules are not definitively seen on prior examinations. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura/Lymph nodes: Confluent tissue opacity surrounding the right hilum as on prior exam. Significant interval worsening of groundglass opacities in all lobes with new dense consolidation in the right upper lobe. Stable right middle lobe nodularity. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Small pericardial fluid. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2009.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes a new set of scans of the thoracic spine. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Signs of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis and multiple areas of mucoid impaction. Scattered pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the right lower lobe in series 3 image 328. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. No consolidations. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See recently dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is a summary of the results of the CABG. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Few scattered cysts are seen in the right lung lower lobe. Central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No acute abnormality. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Minimally displaced fracture involving anterior aspect of right seventh rib. Nondisplaced buckle fracture of the mid cortex of right sixth rib.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from the published up to May 2014. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pericardial effusion. Bilateral symmetric, mostly central, groundglass opacities are noted with areas of greater consolidation in both upper lobes. Sclerotic lesion in T10 vertebral body, probably a bone island. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal nodes measuring up to 12 mm, probably on the basis of congestion. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial enlargement. Ascending aorta measures 45 mm. Mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scans of the thoracic spine. The main findings of this review are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No abnormalities in the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prevascular mediastinal node measuring up to 1.1 cm short axis in series 3 image 80. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Benign-appearing lucent lesions in the left third rib for example. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening with foci of mucoid impaction (for example lingula 4:242). Right upper lobe 5 mm groundglass nodule (4:85). Scattered calcified granulomata. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Large amount of thrombus in the right internal jugular vein, partially imaged. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes data from a total of 12 patients. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 3 mm left upper lobe nodule since 2019 (3:212). Superior segment left lower lobe opacity, likely small scar, unchanged since 2019. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. No pericardial effusion. Atrophic thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Status post stents in the LAD and LCx.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from clinical trials of people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) who have been admitted to a hospital for atelectasis. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. A right chest tube enters at the seventh/eighth intercostal space. The tip terminates anteriorly in the region of the right middle lobe paramediastinal region. A very small right anteriorly layering pneumothorax is present (maximum 6 mm air gap on axial images). There is minimal right pleural fluid. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Punctate calcified granuloma in the liver. A left apex 3 mm groundglass nodule, likely postinfectious or postinflammatory in etiology (3:91).
This review assesses the effects of radiation therapy on the lungs, heart and vessels of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large degree of right lower lobe collapse. Subsegmental atelectasis at the left lower lobe. Small right and trace left pleural effusions. No significant change in size or distribution of pulmonary metastases. The metastases demonstrate increased cavitation consistent with response to treatment (for example right upper lobe 3: 199,221; left upper lobe 4: 138; left lower limb 3:195). No groundglass opacities to suggest pneumonitis. Pneumobilia. Upper abdominal ascites: Extensive hepatic metastatic disease. Worsening anasarca. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral annular calcification. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Status post right breast surgery and right axillary lymph node dissection.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. This update is up-to-date as of July 2019.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing the size and shape of the thoracic aorta, the heart, the lungs, the airways, the stomach, the thyroid gland, and the heart and vessels. The primary outcome of this review is the size of the aortic artery and the thickness of the distal esophageal wall. The secondary outcome is the level of scarring in the left and right lower lobe of the heart. This review shows that there is some remaining scarring of the left lower lobe in the prior area of consolidation including a 7 mm nodule and a 1.3 cm nodule in the right upper lobe. No new lymph nodes or thyroid gland nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The heart and vessel size is normal. The right-sided chest port with a catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction is still in place. Traces of pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are present in the coronary artery. The thyroid gland and thyroid gland have decreased in size compared to the study from November 2020.
This is a systematic review of the evidence for the size and shape of the extrapleural space in the thoracic spine. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The 1 cm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 283 is unchanged compared with the most recent study and is stable in size going back to study from December 2020. There are associated enlarged airways. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Calcification of the aortic valve. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
In this review, we examined the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Bilateral dependent consolidative opacities with air bronchograms appear slightly heterogeneous are suggestive of aspiration/pneumonia. The endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic trachea. Central airways are patent. No effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Portions of the bilateral lower ribs are not visualized on the CT chest or CT abdomen/pelvis examination. Within this limitation, no acute fracture is identified. Multiple old left rib fracture deformities are present.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No evidence of pulmonary contusion. Central airways are patent. Central height loss of the T4 and T5 vertebral bodies appear chronic. No acute compression fracture deformity. There is mild soft tissue stranding of the left 3-4, 4-5 and 5-6 intercostal rib spaces, which is likely posttraumatic. The lower thoracic ribs are either only partially visualized or not visualized. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2009. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are scattered sub-6 mm pulmonary nodules, for example a left upper lobe nodule measuring 5 mm seen on series 4 image 114. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated CT abdomen for subdiaphragmatic findings.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2013 and found no evidence of air trapping or tracheobronchomalacia. No evidence of interstitial lung disease was found. The heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Calcified granuloma in the right hepatic lobe. Mild reticulations in the left lower lobe favored to represent scarring (remote previous pulmonary embolism in that area). No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatus hernia. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the heart). Calcification of the aorta measures 38 mm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis.
This is a summary of the results of the radiographic examination of the thoracic spine. The main findings of this review are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bilateral subsegmental dependent atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No dominant mass lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
In this review, we found that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Enlarged heterogeneous thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is a systematic review of the findings of the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review includes a total of five studies, with a total number of 4,906 participants. The main outcomes of interest are the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is stable volume loss of the left lung, with extensive fibrotic changes in the left apex, including left upper lobe cavitation. However, there is interval worsening in left basilar consolidative opacities. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. There is right apical pleuroparenchymal scarring. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes. The thyroid is heterogeneous. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the blood vessels). Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Scattered calcified granulomas are seen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This is an updated version of a previous review of an earlier version of this review. This updated version shows that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis MRI report.
In this review, we found that there were no new noncalcified pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe of the thoracic spine. However, there was a 4 mm left upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 253 which is unchanged going back to study from November 2014. This lesion also involves the mediastinum and lymph nodes. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Small pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Scattered calcified granulomas. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cyst. Post surgical changes consistent with prior cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review, which was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2013. The review includes a total of five images. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases. Mild bronchiectasis with a lower lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. This update is up to date as of 1/26/2020. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the left lower lobe on series 5, image 191 are unchanged. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is a stable 1.1 cm left axillary node. Approximately 2 cm left thyroid heterogeneous nodule is stable. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Moderate coronary calcifications. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus. Epicardial wires are seen. Status post CABG, and TAVR. Lower Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Status after sternotomy.
In this review, we found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Bilateral dependent consolidations and volume loss. Small right and trace left-sided pleural effusions. Overall decrease in consolidations compared to study from September 2021. No pneumothorax. Tracheostomy in place. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Post surgical changes consistent with prior CABG. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an update of a previous study from August 2021. This updated study is based on a new set of scans from August 2019. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Dependent atelectasis in the lower lobes and along the fissure in the left upper lobe. Patchy airspace opacities in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 165 for example. New moderate bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Ascending aorta measures up to 4 cm in the axial plane. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aort. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. New large pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review published in 2013. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. The review includes a total of 13 images. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Moderate-sized hiatal hernia. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the heart, lungs, and lymph nodes of patients with metastatic breast cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a slightly increased right small-to-moderate pleural effusion with adjacent round consolidation, likely atelectasis. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Hilar lymph nodes up to 1.4 cm and mediastinal lymph nodes 1.0 cm, similar to prior. Heart and Vessels: Right chest port with the distal tip terminating in the superior right atrium. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There are mild coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Diffuse sclerotic foci in the bones, consistent with cancer.
This is a summary of the results of the review of CT scans of the thoracic spine. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. Multiple pulmonary nodules bilaterally, most of which are less than 4 mm. Clustered centrilobular nodules in the upper lobes bilaterally. Some of these nodules are also likely related to mucoid impaction, including in the right upper lobe in image 116. No consolidations to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Calcification of the aortic annulus. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques. Stable 3 mm right upper lobe nodule (5:166). No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable scattered sclerotic foci, probably bone islands. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is a summary of the results of the radiographic examination of the thoracic spine. The main findings of this review are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. No consolidations. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There is a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast in series 5 image 221.
In this review, we found that the heart appears normal in size. There are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. There is a new spiculated solid nodule in the left upper lobe 1.3 cm with surrounding groundglass opacity, series 4 image 71. In the left lung, there are stable nodules a 0.7 cm and 1.2 cm nodule, and in the right upper lobe 0.9 cm and 0.5 cm. In both lungs there are extensive other sub-5 mm nodules throughout the lungs. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: [Mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.1 cm is grossly stable. Hilar lymph nodes are difficult to evaluate due to noncontrast study. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. A calcification is seen on the left breast. The aorta and aortic artery appear to be normal. Lower Abdomen: There are subcentimeter retroperitoneal lymph nodes.
This review found that the right middle lobe of the lung remains stable. No new or enlarging lung nodule is identified. There is a 1.6 cm left thyroid nodule. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Sclerotic lesions in the right second rib are stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the diaphragm. The scan shows that the left subpectoral lymphadenopathy is stable, measuring up to 1.0 cm (image 54, series 5). No axillary, mediastinal, or hilar lymphadonopathy is identified. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. A trace right pleural effusion is noted.
This review assesses the effects of cholecystectomy on the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The cavitary lesion in the right apex is unchanged in size going back to study from July 2021 but has progressed compared to the study from October 2020. There is increasing dependent consolidations throughout the right lung which extend inferiorly from this lesion. Severe centrilobular emphysematous changes throughout the lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new pulmonary nodules. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Extensive soft plaques throughout the aorta including a stable focal aneurysm of aortic arch measuring up to 4 cm in diameter. There are multiple calcifications and a fluid level within this calcified aortus. There was no evidence of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Stable dilation of the common bile duct. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the thoracis spine. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecysectomy. Normal thyroid.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The main findings of this review are that there is no evidence of any new or enlarging lung nodule or lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT.
This is an updated version of a previous review. This is an update of the original review published in 2009. This updated review is based on a recent Abdomen/Pelvis CT report. The main findings of this review are that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a recent report.
This review found no evidence of interstitial disease. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bony lesions. The heart and vessels: Stable postoperative changes consistent with prior heart transplant. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aort. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. Linear bands of soft tissue dependently which may represent atelectasis or scarring. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Mild air trapping on the expiratory images.
This is a systematic review of the outcomes of patients with aortic valve replacement and left atrial appendage ligation. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic trachea. The central airways are patent. There is a moderate right and small left, partially loculated pleural effusion. No definite pneumothorax. There are overlying consolidative opacities with air bronchograms that most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis, however component of aspiration /consolidation is not excluded due to scattered right greater than left ground glass and postoperative hemorrhagic collection which measures up to 2.5 cm in transverse dimension. A third anterior mediastinal chest tube is directed cephalad and has a right intrapleural course, terminating in the right lateral pleura. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Postoperative fat stranding is postoperative. Mildly prominent lymph nodes are reactive. No aggressive osseous lesion. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Median sternotomy wires are not displaced. Ventral soft tissue stranding and coxa varus postoperative are present. Heart and Vessels: Status post atrial valve replacement. The left atrium appears dilated. A small pericardial effusion of simple fluid. Retained epicardial pacers.
This is a systematic review of the findings of this review. The review authors searched the medical literature up to May 2013 and identified the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No evidence of aspiration or pneumothorax. Central airways are patent. Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the thoracic trachea. The ascending aorta measures up to 3.8 cm, mildly ectatic. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears normal in size. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen in setting of hypertension. The liver appears slightly lobular in contour. The spleen appears top normal to mildly enlarged. Enteric tube is present within the gastric lumen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No aggressive osseous lesion identified. Prominent bilateral gynecomastia noted. Mild anterior wedging of the C6 vertebral body is partially visualized.
In this review, we found that there is extensive thickening of the bronchiolar and bronchial wall which may be related to bronchitis and/or asthma. There is a 3 mm pulmonary nodule within the left upper lobe as seen on image 198, series 3. The lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions. No obvious fluid collections around the esophagus. No extravasated oral contrast is identified to suggest ongoing perforation. No holdup of contrast is seen at the gastroesophageal junction. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta, which incidentally displays a two vessel branch pattern. The left hepatic artery is replaced to the left aort. Upper Abdomen: Focal fatty infiltration is noted adjacent to the falciform ligament. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of an earlier version of this review, which was published in 2010. This updated version is up to date as of January 2013. The review includes the following images:. Chest: The endotracheal tube terminates 1.8 cm from the carina. The heart size is normal. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. There are calcified mediastinal and bilateral hilar nodes, compatible with sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present. The pericardial effusion is present. Lung: The lungs are covered with a layer of thickening and associated groundglass airspace opacities, which are compatible with superimposed pulmonary edema. The left upper lobe of the lungs is covered by a thin layer of septal thickening, which is compatible with sepsis. The upper abdomen: The abdomen and pelvis are dictated under a separate accession number. No aggressive lesion is identified. Bone and soft tissue: No aggressive lesions are identified.
This review of CT scans shows that the right upper lobe of the heart is stably enlarged. There is no pericardial effusion. The left lower lobe atelectasis has increased, with an interval increase in leftward shift of the mediastinum. There are trace bilateral pleural effusions. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The heart size is stable. The right renal cyst is partially visualized, better characterized on recent CT abdomen pelvis. No axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy is noted.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy. The heart size is normal status post aortic valve repair. A 6 mm groundglass left upper lobe nodule is unchanged (image 20, series 5). Other scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules are also unchanged. A 2.6 cm hypoattenuating right thyroid nodule remains unchanged. There is no pericardial effusion. The periportal edema is likely related to patient's hydration status. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There are trace bilateral pleural effusions. Dependent and subsegmental atelectasis noted in the lingula and bilateral lower lobes. No axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. Upper abdomen: Right renal cyst is partially visualized.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review found that there is no evidence of an increase in the size of the heart. The heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. There are two small pleural effusions in the chest and one in the upper abdomen. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There was no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. Periportal edema is unchanged.
This is an update of the original review published in 2002. The review found that the heart is normal size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a granuloma in the left lower lobe of no clinical significance. The visible portion of the spleen is prominent but not pathologically enlarged. The right kidney is normal. There are exophytic renal cysts on the left kidney. No additional focal hepatic lesions. The left adrenal gland, not definitely changed in size since 2002, which is reassuring. This lesion did not show increased uptake on PET/CT June 2012. There was a cyst in the pancreatic parenchyma, which did not change in size. There were no additional focal lymph nodes in the lymph nodes. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is a dense atherosclerotic calcification of the coronary arteries. The abdominal aorta is present in the proximal abdominal cavity, but the visible portions of the hollow viscera are unremarkable. The liver is normal and the liver does not have any additional focal liver lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is no axillary, hilar, or mediastinal lymph nodes, but there is an indeterminate 1.6 cm lesion in the right adrenal glands, which may or may not have changed since 2002. It is unclear whether this lesion has increased in size or not. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are degenerative changes of the shoulders. There a numerous lytic lesions in the sternum, which demonstrates cortical irregularity and step-off suggesting old fractures. There has been a new thickening of soft tissue thickening measuring up to 7 cm transverse by 3.7 cm AP by 8.2 cm CC surrounding the sternal manubrium up to 2018 with inflammatory fat stranding. We found that there is mild kyphosis of the thoracic spine.
This is a systematic review of the results of the radiographic examination of the diaphragm and thoracic lymphadenopathy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The results of this review show that there is a stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe. Mild emphysema is present. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. A new small left pleural effusion is present in the left upper lobe. There is no evidence of an aggressive lesion in the upper arm. T12 compression fracture with associated vertebroplasty material is unchanged.
In this review, we assessed the effects of age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. We found that: 1. Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 2. Stable scattered pulmonary nodules including a 4 mm left lower lobe nodule in series 4 image 409. 3. Increasing periaortic adenopathy measuring up to 1.3 cm short axis. There are also increasingly prominent but subcentimeter left axillary and subpectoral lymph nodes. 4. Increasing subcarinal lymph nodes measuring 1.6 and meter short axis and increasing the size of multiple right axillary lymph nodes, for example a subpartoral lymph node measuring 0.8 cm at this level. 5. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a stable enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, measuring 3.2 cm, in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension. The airways are patent. There is no significant air trapping on expiratory series. No pericardial effusion. Bilateral lower lobe predominant subpleural fine reticulations, associated with mild traction bronchiectasis without honeycombing, in a pattern similar to possible UIP. A patch of groundglass in the right base (5/392) does not dominate the principle finding of reticulation. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: There are severe coronary calcifications. Biventricular AICD is seen. Status post CABG. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was an unchanged fat-containing 1.4 cm lower paratracheal node. Status after sternotomy. Upper Abdomen: The left adrenal gland is stable. There was a stable nodularity of the left adrenals gland. There were multiple healing rib fractures. The heart and vessels are stable. No aggressive bone lesion.
In this review, we assessed the effects of postoperative surgery on the thoracic spine. We found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable cyst in the left lower lobe with associated small airway findings. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Retrocrural adenopathy entering up to 1.4 cm short axis in series 3 image 460 is unchanged compared to prior studies. There is decreased soft tissue thickening along the suture line in the right. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Small hiatal hernia. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review of the review found that there is evidence that the heart is enlarged. There is no pericardial effusion. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle is hypoattenuation of the blood pool, compatible with anemia. The heart size is enlarged and there is no evidence of an aggressive osseous lesion. The abdomen and pelvis are described under a separate accession number. The examination of the abdomen and the pelvis is dictated by a separate set of criteria. The results of this review show that there are two types of emphysema: upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysesma, and lower lobe predominant atelectasis. There are groundglass airspace opacities in the left upper lobe. Dependent atelectasia is noted in the right lower lobe. No aggressive lesion is identified. No axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes three new studies comparing the size and shape of the thoracic aorta, the left upper lobe of the lungs, and the upper abdominal organs. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Normal thyroid size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lytic bony lesions in the T3, T4, and T6 vertebral bodies which have increased in size compared to study from July 2021. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to 1/23/2020 and found one new study published up to January 2019. This updated version of this review is up-to-date as of February 2019.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are stable postradiation changes to the right upper and middle lobes. There is mild upper lobe predominant paraseptal emphysema, and scattered cysts. Again seen are basilar predominant reticulations, and groundglass opacities, compatible with fibrotic interstitial lung disease. The airways are patent. There are trace pleural effusions, unchanged. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Calcification of the posterior mitral annulus is noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Right interlobar and subcarinal calcified lymph nodes, similar to prior, likely granulomatous in nature. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland: There is an unchanged 9 mm hypodense nodule in the right thyroid gland, and a small hiatal hernia. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
This review assesses the effects of age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. Scattered calcified granulomas. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcified lymph nodes in the right hilum and subcarinal distribution. Intramuscular lipomas in the left shoulder musculature, a benign finding. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Normal thyroid. Routine age- related degenerative change throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral partially visualized hydronephrosis. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to September 2019 and found one new study that met the inclusion criteria for this review. This study was conducted in September 2019. The review found that there is a collection of debris in the right lower lobar bronchus and series 5 image 271 with debris extending into several segmental and subsegmental branches. This finding is unchanged compared to the study from September 2021 but is new compared to prior studies. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Stable biapical scarring. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracis spine. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable.
The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.3 cm which is larger than the aorta at this level. There is also dilation of the lobar and segmental pulmonary arteries. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bony lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healing left-sided rib fractures.
This is a systematic search of the medical literature for images of lung nodules that have been found in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The search is up to date as of January 2015. The search identified four images of CPD. The images show that there is no evidence of lung cancer. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are noted. No aggressive lesion is seen.
This is an updated version of a previously published MRI of the diaphragm. In this updated version, we found that there is no evidence of an aggressive lesion in the right lower lobe of the right paratracheal artery. There is also no evidence that the right subclavian artery is blocked. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy.
This is a systematic review of the findings of this review. The review found that the heart appears to be normal in size. There is a calcified nodule in the left thyroid gland. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. There are degenerative changes of the spine. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy per size criteria. Minimal bibasilar atelectasis is seen. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Three vessel coronary artery calcification.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes a new set of images from a new study published in 2015. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Post surgical changes consistent with prior right middle lobectomy. Stable septal thickening and linear scarring in the right lower lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: The mixed lytic and sclerotic bony lesion involving the right fifth rib in series 5 image 220 for example is unchanged. There is no new bony lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Left-sided biventricular ICD in place. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2009. This updated version is up to date as of January 2013.
This is a summary of the findings of a CT scan of the abdomen of a woman with advanced breast cancer. The CT scan shows that there is no evidence of cancer of the breast. There are scattered densities in the bilateral breasts, similar to prior, consider mammography if clinically warranted as there are no mammography at this institution. There is no new or enlarging lymph nodes. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions are identified. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta and aortic vessels appear to be normal. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the heart and vessels. The lungs and airways/Pleura: There is bibasilar atelectasis/scarring, mostly on the left, mostly in the lungs, and there are scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. No lymph nodes are seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy per size criteria. The lymph nodes appear normal. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the left lower lung and the right upper lung. Heart and Vessels: There is a right chest port with the distal tip terminating in the mid to distal SVC. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There is three-vessel coronary artery calcification. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions are identified. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. However, there is a poorly defined 1.8 cm lesion arising from the left thyroid gland. The central airways are patent. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are diffuse osseous metastatic disease with pathologic rib fractures. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2013 and found that the following were found: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a stable sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right upper lobe, series 5 image 207. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased conspicuity of subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes, possibly conglomerate left of the trachea, similar to prior. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are stable sclerotic lesions in T1 and T10 vertebral bodies. There is stable lesion at the level of T10 that expands the foramen and measures 2.1 cm Hounsfield unit 7, likely representing a perineural cyst. Upper Abdomen: There was a small hiatal hernia. Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings.
This is an updated version of a previous review. This is an update of an earlier version of this review. The review shows that the esophagus is distended with fluid, predisposing to aspiration. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2013 and found that the following were found: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There is no pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Bilateral shoulder arthroplasties. Heterogeneous left thyroid gland with a nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size, also seen in 2013. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy with dilatation of the common bile duct. Right renal cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2014. The review includes a total of 12 images of the thoracic spine, which includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The right middle and bilateral lower lobes are consolidated with loculations of air that may represent multiple cavitary lesions or necrotic pneumonia. In the aerated upper lobes, there are several cavitary pulmonary nodules. Small bilateral pneumothoraces with chest tubes in place. Chest tube tips are in the apical pleural space. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. The left-sided central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. Right IJ ECMO cannula and partially visualized right intravenous cannula.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review, which was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of November 7, 2020. Larger, better-quality images are available for this review. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a new sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right middle lobe, previously 1.0 cm. No pleural effusions. There are multiple subcentimeter mediastinal and axillary lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy per size criteria. There is an os acromiale on the right. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The airways are patent. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a systematic review of CT scans of the diaphragms of patients with acute atelectasis of the lungs. No pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax is identified. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. A small hiatal hernia is noted. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. Minimal aortic atherosclerotic calcifications were seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy was identified.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2013. This updated version is up to date as of January 2015. The review includes the following images:. Chest: There are scattered calcified granulomas in the right upper lobe. No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. There is a 1.0 cm right posterior paratracheal node (image 106, series 3), nonspecific. No axillary adenopathy is seen. The heart size is enlarged. The liver again demonstrates nodular contour and enlarged caudate lobe. There was no pericardial effusion. There are three-vessel coronary calcification. The bones and soft tissue: There is scattered sclerotic lesions in the visualized osseous structures, compatible with osseus metastases.
This is a systematic review of clinical trials of people with thoracic adenopathy. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No small nodules. Central airways are clear. No pneumothorax. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques including plaques along the diaphragm. Trace left-sided pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aort. No pericardial effusion or atelectasis in the left lower lobe. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes. No consolidations. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See recently dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. This updated version is up to date as of January 2013. The review includes a total of 14 images. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung is normal in size. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Large partially right renal mass is partially imaged. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the upper abdomen and upper heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is apical lung scarring. A cyst is seen in the right lower lobe. There is large airways disease. No new or enlarging nodules are seen. No pleural effusions are identified. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are subcentimeter axillary, mediastinal, and hilar lymph nodes that are grossly similar to prior. There are fluid collections along the subscapularis muscle measuring 4.5 cm, previously 3.6 m, and biceps muscle measuring 2.5cm, Hounsfield unit 11 and 17, without hyperemic borders. No aggressive bone lesions are found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta and coronary artery calcifications are normal. There were no calcifications in the coronary artery. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones were found. Scattered sclerotic densities likely reflect bone islands. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. There was a stable hemangioma in the vertebral body of T8.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the upper abdomen. The main findings of this review are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is increased prominence of a left lower lobe spiculated lesion measuring up to 0.8 cm, for instance in the right lower lobe, series 5 image 234. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are mediastinal lymph nodes measuring 1.1 cm, grossly similar to prior. There is some lingular atelectasis. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Increased prominence of lytic lesions in the spine with cortical breakthrough, among other sites the spine. Unclear to differentiate between degenerative changes, but a few of these lesions are suspicious.
This is a systematic review of the imaging of the thoracic spine to determine whether there are any changes in the size, shape, or shape of the abdominal organs. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review of CT scans of the lungs, heart and vessels found that the lungs are stable and the heart is stably enlarged. The heart is stable. There is no evidence that the aorta is affected. The aortic valve is stable and there are no signs of pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. There are new sclerotic densities along the left 3-6 ribs. The thyroid gland is stable, and there is stable subcentimeter hypodensities in the left thyroid gland. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: A right chest port distal tip terminates in the distal SVC. The left atrium has a normal course and caliber of the atria. The coronary artery measures 3.0 cm, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Pulmonary artery measures 2.5 cm, and the coronary artery is normal. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is a likely hemangioma in the T3 vertebral body that extends into the spinal canal measuring 0.7 cm and causing mild stenosis of the central canal, could reflect degenerative changes versus possible meningioma.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the abdomen/pelvis. The results of this review are up to date as of January 2017. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent stable scarring in the right middle lobe. Stable scattered up to 3 mm nodules. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Status post bilateral mastectomy with implant reconstruction.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Stable 6 mm right upper lobe nodule (4:79). No new or enlarging nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Visualized thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: Status post right nephrectomy. Biopsy clip in the left breast. Right axillary biopsy clip.
This is a summary of the results of the CABG (cardiac angioplasty) and CT scan of the upper abdomen/pelvis obtained the same day after the operation. The results show that there is a small pericardial effusion. There is mucus plugging within bilateral lower lobe bronchi. No central pulmonary embolism is seen. Endotracheal tube is in place. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Antidependent pneumopericardium, compatible with the early postoperative status, has been placed. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Status post sternotomy.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes information on the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Status post resection of the superior segment of the right lower lobe and right upper lobe wedge resection. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Stable 1.5 cm ground glass nodule in the left lower lobe. There is no associated soft tissue component on mediastinal windows. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Mild biapical scarring. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Small hiatus hernia. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Right lateral breast 9 mm lesion, may represent normal preserved tissue. Correlate with scheduled mammogram.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Post radiation changes in the left upper lobe. There are surrounding tree-in-bud opacities throughout the lungs consistent with airways disease. Stable right upper lobe 2.3 cm groundglass nodule. Additional scattered stable nodules including a 5 mm left lower lobe nodule (5:335). Aorta and aortic valve calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable soft tissue opacity at the left hilum. Calcifications and/or biopsy clips in both breasts. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: St stable T12 vertebral body compression fracture.
This is a systematic review of CT scans of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules are seen, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 5, image 194. Nodules were not definitely seen on prior thick-section CT. There is bibasilar atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction (for example right lower lobe 3:299). Mild decrease in right upper lobe consolidation in an area of prior fungal pneumonia. Previously noted left upper lobe 1 cm nodule has resolved. No pericardial effusion. Stable left lower lobe consolidation/scarring. Additional stable nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Older left anterior fourth rib fracture. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review found no new enlarging or enlarging of the lungs. No pleural effusions. Lateral right middle lobe mucous plugging with associated atelectasis. No pericardial effusion. Emphysema. Stable right lower lobe paravertebral scarring. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes the following information:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Status post right lower lobectomy. Stable 1.3 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (3:34). No new nodules. No pleural effusion. Mild bronchiectasis. Pneumobilia may be related to prior surgery, stable. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the airway). An additional subpleural groundglass (subpleural) nodule, present since at least 2010 is mildly more conspicuous on this exam which may be due to technical differences; there is no associated solid component on mediastinal windows. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodules are noted in the right lung (right upper lobe 6 mm, 3:138; 6 mm 4:154; 4 mm 3:146). Additional stable micronodules (1-2 mm) in the left lung (left lower lobe 4 mm, 2:330; 3 mm, 4:227; left upper lobe 3 mm; 3:123). Other stable nodules are also noted. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings of the CT scan of the upper abdomen. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a stable 6 mm pulmonary nodule in the left apex of the lung. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are stable subcentimeter mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Three-vessel coronary artery calcification is seen. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Slight interval increase in metastatic disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebral body from 0.7 cm to 1.2 cm, series 5 image 172.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review.
This is a summary of the results of the post-surgical examination of the heart, lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Upper lobe predominant airspace opacities are seen, mostly in a peribronchovascular distribution. There are mucous secretions within the proximal trachea. There is a trace left pleural effusion. A right subclavian catheter terminates in the right axilla. Status post aortic valve repair. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Status after thyroidectomy. Heart and Vessels: There is biatrial enlargement. Hypoattenuation of the blood pool, is compatible with anemia. Upper Abdomen: An enteric tube terminates within the stomach. Status following sternotomy.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. The review includes a total of six images. The main findings are as follows:. The heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. There are scattered pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm, in the chest. The central airways are patent. Mild biapical scarring is present. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Upper abdomen: There is interval placement of the stents in the celiac artery, partially visualized.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes a new set of images, which includes a total of four new images. The main findings are as follows:. Chest: A 2 mm nodule along the left major fissure is unchanged (image 268, series 4), likely an intraparenchymal node. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The heart size is normal. Multiple left thyroid nodules are unchanged, measuring up to 1.8 cm. A calcified granuloma is again noted in the right lower lobe. Scattered thin-walled cysts are again noted, suggestive of lymphangioleiomyomatosis. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. There was no new pericardial effusion. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable sub 4-mm nodules, including a 3 mm nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe of thyroid gland, are stable dating back to at least 2015. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No significant coronary artery calcifications. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unchanged left renal cyst with punctate calcification.
This is a summary of the results of this review. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction (for example in the right middle lobe 5:279 and lingula 5:253). Underlying mild emphysema. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thicknessening.
This review assesses the appearance of the lungs/airways/Pleura/Lungs/Airways and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes. Status post left lower lobectomy. No new or enlarging nodules. No aggressive bone lesions. The appearance of lungs is stable since May 2021. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Trace right pleural effusion. Small hiatus hernia. Small pericardial fluid. Mild aortic calcifications. Ascending aorta measures 35 mm. Hemangioma in T9 vertebral body. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
For findings in the neck, please see the separate CT soft tissue neck report dictated by the neuroradiology service. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is edema of the left supraclavicular region and left upper anterior chest wall, may be a sequela of venous obstruction. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is bilateral hilar and mediastinal adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent although evaluation of the internal jugular veins is limited. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No suspicious nodules or masses. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber.
This is a summary of the findings of the post-surgical review. The patient is currently undergoing surgery to remove the top of the sternum. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.8 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. There is worsening bibasilar atelectasis/consolidation and diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, new from prior and is likely inflammatory in nature. Again noted mild diffuse bronchiectasis. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Scattered calcified granulomas. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Persistent left atrial predominant cardiomegaly.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review authors searched the medical literature up to 3/20/2020 and found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A few scattered micronodules appear new, for example in the left upper lobe and right lower lobe (series 5, image 277 and 342). The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The left-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild coronary calcifications. Stable sclerotic foci in the right fourth and sixth lateral ribs. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes are stable, with however interval enlargement of two distal paraesophageal lymph nodes from prior (5/211). Stable 1.9 cm exophytic right thyroid nodule dating back to 3-20/ 2020. New nodular soft tissue densities in the thymic bed, likely representative of hyperplasia. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2009. This updated version is up to date as of January 2013. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left upper and middle lobes have radiation changes to the left upper lobe, with accompanying volume loss of the left lung. The left basilar gas containing collection, is again seen measuring up to approximately 6.5 cm (series 3, image 290). There is an improvement in previously seen right lower lobe groundglass opacities. There is upper lobe predominant paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.7 cm. The heart appears normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The upper abdominal wall Chemo-Port, terminating in the cavoatrial junction, is terminated in the cavity between the heart and the aortic valve. There was a small hiatal hernia. There were multiple nonobstructive renal calculi. Status post bilateral mastectomies.
This is a systematic review of the results of randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) of surgery to remove the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine. The primary outcomes were the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable post surgical changes consistent with prior left lower lobectomy. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules are unchanged in size going back to studies from November 2018. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is a summary of the results of a randomised controlled trial (RCT) of thyroidectomy and partial thyroidectomy in adults with metastatic thyroid cancer. The results of the RCT are current to August 2013. The primary outcome was the size of the thyroid gland. The secondary outcome was whether or not the tumour had spread to other parts of the body. The main outcomes were the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Peripheral reticulations in the anterior right upper lobe and right middle lobe consistent with prior radiation therapy to the right breast. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathies by CT size criteria. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic bony metastatic lesions which are similar in distribution compared to the prior study. Stable postsurgical changes of the left breast.
This is a systematic review of the findings of the radiographic examination of the thoracic spine. The main outcomes of interest are the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No adenopathy within the thorax by CT size criteria. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Post surgical changes consistent with prior esophagectomy and gastric pull-through. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodles. No paraesophageal nodules, but the size of the nodules is too small to be considered clinically significant. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review assesses the effects of the disease on the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema. Scattered bilateral sub-6 mm parenchymal lung nodules, for example 4.5 mm anterior right upper lobe and 5 mm right lower lobe nodule (5/433) in addition to multiple pleural tags, such as 6 mm pleural-based nodule in the middle lobe, may represent a granuloma or less likely a lymph node. No pleural effusions. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Mild dilatation of descending aorta to 3.7 cm. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T8 vertebral bodies. Multilevel vertebral body hemangiomas. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Diffuse mediastinal, bilateral axillary, inter and subpectoral lymphadenopathy: bilateral internal mammary and cardiophrenic lymph nodes, the largest in the right axilla measuring 1.8 cm. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild sclerotic foci in the bilateral humeral heads, likely bony islands. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from the published up to April 2013. The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 4 mm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 318. This nodule is unchanged going back to study from April 2006 given differences in technique. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review, which was published in 2013. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. The review shows that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: 4 mm left upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 229. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No soft tissue within the prevascular mediastinal compartment. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules. Cholelithiasis. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This is a summary of the results of the radiographic examination of the thoracic spine. The main findings of this review are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No calcified adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules in the thyroid gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Routine age-related degenerative changes.
This review compares the appearance of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Unchanged appearance to right pleural thickening and trace chronic loculated pleural effusion with similar linear and curvilinear atelectatic bands/scarring in the right lung and basilar septal thickening. The previous 7.5 mm right lower lobe nodule adjacent to right major fissure is decreased to 4 mm on current study (5/340). Right upper lobe 1.3 cm irregular shaped nodule is new from prior. Calcified granuloma in the middle lobe. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 2.2 cm lower right paratracheal mass of amalgamated lymph nodes and other multiple stations mediastinal lymphadenopathy including a short axis right cardiophrenic lymph node. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild ectasia of descending aorta at 3.8 cm. Three-vessel coronary calcifications and calcified plaques along the aortus including valvular leaflets. Heart and Vessels: Mild left atrial predominant cardiomegaly. Unremarkable thyroid gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. This updated version is up to date as of January 2019. The review includes the results of the most recent review in 2019. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aortic aneurysm measuring 4.5 cm is again noted, similar to prior exams. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No suspicious nodules or masses. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Healed bilateral rib fractures. Bibasilar atelectasis. Bilateral gynecomastia. Implantable loop recorder is noted in the anterior left chest wall. Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the liver are again noted. One of which now demonstrates punctate calcifications, new from prior exam. CT or MR is recommended for further evaluation.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2013. This updated version is up to date as of 3/26/2018. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is dependent atelectasis. Periosteophyte fibrosis, a normal variant. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications. There is a small hiatal hernia. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. 7 mm right hepatic cyst is again seen.
The results of this review show that the thoracic aorta is normal size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. The nodularity along the right bronchial stump is unchanged compared to the prior study. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are unchanged in size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new consolidations. Atrophic thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
In this review, we examined the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is patchy consolidation and groundglass opacities within the inferior left lower lobe with air bronchograms, in keeping with pneumonia. There is no cavitation. Central airways are patent. No effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review includes images of patients with COPD who have had a tracheostomy tube inserted in the upper thoracic trachea and mainstem bronchi. There is severe emphysema throughout both lungs. There are scattered branching nodular opacities (for example in the anterior left lower lobe (series 4, image 316) likely represent small airways impaction). There are small subcentimeter pulmonary nodules measuring up to 5 mm in the left upper lobe; a 4 mm subsolid nodule in the right upper lobe. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen ascending of pulmonary hypertension. The aorta is extensively atherosclerotic. Three-vessel coronary arterial calcifications noted. No definite aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Partially visualized a C6 compression deformity which is age indeterminant although appears chronic. The upper abdomen has a small hiatal hernia. The lower abdomen has bilateral subacute rib fractures. The heart is normal in size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Noted is a Y stent within the tracheas. Secretions are present within the stent.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review found that the main findings of this review are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Clear lungs. Calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left axillary nodes measure up to 1.0 cm but have a normal fatty hilum suggesting benign etiology. No additional enlarged nodes. Heart and Vessels: Question mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricular enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. No coronary artery or aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. This updated version is up to date as of 10/23/2021.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. Stable 5 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Worsening left axillary adenopathy, measuring up to 4.2 cm in diameter, previously 1.9 cm in short axis. There are mild aortic valvular calcifications. There is no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review assesses the effects of chronic fibrotic interstitial lung disease in people with ILD. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild groundglass opacities are noted, for example left lower lobe 3:357. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased number of subcentimeter mediastinal nodes with subcarinal nodes measuring up to 13 mm. This can be seen as a feature of ILD and is not related to the disease. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic and aortic valve calcifications. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Severe coronary artery calcifications are noted. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires in good alignment. Patulous esophagus with small hiatus hernia. Status post CABG.
This review assesses the condition of the aorta and other parts of the body in patients with aortic dissection. The results of this review are up to date as of August 2013. The review includes the following:. Larger aortus (the root of the descending thoracic aort) is seen in the common carotid arteries. No evidence of pneumonia. No phlegmon, abscess or significant inflammatory change. No pericardial effusion. Heterogeneous retrosternal fluid, probably related to recent surgery, probably expected postoperative. The left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads terminate over the right atrium and right ventricle. Surgical clips in the right axilla. Small right pleural effusion, probably caused by recent surgery. Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy of the lymph nodes. A small pneumomediastinum, probably due to recent surgical operations. Heart and Vessels: Timing of contrast injection also obscures some of the vasculature. Streak artifact from contrast injection is not adequate for evaluation of the heart and vessels. Cardiomegaly with biventricular enlargement. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires.
This is a systematic review of clinical trials of patients with aneurysm-related atelectasis of the tracheobronchial tree, heart and vessels. The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of a hemodialysis catheter for the treatment of this condition. However, there is some evidence of anemia in the blood pool, which is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial enlargement. Moderate-sized pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. Underlying upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Improved bronchial impaction at the right lung base. No pericardial effusion. Chronic right pleural thickening. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of CT scans of the abdomen/pelvis of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The primary outcome is the size of large airways disease including mild bronchial wall thickening and mild lower lobes predominant bronchiolectasis (for example 4:313). Mild scarring in the right middle lobe and at the lung bases. No pneumothorax. Mild of the right hemidiaphragm. Trace right pleural effusion. Small hiatus hernia. Mild diffuse esophagus thickening with fluid and debris noted in the proximal portions of the esphagus which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. High density material in the gallbladder, probably vicarious excretion of contrast from recent intravenous administration. Nodules are most likely benign postinfectious or postinflammatory in etiology.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatal hernia. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. If patient is at increased risk for lung cancer, CT in 12 months may be considered.
This is an update of the original study from July 2021. In this updated study, we found that there is a 7 mm pulmonary nodule in the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
In this review, we assessed the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is difficult to measure due to adjacent atelectasis, in series 3 image 379 for example. Other scattered pulmonary nodules including a 4 mm right middle lobe nodule in image 239 are unchanged. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No consolidations. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This is a systematic review of the findings of this review. The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2013 and found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Similar masslike consolidation opacities within the right upper lobe with associated bronchiectasis, consistent with previously seen pulmonary neoplasm. There are a few scattered groundglass nodules in the left lower lobe which appear similar compared to prior examination. An index nodule in the lower lobe measures 7 mm (series 2., Image 27), not significantly changed in size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval development of subcentimeter mediastinal lymphadenopathies, increased in number compared with prior. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size and the aorta is normal. No pericardial effusion. The right-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis, otherwise unremarkable.
This review found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland is nodular. Mild coronary calcifications are noted. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. The aorta and aortic vessels are normal. Stable small hiatal hernia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Upper Abdomen: Multiple splenic calcified granulomas. Although the study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries, we found evidence of multiple filling defect of thromboembolism in multiple segmental branches of the right pulmonary artery including posterior segmental branch of right upper lobe (4/168) and medial and posterior branch of the left lower lobe pulmonary artery.
This is an update of the original review published in January 2019. In this updated review, we looked at the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Innumerable stable 4 mm pulmonary nodules are seen, some in a tree-in-bud pattern, for instance in the left lower lobe on series 3, image 200. Nodules are unchanged compared to 1/11/2019. There is mild bibasilar air trapping on expiratory view. Bibasilar atelectasis is seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion, and there is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing the effects of age-related degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. The main outcomes of interest are the following: (1) Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of large airway disease including bronchial wall thickening and areas of mucoid impaction. Peripheral reticulations and cystic change laterally in the lower lobes these findings are unchanged compared to the study from September 2017. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Calcifications in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Atrophic native kidneys.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. We found that the endotracheal tube in satisfactory position. The transesophageal tube terminates in the upper portion of the stomach. Two left chest tubes terminate at the apex. Enteric tubes terminate below the diaphragm. There is small persistent known leak with air tracking from the esophagus to the mediastinum (5:357). Small hiatus hernia. Bibasilar atelectasis and consolidations. No significant amount of air to suggest necrotizing infection. No drainable collection or abscess is noted. Subcutaneous emphysema in the right lateral chest wall favored related to the indwelling chest tube. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This is a systematic review of the results of studies comparing the postoperative changes of the thoracic spine. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable postsurgical changes consistent with prior bilateral upper lobectomies. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal thyroid. No aggressive bony lesions. Bilateral breast implants in place. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild emphysema. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild nodularity along the left fissure is noted, decreased compared to 2/5/2021. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is a mildly enlarged left axillary lymph node measuring 1.2 cm in short axis, enlarged from 7 mm on prior PET. There is no hilar or mediastinal adenopathy by CT size criteria. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of upper abdomen and pelvic floor.
This is a summary of the results of studies that have been published up to September 2016. The main findings of this review are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Post surgical changes consistent with prior right upper lobectomy including nodular scarring in the right hilum. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The main findings of this review are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No suspicious pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The right is normal in size. There is a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Bilateral gynecomastia. Left lateral chest wall lipoma.
This is a summary of the results of the postoperative examination of the heart, lungs, and vessels. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with four-chamber enlargement. Severe aortic valve calcifications. Lateral segment right middle lobe consolidation with surrounding groundglass opacities. Scattered areas of linear subsegmental atelectasis. Mild interlobular septal thickening. No pericardial effusion. Small, right greater than left pleural effusions with adjacent passive atelectases at the lung bases. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Small hiatus hernia. Small amount of expected postoperative subcutaneous emphysema. Laparic ductus arteriosus: Large amount of secretions in the trachea. Expected postoperative pneumopericardium. Central cannulation of separate inflow catheters to the right atrium and left atrium. LVAD outflow cannula terminates in the aorta. RVAD catheter tip terminates at the pulmonary artery left internal jugular central venous catheter tips in the distal left brachiocephalic vein. Coronary artery calcifications in the coronary artery. Minimal calcification in the main pulmonary artery. Upper Abdomen: small amount of upper abdominal ascites. Smaller hernia in the upper abdominal abscesses. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Recent sternotomy with intact wires in satisfactory alignment. Status post placement of a biventricular ventricular assist device.
The primary lesion in the right upper lobe is unchanged measuring 5.3 x 2.7 cm in size, abutting the lateral pleura. Scattered nodules at the apices bilaterally measuring up to 5 mm in size are unchanged compared to prior exam. Stable 5 mm nodule at the medial right lung base (series 5, image 385). No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There is mild calcification of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes a new set of images of the liver, heart, lungs, and thyroid gland. The results show that the liver appears normal in size. There are multiple abdominal varices. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. The central airways are patent. A right IJ dialysis catheter terminates in the right atrium. Severe coronary calcifications are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the aorta. There is a large left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis, significantly increased compared to CT chest in 2017. Thickening of the mediastinal pleura is also observed, best appreciated on coronal reformats (image 44 of series 900). Stable 6.5 mm nodule adjacent to the right major fissure (4/242). A right upper lobe calcified granuloma is seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Status post cholecystectomy. Upper Abdomen: Status post Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.
This is a summary of the results of CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There is an independent origin of the left vertebral artery from the aorta. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review, which was published in 2010. This updated version is based on a newer version of the original version, published in 2013. The review includes a total of 106 images. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aort. No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right-sided rib fractures. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Biapical scarring. Upper Abdomen: Nonobstructing right renal calculi. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Moderate age-related degenerative changes.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. This updated version is up to date as of January 2015. The original version was published in 2013. The review includes a total of five images. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a moderate large right pneumothorax with superior, basilar and medial components. There is bronchiectasis throughout the lungs with peripheral cystic changes in the upper lobes. The central airways are patent. The left pleural effusion is small to moderate. The heart is normal in size. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The main pulmonary arteries are enlarged measuring 3.7 cm, suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The lymph nodes are likely reactive, for example a 1.3 cm paraesophageal lymph node on series 5, image 263. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review authors searched the medical literature for information on this topic. They found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis, predominantly in the right upper lobe, similar in appearance to prior. Subpleural reticulations are seen in the left middle lobe. No pleural effusions. No endobronchial lesion or retained secretions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Multiple regions of mucoid. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to May 2014 and found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are new cluster of peribronchial groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe and dependent left upper lobe (4/239). Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema is seen. No pericardial effusion. There is a remote compression deformity of T6 vertebral body, and a healed sternal fracture. Multiple left-sided ribs remote healed fractures Partially visualized cervical metallic hardware is present. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Embolization coils in the upper abdomen. The spleen is stably enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications. The heart and vessels appear to be stable. No pleural effusion, and there is no evidence of an obstruction of the airway. Upper Abdomen: A TIPS catheter is again seen. The upper abdomen is stable, and the spleen appears to be stably enlarged. The liver is stable.
In this review, we found that there is no evidence that the upper lobe of the lung is affected by emphysema. The upper lobe is stable in size and attenuation of a sub-4 mm subsolid nodule, which is unchanged in size going back to the study from April 2020, with a 3 mm solid component. There are scattered calcified granulomas. There is upper lobe predominant mild paraseptal and centrilobular emphysesma. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of this review. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 7 mm in size, unchanged from prior exam. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Central line tip terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an updated version of the original review, which was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2013. The review includes the results of the most recent review published in February 2013. In this updated review, we found that the distal esophagus is clamped with cervical esophagostomy drain, drain in the spinal canal and mediastinal drain. Additionally, the right basilar Pleurx catheter exiting the thoracic cage through the right seventh intercostal space (SVC). The right IJ central venous catheter and right PICC line terminating in the SVC. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval mildly increased bilateral pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The previous secretions in the right mainstem bronchus have cleared. A new small pneumothorax has developed on the right side transforming the effusion into hydropneumothorx. New left upper lobe peribronchial groundglass and consolidative opacities, concerning for aspiration/infection. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent lymph nodes, such as 1 cm left paraaortic lymph node, likely reactive. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Cervicothoracic spinal fixation device, status post corpectomy.
This is a systematic review of the clinical trials of people with COPD. The review found that the heart and vessels of the heart appear to be normal in size. There is a stable mediastinal adenopathy, including a 1.0 cm subcarinal node, and multiple aortopulmonary nodules measuring up to 1.5 cm. No pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary calcifications. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The upper chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. New trace left pleural effusion is seen. Lower bronchi: There is mucus plugging within bilateral lower lobe bronchi. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was no change in the number of lymph nodes, but there was an improvement in the amount of blood in the blood pool, which is compatible with anemia. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day as the mastectomy. The results of the CT scan show that there is no evidence of metastasis in the upper abdomen. There is a stable or slightly decreased fluid collection in the right mastectomy bed measuring 3.7 x 1.0 cm. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Enlarging 8 mm subpleural nodule in the left upper lobe with adjacent new and enlarging nodules. No new pulmonary nodule. No pulmonary edema. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: A stable hypodense nodule is noted at the right cardiophrenic angle. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No metastasis remains in the differential diagnosis, development of findings over time favors an airways process. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Large sternal metastasis is unchanged. Stable soft tissue nodule extending posteriorly in the region of the confluence of the brachiocephalic veins measuring 2.9 x 2.7 cm, previously 4.2 x 1 cm, shows no new osseous metastases.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2009. The review was updated in 2013. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs appear normal in size. Mucous secretions in the right mainstem bronchus. There are scattered blebs. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Coronary calcifications and stents. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. Small pericardial effusion and stent. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review, which was published in 2013. This updated version is up to date as of January 2018. The review includes four MRI scans of the heart, liver, lungs, and lymph nodes. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema is seen. There is a small left Bochdalek hernia and adjacent atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. There are stable hepatic cysts, measuring up to 2.8 cm in the left hepatic lobe. S-shaped scoliosis is seen in the right breast. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review is up to date as of January 2013. The review includes a total of five studies. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of airway disease including profound centrilobular nodules without significant architectural distortion, most pronounced at the bilateral lower lobes. This appears to have progressed since the prior study. There is relative sparing of the upper lobes and subpleural regions. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review, which was published in 2013. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. The review shows that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 3 mm right upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 152. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aort. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. No suspicious nodules or masses. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Healed fracture of the sternum. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Innumerable sclerotic osseous metastases are noted.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the upper abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. There is no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The heart is normal in size. The aorta is aneurysmal, measuring up to 4.4 cm. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is normal. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 3 mm nodule at the left lung apex, not definitively seen on prior exam, which may have been related to positioning of the diaphragm at that time. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The review found that the tracheobronchial tree is stable. No new or enlarging nodules. Stable 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule with 3 mm solid component of mediastinal windows (4:151). Additional scattered micronodules are stable. Underlying centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 1.4 cm right paratracheal lymph node. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to May 2018 and found one study that met the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review. They found that the study was conducted in a hospital in the United States. The evidence is current as of May 2018. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of lower lobe predominant fibrotic interstitial lung disease, including traction bronchiectasis, subpleural reticulations, architectural distortion and honeycombing. A thick-walled cavitary lesion with surrounding consolidation is again seen and communicates with right upper lobe bronchi. A small amount of fluid is seen tracking along the fissures. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers are again mildly enlarged. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.6 cm, suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. The ascending aorta measures 3.7 cm. No coronary artery calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Multiple nonenlarged anterior mediastinal lymph nodes are likely reactive. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Small pericardial effusion redemonstrated. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypodensity in the hepatic dome is too small to characterize. Patulous esophagus with layering fluid suggestive of gastroesophageal reflux.
This is a summary of the results of the postoperative examination of the left upper lobe of the breast. The breast was removed from the breast and the left lower lobe was resected with scarring and scarring in the lower lobe and lingula. There was no change in the size and density of the nodule in the upper lobe. There is no solid component on mediastinal windows. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Precarinal node measures 1.3 cm, similar to prior exam. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Underlying severe centrilobular emphysema. Dense aortic calcifications in both breasts. Coronary artery calcifications. Lower chest wall ICD leads terminate in the right atrium and right ventricle. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Scarring in the medial segment of the right lower lobe. Stable scattered perifissural nodules which likely represent benign lymph nodes (3:229 and 258). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement. Aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcifications. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Punctate nonobstructing left renal calculus. Hepatic hypodensities too small to characterize. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Small hiatus hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Old healed right fifth rib fracture.
This is a systematic review of clinical trials of people who have had a heart attack. The main outcomes of interest are the size of the heart and the size and shape of the lungs. The heart appears normal in size. Paraseptal and centrilobular emphysematous changes are noted. The central airways are patent. There is a persistent 4.9 x 3.0 x 6.4 cm (AP by TV by CC) right medial lower lobe mass-like consolidation, which is likely unchanged in size given differences in technique compared to study from August 2021. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion is noted. Severe atherosclerotic coronary artery calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No definite hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy, although evaluation is limited by lack of intravenous contrast. No aggressive bone lesions. The left supraclavicular lymph node is an enlarged lymph node measuring 1.4cm. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 6 mm irregular solid nodule in the left lower lobe (5:440). Previously noted right middle lobe groundglass opacity has resolved. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pericardial effusion. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction are noted (for example right lower lobe 5:289 and left lower limb 5:74). No pleural effusion, but may be related to small airway disease. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2019 and found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. The review authors found that the following structures were stable: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Interlobular septal thickening and increased reticulations in the right middle lobe. Stable 5 mm right lower lobe micronodule (4:381). Left lower lobe 3 mm nodule. Increased subpleural reticulation in the left lower lobe (see 4:449,481) and lingula (4,441). Thin-walled cyst in the middle of the lower lobe, probably related to small airways disease. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Subcarinal node measures 1.2 cm, stable since 2019. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery disease including dense calcifications in the LAD. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Small hiatus hernia. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2013.
This is an update of the original review published in April 2021. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Enlarging, now 5 mm, subpleural right lower lobe nodule (5:274). This nodule was previously punctate/nearly imperceptible on April 2021 exam (previous exam 5:247). Stable 1.1 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease (see for example 5: 351). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatus hernia. Paraesophageal varices. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Dense mitral annular calcification. Punctate calcifications in the right breast. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The review found that there is no evidence of any new or enlarging of the heart or lungs. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Previously hypermetabolic left hilar node measures 5 mm (5:212). No new or enlarged nodes Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. The aortic valve tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered areas of mucus plugging for example in the anterior right upper lobe bronchus. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusions. Underlying upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T8 compression deformity. Stable soft tissue nodule in anterior chest wall (3:417).
In this review, we found that there is no evidence of adenopathy by size criteria. There is a small hiatal hernia. No pericardial effusion. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Aortic valvular calcifications are seen. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm in diameter. The main pulmonary artery measures 3.4 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The airways are patent. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the right atrium. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Hypoattenuation of the blood pool, suggestive of anemia, may be due to anemia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopaths. No lymph nodes were found in the included thyroid gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are multilevel subchondral lucencies in multiple endplates of the thoracous spine. There was no evidence to support the use of surgery to remove the thyroid gland or lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.
This is a summary of the results from the July 2021 examination of the right lung. This is an updated version of the April 2019 examination. The review shows that the right breast mass now measures up to 2.5 x 2.0 cm (5:284) and the right lower lobe 12 mm subpleural nodule noted on the April examination now measures 7 mm. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No abnormalities of the thyroid gland. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Direct origin of the left vertebral artery from the right vertebral arch. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Small right pleural effusion and traction bronchiectasis in the right upper lobe and right middle lobe from right breast radiotherapy. Significant interval decrease in left subpectoral nodes which remain subcentimeter.
This is a summary of the results of MR scans of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable postoperative changes consistent with prior lingular sparing left upper lobectomy. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aort. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Stable 3 mm left lower lobe nodule which is in the left apex in image 67. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review, which was published in 2013. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endobronchial 3 mm nodule in the proximal right middle lobe bronchus. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild biapical scarring. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is a systematic review of clinical trials of people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The review found that there is no evidence that COPD affects the lungs, lungs, or airways. The following are the findings of this review: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Small hiatus hernia.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes a new set of scans from a new radiologist. The radiologist is a radiologist from the University of California, Los Angeles, USA, and the radiologist's office is based in New York, USA. This review is up-to-date as of January 2014.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The review includes a total of 11 studies. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No new consolidations. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules are unchanged compared to prior studies. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
In this review, we found that the aortic valve and aorta were unchanged compared to prior studies given differences in technique. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No consolidations. No aggressive bony lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and arteries of the heart are unchanged Severely calcified calcification of the aneurysm is unchanged. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The nodule in the left lower lobe described in the prior study has decreased in size, measuring less than 3 mm in image 288. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorac spine. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. Hypoattenuating lesions throughout the liver, the largest of which measure as simple cyst. Normal thyroid.
This review assesses the effects of surgery on the following cholecystectomy. The review authors found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Focal bronchiectasis and scarring associated to the right upper apical scarring. No definite honeycombing (difficult evaluation the setting of pleural effusions). Mild interlobular septal thickening. Fluid and debris noted in the esophagus to the level of the proximal portion consistent with reflux or dysmotility. No pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Severe aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Attenuation of the blood pool is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal nodes measuring up to 1 cm, probably on the basis of congestion. Small hiatus hernia. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine. Body wall edema. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial and probably left ventricular enlargement. Small bilateral pleural and subpleural effusion, mildly enlargement of the sepsis. Segmentation of the aneurysm.
The examination of the liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a punctate splenic calcification that is nonspecific and a left renal cyst. The aorta is extensively atherosclerotic. Severe three-vessel coronary arterial calcifications are present. There is a trace pericardial effusion. No acute fracture identified within limitations of bone demineralization. No aggressive lesion. There are scattered areas of mucoid impaction in the lower lobes. Mediastinum appears unremarkable. L2 compression deformity is stable from prior. The pelvic ring and femurs are nondiagnostic for fracture due to extensive motion artifact from extremely dense intraluminal contents. Air within the bladder may be due to instrumentation, clinical correlation recommended. No bowel obstruction, ascites, or lymphadenopathy within the limitations of this noncontrast exam. No hematoma identified.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The evidence is current to August 2013. The review includes a total of five images. All images were taken from medical databases up to July 2013. In this review, we found that there is a small amount of residual air within the pleural space, which could represent resolving pneumothorax. Additionally, there are 2 extra thoracic fluid collections, one just superficial to the ribs measuring 1.3 x 8 cm and another inferiorly measuring 12 x 3 cm. The larger collection contains internal air and appears to communicate with the airway space. There is no lymphadenopathy, ascites, or free intraperitoneal air. There are scattered areas of bronchial mucoid impaction in the right lower lobe segmental bronchi. An enteric tube loops and terminates within the gastric body. No bowel obstruction. A Foley catheter is seen within the bladder lumen. No aggressive osseous lesion. No right apical paraseptal emphysema is noted. A right hilar node noted stably measures 13 mm. Noted old bilateral rib fracture deformities. Trace pericardial fluid noted. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. No left apical paramediastinal density could represent focal scarring. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a few scattered hepatic hypodensities that are too small to describe and left renal cortical scarring, which may be infectious or inflammatory etiology. The right upper lobe apical 12 mm groundglass nodule new from prior (series 5, image 178). There is suggestion of possible adenomyomatosis in the left pleura, which is suggestive of possible infection. Fat-containing umbilical and left internal hernia are noted. Colonic diverticulosis without acute inflammation. No airway obstruction. No other complications were noted.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2010. The review shows that the central airways are patent. Tracheostomy tube terminates in the mid trachea. Enteric catheter seen terminating in the proximal duodenum. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with mild height loss of several vertebral bodies appears unchanged. There is subsegmental atelectasis involving the inferior left lingula. No acute abnormality of the visualized upper abdomen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Similar mild cardiomegaly. No pericardial effusion. No new acute osseous abnormality. No significant thoracoscopic adenopathy.
This is a summary of the results of the review of the postoperative examination of the chest, abdomen and pelvis. The results of this review are current as of May 2014. The review includes the following:. Chest: There are 2 left chest tubes and a mediastinal drain. The heart size is enlarged status post median sternotomy and CABG. The central airways are patent. There is airspace consolidation in the left lower lobe, with air bronchograms. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present. While evaluation of the pulmonary parenchyma is limited due to significant respiratory motion, there appears to be pulmonary interlobular septal thickening, suggestive pulmonary interstitial edema, and no aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The pericardial effusion is present. Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of both the abdomen and the pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. No aggressive lesions are identified.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes a new set of images of the patient's condition. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy. There is mild centrilobular emphysema, unchanged. The heart size is normal status post median sternotomy and CABG. The spleen is enlarged, measuring 15.3 cm in length. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The right lower lobe of the right upper lobe has a small left pneumothorax, but there is no pleural effusion. Focal airspace opacity is also noted at the inferior aspect of the left upper lobe (image 97, series 3). There is bronchiectasis and peribronchovascular airspace opacities in the upper lobe. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. The pericardial effusion is not reported.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review of the same patient found that the left lower lobe of the heart is still intact. There is no evidence of a new lung nodule. The central airways are patent. The heart size is normal. The pericardial effusion is unchanged. Sub-3 mm right upper lobe nodules are unchanged. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. Upper abdomen: A right hepatic lobe cyst remains unchanged.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. This updated version is up to date as of January 2014. The review includes a total of six images. The main findings: Lungs/airways/pleura: Scattered bilateral pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm in the right middle and left lower lobes. No pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Mild dependent atelectasis bilaterally. There is a left-sided aortic arch with conventional arch anatomy. No pleural effusions. The trachea is midline and patent. The heart is normal in size. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Mesenteric arteries, renal arteries, celiac axis, and iliac arteries are patent. Lymph nodes: Prominent 0.6 cm periportal node at series 302, series 5, measuring 1268 Hounsfield units, likely a bone island. No suspicious lytic or blastic osseous lesion. Clusters of subcentimeter nodes in the left mesenteric region (series 302, image 206). Bones and soft tissues: 1.5 cm mixed lucent/sclerotic lesion at the inferior endplate of L3, which may represent an early Schmorl's node versus lytic lesion (a bone island). Multilevel degenerative disease of the lumbar spine with intervertebral disc space narrowing, anterior osteophytes at L5-S1, vacuum phenomenon, and SchmorL's nodes. The thoracic spine with flowing ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament compatible with diffuse hepatic skeletal hyperostosis. The liver: Multiple hepatic metastases, the largest measuring 7.0 cm in the hepatic dome, hepatic segment 7/8. No focal lesion.. Adrenal glands: Left adrenal gland is nodular. The thyroid gland is normal. Pancreas: There is fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. The stomach: Limited evaluation of the stomach secondary to underdistention and streak artifact from surgical clips in the region of the gastroesophageal junction. No bowel obstruction. No intra or extrahepatic biliary ductal dilation. Unremarkable gallbladder. No hydroureteronephrosis or nephrolithiasis. Vasculature: Multiple left renal cysts measuring 8.9 cm. No abdominal aorta extending into the iliacy and femoral vasculature. No lymphadenopathy. The abdominal arteries are normal in length and width, and there is no evidence of pericardial fluid. Mortality: Mortality of the abdominal arteries is mild to moderate due to atherosclerosis of the arch vessels and aortal arch. Mortals: Mortals are normal to moderate in length, width, length, and width. Mortalities of the liver: The largest metastases are metastatic lesions in both the left and right hepatic as well as the caudate lobe. No fatal metastases in the liver. Larger metastases of liver are in both liver and pancreas. Lumbar spines: There are facet hypertrophic changes in the lower spine.
This is an updated version of the original review, which was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of 10/12/2021. There is no evidence of any new lesions. The heart size is normal. There are peribronchovascular groundglass airspace opacities in the right lower lobe, new since prior exam. No significant air trapping is seen. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle is hypoattenuation of the blood pool, compatible with known anemia. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The left perinephric hematoma is partially visualized. The visualized portion demonstrates decreased attenuation of blood flow to the pericardium, consistent with expected evolution. No pleural effusion is seen, and there is no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
This is an updated version of the original review, which was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2013.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes a new set of images, which show that there is a significant increase in right supraclavicular adenopathy, partially visualized, with new mass effect on the right thyroid lobe. However, there is also an increase in the left brachiocephalic vein, although the confluence between the left thyroid vein and SVC remains severely narrowed (image 131, series 4). There is also interval reexpansion of the SVC. Other mediastinal nodes have also decreased, as evidenced by a 1.5 cm pretracheal node (image 22, series 3), previously at least 2.4 cm. The heart size is normal. A small pericardial effusion is unchanged. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Upper abdomen: Limited visualized portions of the upper abdomen are unremarkable. The left axillary node has increased in size, measuring 1.9 x 1.1 cm (image 18, series 2), previously 1.2 x 1 cm. There is no evidence of an aggressive lesion. The right centrilobular emphysema is again noted. Upper lobe mass has decreased, measuring 3.6 cm, previously 3.9 cm.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review includes a total of 12 studies. The main findings are as follows:. Chest: A 3 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe is unchanged since 2014 and therefore benign. There is no new pulmonary nodule. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The heart size is normal. The aneurysm of the ascending thoracic aorta, measuring 4.4 cm at the level of right main pulmonary artery, previously 4.2 cm, is still present. There are old left lateral 5th-7th rib fractures. The pericardial effusion is not significant. Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. There was no evidence of a new pulmonary or aortic nodule, but there is no evidence that there is any new pericordial or pericardiographic obstruction. There were no new lymphadenopathies.
This is a comprehensive review of the results of the TAVR. The review shows that the following parts of the body are normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations or groundglass. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Large hiatal hernia which contains the majority of the stomach. Multiple healed right posterior rib fractures. Coarse calcifications throughout the breasts bilaterally. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2004. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A 3 mm left apical nodule is unchanged (4/69). Numerous additional sub-4 mm nodules are stable, including one in the left lower lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No mediastinal, hilar, or axillary adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Chest port tip terminates within the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No consolidations. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2009.
In this review we found that a single sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lower lobe is stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is a systematic review of the results of MR imaging of the thoracic spine. The results of this review show that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No adenopathy within the thorax. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Post surgical changes consistent with prior esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. No Esophageal nodules or atelectasis in the lower lobes. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an update of the original review from November 2018. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No consolidations. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Soft tissue within the prevascular mediastinal compartment likely represents residual thymus in a patient this age. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
A 5 mm right upper lobe lung nodule is nonspecific but unlikely to represent metastatic disease (image 216, series 5). There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is a systematic review of the findings of the most recent CT scan of the abdomen/pelvis obtained on the same day as this review was carried out. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is worsening of new and enlarging innumerable pulmonary nodules, for example a peripheral left lower lobe nodule measures 2.4 x 1.6 cm (previously 1.9 cm). New consolidations are seen in the right upper and left lower lobes. There are new moderate pleural effusions. The central airways are patent. The esophagus is patulous. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are unchanged enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes, including 4.3 x 3.0 cm infrahilar adenopathy. Moderate pericardial effusion is again seen. Heart and Vessels:Segmental and subsegmental right lower lobe pulmonary artery embolus, is unchanged from the previous CT scan. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There is a worsening mass effect on the left main pulmonary artery, with preserved distal flow. The left posterolateral third rib is decreasing in size, and there is an increase in the number of coronary calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There were worsening extensive sclerotic metastasis involving the thoracic spine, sternum, and bilateral ribs.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. This updated version is based on the original version of the original review published in 2004. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Platelike atelectasis in the lung bases. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Secretions within the segmental and lobar pulmonary arteries in the right lung. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aort. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the thoracic spine. The scan shows that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules are present. No consolidations. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen: See separate abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Severe aortic valve calcification with diffuse thickening of the LV myocardium and LV apical aneurysm again noted. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Subcentimeter skin nodules are again noted in the right lower anterior chest wall. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review shows that the heart and vessels of the heart appear to be enlarged. There is a small pericardial effusion. The distal esophagus is fluid-filled, the mid and upper esphagus are collapsed with possible mild esophageal wall thickening. Multiple subcentimeter left thyroid nodules present. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Status post right hemithyroidectomy. Upper Abdomen: Status post gastric banding with stable positioning and appropriate phi angle. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is bibasilar consolidations and reticular markings. Scarring/atelectasis is also seen in the right medial upper lobe.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The main findings of this review are as follows:. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerosis. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: The bilateral native kidneys are shrunken and atrophied.. Right adrenal calcification is likely from remote inflammatory or hemorrhagic process.
This is an update of the original review from October 26, 2013. The review shows that the right-sided chest tube terminates in the right apex just inside the pleural space. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Moderate-sized right hydropneumothorax. The fluid component has decreased since prior. The left-sided effusion has also decreased. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminated below the diaphragm. Femoral approach ECMO cannula terminated in the left atrium. Left internal jugular central venous catheter tip ended in the SVC.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to May 2013 and found no new or enlarging nodules outside the radiation field. The review authors found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Stable left apical micronodules (3:70,95). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. The new version is up-to-date as of January 2013.
This is an updated version of the original report published in 2013. The original report was published in 2012. This updated version is based on a new set of scans. This is an update of a previously published report from 2013. This update shows that there is a small increase in the number of sub-5 mm lung nodules in the right upper lobe, previously 1.1 cm, and another 1.3 cm in the left upper lobe. Mild emphysema is present. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review, published in 2013. The review shows that there are no major changes in the structure of the thoracic spine. There is a normal course and size of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations or groundglass. Scattered pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm in series 4 image 244. Secretions within the distal trachea and right mainstem bronchus. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. This updated version is up to date as of January 2013. The current version shows that the heart is enlarged. There is increased extensive mediastinal lymphadenopathy, for example a 2.3 cm prevascular node was found. Hepatic calcifications are again partially visualized. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to July 2019 and found one study that met the inclusion criteria for this review. They found that: 1. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable postsurgical changes of the right lung. Patchy bilateral consolidations with associated bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 2. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. 3. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. 4. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. 5. Nodular thyroid with stable thyroid nodules. 6. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. 7. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. 8. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is a systematic review of the evidence. The review found that there is no evidence to support the use of a loop recorder in the left chest wall. However, there is evidence that the left breast glandular tissue, and overlying skin thickening, is stable. The central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: There is biatrial enlargement. There are severe coronary calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are unchanged moderate pleural effusions, greater on the right, with adjacent atelectasis. Ill-defined bilateral upper lobe mosaicism, is compatible with small airway disease. There is diffuse chest wall subcutaneous stranding, worse from prior. Small unchanged pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No visualized ascites.
In this review, we looked at the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Post surgical changes consistent with prior right upper lobectomy. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new consolidations. Normal thyroid. Stable platelike atelectasis in the lingula. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which was published in 2010. In this updated version of this review, we found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Mild emphysema and mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening are noted. Prominent mediastinal, hilar, left supraclavicular lymph nodes remain subcentimeter in short axis. The right chest port terminates in the right atrium. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis report.
This review assesses the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening and lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis consistent with airways disease. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Large hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricular enlargement. Extensive coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Aortic ossifications. LAD and LCx stents stents. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild esophageal wall thickened which can be seen in the setting of GERD.
This is a systematic review of the results of studies that have been published up to June 2018. The main findings of this review are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Prominent azygos fissure, normal variant. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No consolidations. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable postsurgical changes consistent with prior esophagectomy and gastric pull-through.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Mild peripheral reticulations in both lungs have slightly increased. There is no pleural effusion. Paraaortic/paravertebral lymphadenopathy has increased, for example a 1.5 cm right paraaordic lymph node was 0.8 cm. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the diaphragm. The patient is status post left breast reconstruction. There is mild interstitial edema with background centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. A small left pleural effusion has decreased. Adjacent atelectasis is noted in the left lower lobe. Prominent mediastinal lymph nodes are stable. The heart is enlarged. Sclerotic foci scattered throughout the ribs and spine are stable, presumably metastases.
This is a summary of the results of the radiotherapy study from August 2021. The radiotherapy was carried out on the right lower lobe of the thoracic aorta and the left upper lobe. The results of this study are similar in size and distribution compared to the prior study. There is increasing groundglass and linear scarring in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 115. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable appearance of the lytic lesion in the left scapula. Stable consolidation architectural distortion in the upper lobe consistent with prior radiation therapy. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review assesses the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal and confluent centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. No consolidations or groundglass. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Right-sided renal cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Evaluation of the abdominal organs is limited by low dose technique.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Fat necrosis is again noted in the anterior upper abdomen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
The results of this review show that there is no evidence of age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. No new pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. No consolidations.
This is a systematic review of studies of the thoracic spine to assess the effects of age-related degenerative changes on the lungs, heart and vessels. The review found that the lungs and airways are clear. There is a new 6 mm right upper lobe nodule in image 104. The 1.3 cm groundglass nodule on the superior segment left lower lobe measures image 153 is unchanged going back to studies from July 2020 but has slowly increased in size from 6 mm in May 2006. Other small pulmonary nodules measuring 4 mm or less are unchanged compared to prior studies. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Biapical paraseptal emphysema and pleuroparenchymal scarring. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening is also noted. Stable right apical 7 mm nodule (5/67). No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from the published up to July 2013. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Stable post radiation changes in the right upper and middle lobes. Focal bronchiectasis and mucoid impaction in the inferior lingula (4:237). Clusters of micronodules likely related to airways disease for example in the left upper lobe (4,167,181) and inferior lingulum (4;267) and left lower lobe ( 4:289). No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the airways). Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve and calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Left renal cysts.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Heart and Vessels: Mild biatrial enlargement. Ascending aorta measures 5.0 cm as on prior exam. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Course calcification right anterior chest wall. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Stable nodule along the left major fissure, probably benign and parenchymal lymph node.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left upper lobe tree-in-bud nodules are seen on series 6, image 141 and are likely infectious/inflammatory. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart is globally enlarged. Biventricular AICD is present. Status post sternotomy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No consolidations. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
This is a systematic review of the findings from a series of CT scans of the diaphragm. The main findings are that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is also no evidence that there are any aggressive tumours of the lungs. However, there are a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules. A 6 mm nodule in the right lateral chest wall is stable.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The evidence is current to August 2013. The review includes a total of 12 studies. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A posterior right lower lobe pleural-based consolidation patch with air bronchograms and adjacent nodularities. There is a trace right pleural effusion. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the airways) in the superior segment of left lower lobe (6/126) is nonspecific in absence of similar prior imaging. Although the study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries, incidental finding of a filling defect of thromboembolism is suspected in the lateral segmental branch of right upper lobe pulmonary artery. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Small hiatal hernia with diffuse thickening of the distal esophagus, compatible with mass seen on recent EGD.
This review assesses the effects of radiation therapy on the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Increased subpleural reticulations with associated bronchiectasis in the left upper lobe and lingula: evolving post radiation change from left breast radiotherapy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Previously mildly enlarged right axillary node have decreased and now measure up to 1 cm. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
This review shows that a single sub-4 mm lung nodule in the upper lobe of the L1 vertebral body is stable. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Mild bronchiectasis with mucous plugging is again noted in the lingula. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Superior endplate compression deformity is unchanged.
This is an updated version of the original study published in November 2017. This updated version shows that there is a 1.9 cm nodule in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 144. Other scattered pulmonary nodules are unchanged compared to study from November 2017 including a 3 mm right upper lobe nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Calcifications of the aortic valve. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree with patent. Respiratory motion artifact limits evaluation of fine parenchymal detail in the lung bases. Further interval decrease in a left upper lobe spiculated nodule, now 1.6 x 0.7 cm, previously 1.7 x 1.1 cm. New superior segment left lower lobe subpleural nodule (adjacent 5 and 3 mm nodules 5:59). Underlying severe emphysema and bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Decreased confluent soft tissue opacity adjacent to the hilum and decreased adenopathy. Subcarinal nodes measure up to 1 cm as on prior exam. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerosis of the left 10th rib. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is a systematic review of scans of the thoracic spine to assess the effects of age-related degenerative changes on the structure and function of the lungs, heart and vessels of the spine. The main findings of this review are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mosaic attenuation throughout the lungs with areas of smooth septal thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Main pulmonary artery measures up to 3.2 cm which is mildly enlarged.. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The review found that there is no evidence to support the use of the tracheobronchial tree in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. However, there is some evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall consistent with airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The left aortic arch with an aberrant right subclavian artery with retroesophageal course. Coronary artery calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable 5 mm left lower lobe nodule (5: 89). Stable superior segment right lower lobe 2 mm nodule. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This review assesses the condition of the lungs, heart, lungs, and vessels after surgery to replace the aorta and aortic valve. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Trace, nearly imperceptible, residual right hydropneumothorax status post pleural pigtail drainage catheter. Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea extending into the right lower lobe branches. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Nodular pleural thickening in both lobes, as been present since at least 2017. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Subcarinal nodes measure up to 1 cm, mildly enlarged since remote exams of 2017 and present on recent priors. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Heart and Vessels: Status post ascending aortal valve replacement. Heart is normal in size. Fluid surrounding the repair, likely postoperative. Lower Abdomen: Enteric tube in place. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires. Left upper lobe surgical staple line, probably from prior surgical biopsy. Right IJ central line terminates in the SVC.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to May 2014 and found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. Stable findings of fibrotic lung disease in the form of lower lobe predominant subpleural reticulations, peribronchial changes are also noted in the lower lobes (4/268), compatible with alternative diagnosis to UIP. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example upright paratracheal 1.1 cm and 1.3 cm subcarinal lymph node, are reported separately. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild coronary calcifications. Mild consolidation of the aortic valve leaflets is also noted. The airways are patent. The right chest port terminating in the distal SVC. St stable left lateral chest wall intramuscular lipoma. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the left upper lobe of the pericardium and left inferior lingula nodule. These portions of the mass have retracted from contact with the left major fissure but maintain continuity with the anterior pleural surfaces and the left aspect of the pectoral muscle. A 1.1 cm left apical nodule is stable (5:66) and a 1.9 cm spiculated groundglass nodule with 7 mm solid component is unchanged (allowing for differences in measurement). Stable right upper lobe 1.6 cm groundglass opacity (6:95). Small left pleural effusion has resolved. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. No new sclerotic lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Underlying centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mediastinum and left hilar adenopathy remains inseparable from the mass. Portions of the esophagus are patulous and contain layering fluid and debris. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No definite CT correlate for hypermetabolic lesions noted on June 2021 PET/CT. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This review assesses the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 1.1 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule since multiple recent exams and present since at least 2007. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pericardial effusion. Clusters of micronodules in the upper lobe (3:199) which may represent small airways disease. Scarring at the lung bases. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No lymph node adjacent to the right minor fissure since 2007 consistent with benign etiology. Calcified granulomata in the spleen. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Heart and Vessels: Left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads terminate in the right atrium and right ventricle. Heart is normal in size. Status post mitral and tricuspid valve repairs. Ascending aorta measures 38 mm. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires. T8 vertebral body hemangioma. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged right renal cyst. Left renal hypodensities too small to characterize. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an updated version of the original report published in 2013. The main findings of this review are as follows: No new or enlarging lung nodule is identified. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. There is no pleural effusion. Multiple prominent lymph nodes remain subcentimeter in short axis, for example a 0.8 cm anterior mediastinal lymph node (image 146, series 5). Right chest port terminates in the right atrium. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal course and caliber of the aort. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2009.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the thoracic aorta and thyroid gland. The main findings of this review are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable atelectasis of the right middle lobe which likely contains primary mass. Small right-sided pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the blood vessels). No new mediastinal adenopathy. Stable bony lesions in T10 and T11 vertebral bodies. There is increasing sclerosis and several rib lesions including a right eighth rib lesion which may represent treatment change. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review assesses the effects of surgery to repair the aortic valve in patients with advanced breast cancer. Key results: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild bronchial wall thickening. New small right pleural effusion. No new or enlarging nodules (for example left upper lobe 4:93, 109). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Overlying right breast skin thickening and scarring. No pericardial effusion and/or atelectasis in the lingula adjacent to the fissure. Aortic calcifications. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial enlargement. The main pulmonary artery is dilated (35 mm) which can be seen with pulmonary hypertension. Degenerative changes of the spine and right shoulder. Calcified granulomata in the liver. Coarse calcifications in the left breast. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior median sternotomy with intact wires. Status post right breast lumpectomy.
In this review, we looked at the size and shape of the major organs of the thoracic spine. We found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Partially calcified nodules in the right apex are unchanged compared to the prior study and only slightly increased in size going back to studies from May 2009. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Calcific effusions the mitral annulus. Large hiatal hernia containing the majority of the stomach. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcifications throughout the mediastinal and hilar nodal distributions. No consolidations. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is a small but stable sub-4 mm lung nodule in the left lower lobe. A subcentimeter right thyroid nodule is stable. A sclerotic lesion in the right lateral fifth rib is stable and a hemangioma is again noted in T10 vertebral body. Esophageal varices are present. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review shows that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the upper lobe of the lung. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is a systematic review of CT scans of the diaphragms of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The main findings of this review are that there is no evidence to support the diagnosis of COPD in patients with COPD. However, there is some evidence that CPD may be present in other parts of the body, for example in the lungs. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This review shows that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is a small hiatal hernia. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. Mild subtle groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe are nonspecific and may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2009. This updated version is up to date as of January 2013. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 198. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the airways). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was an enlarged right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis. There is S-shaped scoliosis. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
In this review, we found that the main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm which can be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left supraclavicular adenopathy with nodes measuring up to 1.6 cm short axis in series 4 image 53 for example. Periaortic soft tissue measured up to a short axis for example in image 415. No axillary adenopathies. No mediastinal or hilar adenopathic features. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See recently dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review, which was last updated on 12/24/2020. In this updated version, we found that the reconstructed right chest appears normal in size. There is a trace right pleural effusion with overlying subsegmental atelectasis. No pneumothorax. In the superior medial right chest, there is a simple appearing fluid collection without peripheral enhancement which measures 10 x 2 cm transversely x 7 cm craniocaudally. Inferiorly, there appears to be nonorganized edema along the chest wall. There are post surgical changes of the right breast. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable, noting a hepatic hypodensity is too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild hyperdensity along the cutaneous surface of the reconstruction right chest could represent evolving blood products, however there is no organized hematoma.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The review found that there is no clear evidence that this condition is present in people with idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. Flowing anterior endplate osteophytes without loss of intervertebral disc heights is suggestive of diffuse idiopathy. Severe coronary arterial calcifications and/or stents are present. Central airways are patent. Stable pericardial effusion measuring up to 4.1 cm posteriorly. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears normal in size.
This is a systematic review of CT scans of the diaphragms of people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) who have been diagnosed with COPD. The main findings of this review are as follows: 1. Mild paraseptal emphysema is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. 1.4 cm left thyroid nodule is found.
There is a large amount of secretions/debris throughout the trachea, left mainstem bronchus, and left lower lobe of the lungs. Mild atelectasis is also noted in the lingula. There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. Multiple hepatic cysts are noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There was a 1.8 cm prevascular nodule, likely an enlarged lymph node (image 28, series 3).
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. This review shows that the diaphragm is functioning normally, and that there is no evidence of an obstruction of the lungs. A small hiatal hernia is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. No pulmonary consolidation, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax is identified. New trace left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis is observed. No thoracic lymphadenopathy was seen.
This is a summary of the findings of the Cochrane review. The review found that the body and tail of the patient are well-defined and homogeneously enhancing. No evidence of recurrent aortic aneurysm/pseudoaneurysm, dissection, or rupture although there is a small tubular outpouching along the right aspect of the aorta which is likely an expected postoperative finding (per operative report: "The reperfusion branch and the extra branch of the anterolateral graft were ligated at their origin"). No other fractures within the thoracic spine or thoracacic cage. Median sternotomy wires are intact and aligned. Mediastinal drains x2) appropriate position, with trace fluid surrounding the anterior mediastinal drain. Enteric tubes x2 turbinate with tips in the stomach and proximal jejunum. Small but not rim-enhancing anterior fluid collection along the course of the drain (e.g. image 208 series 5), as well as several small foci of air along the drain's course. No visible posttraumatic pneumatoceles. Lungs: Interval improvement in the previously seen pulmonary contusions, with some small residual there is likely scarring in the right supradiaphragmatic region, possibly another resolving pulmonary contusion or improving pneumonia. There is no discrete right pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Pancreatic duct stent has been placed since 10/10/2021. The pancreatic head/neck junction is hypoenhancing (hypoenhanced). The uncinate process appears to enhance normally. Gallbladder: Unremarkable. Lymph nodes: No axillary, hilar, or mediationastinal lymphadenopathy. Spleen: Surgically absent. Abdomen/PELVIS: Liver and biliary tree: No focal hepatic abnormality. Mild central hepatic biliary ductal dilatation. The CBD is difficult to differentiate from surrounding tissues. Heart: Symmetrically enlarged, without focal abnormality, heart, liver, biliary, and gallbladder. Great vessels: Patient is status post interval repair, with patent origins of the 3 great arch vessels. Normal appearance of the pulmonary artery and its lobar branches. Musculoskeletal system and soft tissues: Healing median sternotomy.
This is an update of the original review published in 2004. The review of CT scans of the upper and lower cervical spine revealed that there is no evidence of aggressive bone lesions, except for a possible small anterior cortical erosion in the right mandible, although this may also represent prominent mental foramen. No evidence of periodontal abscess in this region. There is a sub-2 mm nodule in the left lower lobe (4:297). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Partially visualized cervical spine reveals presumably degenerative changes, including endplate sclerosis and vacuum phenomena. Upper Abdomen: For findings in the abdomen/pelvis, please see the separate CT report.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from the published up to July 2013. The review includes a total of 52 images of the thoracic spine. All images were taken from a computer-aided tomography (CT) scan. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The cystic lesion at the level of the inlet measuring up to 1.9 cm in series 3 image 52 is unchanged in size compared to the prior study and slightly deviates the esophagus to the left. The fluid within the anterior mediastinal compartment is also unchanged no adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating hepatic lesions which are too small to characterize on chest CT. Normal thyroid.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2015 and found one new and enlarging lung nodule, for instance a new lingular nodule adjacent to the medial most of the suture line (5/236) which is stable from prior. An enlarging right lower lobe nodule (2.0 x 1.2 cm), previously 1.4 x 0.6 cm, is seen. Another smaller 1 cm nodule is seen in the middle of the right trachea. No pleural effusion. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. There is mild centrilobular emphysema. Mild dependent secretions are seen within the right mainstem bronchus. There are multiple hyperdense foci within bilateral breasts, compatible with calcifications. Calcifications of the aortic valve are demonstrated. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable enlarged right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm. Stable mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 7 mm subaortic lymph node (5.173). Here is unchanged 8 mm hypodense nodule in the right thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Trace pericardial effusion is seen, which is compatible with small airway disease. No calcifications of coronary vessels are demonstrated, which are compatible with moderate coronary calcification. Ill-defined sclerosis in the mid sternum, correlates with previous FDG avidity in that region. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
This is a summary of the results of CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. There is no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Calcified right hilar lymph nodes, consistent with prior granulomatous disease. 5.2 cm heterogeneous left thyroid nodule with calcification and possible areas of necrosis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.
In this review, we found that the right middle lobe of the thoracic spine has decreased in size compared to the prior study, measuring up to 1.3 cm in series 5 image 314. Elevation of the right lower lobe nodularity is limited by the effusion in this region. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Moderate bilateral pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Diffuse esophageal wall thickening, similar to prior studies. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an updated version of the original report published in 2013. The patient is currently undergoing thyroid surgery for thyroid cancer. A small hiatal hernia is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen CT report.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the thoracic aorta. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable scattered pulmonary nodules measuring up to 3 mm along the fissure on the left in image 293. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Lower Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
There is a new small left pleural effusion with a loculation in the left fissure. Paraseptal emphysema is noted. There is a 5.0 x 2.2 cm gas-containing retrosternal fluid collection at the inferior aspect of the sternum (image 401, series 3). Additional smaller pockets of likely hemorrhagic fluid are noted in the anterior mediastinum. A trace pericardial effusion is present, likely also hemorrhagic. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The patient is status post sternotomy.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2010. This updated review shows that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Stable trace pericardial fluid, likely physiological.. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The review found that there is no evidence that any of the following are abnormal: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest port terminating in the cavoatrial junction. No aggressive bone lesions. The right chest port subcutaneous calcified nodule (5/299) is indeterminant. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Nodular densities in the thymic bed, likely representing a hyperplasia of the thyroid gland.
This review shows that there is no evidence of an aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review show that the left-sided chest port has not been removed. The heart is not enlarged. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in caliber. No pericardial effusion noted. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Focal wedge-shaped opacities in the posterior aspect of the bilateral upper lobes and left lower lobe are unchanged (image 74, 89, 90, 282 series 3). Focal areas of thickening along the right fissure also unchanged (e.g. image 224). There is no new pulmonary nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mucosal and/or luminal hyperdensity is seen in the fourth portion of the duodenum. Density within the right renal collecting system is partially visualized but likely excreted gadolinium contrast from the earlier MR abdomen/pelvis.
This review shows that there is some evidence that the bronchial wall is thickening. There is no evidence of an aggressive lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion. No pulmonary edema is seen.
This is a systematic review of the findings of the Cochrane review. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 6 mm in the left lower lobe including left upper lobe 4 mm nodule (4/234). Curvilinear scarring in the lingula and subsegmental atelectasis in the lower most right upper lobe are redemonstrated. Mild diffuse bronchiectasis. No pleural effusions. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: St stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.1 cm mm lower right paratracheal lymph node. Stable partially calcified subcentimeter right cardiophrenic lymph nodes. Redemonstration of enlarged heterogeneous right thyroid lobe. The left thyroid lobe is surgically absent. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 8 mm subaortic lymph node. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and stents. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of CT scans of the lungs, heart and vessels performed on the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. Stable central right middle lobe nodularity compared to 9/21/2021. New rounded groundglass opacities in the right upper lobe, favored to represent infection, including opportunistic/fungal pathogens. Small right pleural effusion, new from prior exam. No pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Improved right paratracheal/hilar adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Small pericardial effusion. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis.
This is a systematic review of the evidence. The evidence is current to August 2013. The review includes the following:. Lymph nodes: Nodularities along the major fissures, for example 4 mm nodule on the left side (3/257) and 5 mm on the right side (2/259), favored to represent intrafissural lymph nodes. Additionally numerous bilateral scattered lung nodules, representative examples include 5.5 mm right apical nodule (3,133), 3.5 cm upper lobe nodule, 6 mm paramediastinal right upper lobe (3) and left lower lobe paravertebral (3). Fine nodularities and ill-defined groundglass opacities along pulmonary ligament (3), 3/371). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Cervical spine hardware is noted. Mediastinum and lymph nodes: Diffuse mediastinal and bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy, including 1.4 cm, 1.3 cm and 1.2 cm subaortic lymph nodes in addition to enlarged interlobar lymph nodes bilaterally.
This review found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. The previous thymic hyperplasia is not appreciated on current study. Surgical material in the right breast again noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. Increased prominence of left axillary lymph nodes, likely secondary to recent Covid 19 vaccine administration in the left deltoid. No pericardial effusion. The heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes a new set of images of the heart, lungs, airways, and lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Curvilinear fat deposition in the left ventricular apex, likely attributable to prior infarct. Moderate coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Asymmetrically prominent right breast fibroglandular parenchyma.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 1.4 x 0.7 cm scarlike opacity in the right apex (5/78). Linear scarring in the left apex is also stable with adjacent mild traction bronchiectasis. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening is noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 8.5 mm lower right paratracheal lymph node. No new bibasilar linear bands of atelectasis/scarring. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Severe triple-vessel coronary and aortic calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild calcification of aortal valvular leaflets. Again seen compression deformity of the vertebral bodies of T7 and T10. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. The CT scan shows that the heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Small hiatal hernia. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the right breast are noted.
This is an update of an earlier version of this review, published in 2013. The review shows that there are no major changes in the structure of the thoracic spine. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 5 mm groundglass nodule in the left lower lobe in series 4 image 213 are unchanged. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No consolidations. No new or enlarging lung nodules. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The main outcomes of interest are the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Tortuous course of the descending aort. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Moderate scarring or atelectasis in the lingula and left lower lobe. Multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No new aggressive bony lesions. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pneumonic consolidation Moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions and adjacent atelectasis. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent mediastinal, internal mammary, bilateral axillary and lower deep cervical lymph nodes. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary calcifications Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Heterogeneous density of the bone marrow diffusely seen in the thoracic cage.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing the size and shape of the thoracic aorta, the left and right lungs, and the heart and vessels. The main outcomes of interest are the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis in the left base, however the left lung is significantly underexpanded compared to prior studies. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. Central airways are clear. No pneumothorax. No new aggressive bony lesions. The left axillary adenopathy measuring up to 1.4 cm short axis is stable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The cystic anterior mediastinal mass measures up to 7 x 3.7 cm in series 5 image 235 which is decreased from 10 x 5.9 cm on the prior study. Resolution of the right-sided pleural effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Mitral annulus and aortic annulus calcifications. Bilateral breast implants in place. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Decreasing trace pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the blood vessels). Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Post surgical changes of the spine with calcifications in the back soft tissues. Minorly reduced levels of calcification of the aortas and coronary arteries and slight decrease in the number of calcifications on the left-side of the heart.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. This update is up-to-date as of January 2014. The review includes the results of a total of five studies. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Again seen right upper lobe subpleural plate of consolidation/atelectasis with traction bronchiectasis, representing sequela of prior radiotherapy to the right breast. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. The right thyroid lobe is surgically absent. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Unchanged appearance to widespread lytic and sclerotic metastases involving the thoracacic cage.
The results of this review show that there is no evidence of an increase in the risk of aortic aneurysm. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is increasing numbers of centrilobular nodules and patchy groundglass throughout the lungs bilaterally. No new or enlarging suspicious pulmonary nodules. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
In this review, we found that there is evidence of pneumonia in the upper lobe of the trachea and mainstem bronchi. There is also evidence of fluid in the right major fissure of the aorta. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Follow-up CT in 6-12 weeks is recommended.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. This updated version is up to date as of January 2014. The review includes four images. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchial wall thickening and bronchiectasis. High density material in the right pleural space is likely related to prior pleurodesis. There is evidence of small airways disease in the left lower lobe of the lung. There are no pericardial effusion. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The aorta and aortic artery are normal in caliber. No atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Status post median sternotomy for repair of congenital pulmonary valve stenosis.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung masses or discrete solid pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate to large sized hiatal hernia. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Scattered calcified granulomas.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval right upper lobe wedge resection. Multiple pulmonary nodules which are unchanged from most recent CT on 3/24/2021. However, the largest subsolid nodule measuring 1.4 x 0.6 cm in the right lower lobe (series 5, image 240), demonstrates higher attenuation as compared to 12/18/2020. Bilateral lower lobe mosaicism, is compatible with small airway disease/air trapping. No pleural effusion. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.9 cm in diameter. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. There is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion, but there is a small hiatal hernia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
This review found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Moderate coronary calcifications and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Stable ectasia of the ascending aorta at 3.8 cm. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable left supraclavicular and mediastinal lymphadenopathy such as1.3 cm left para-aortic lymph node (4/120). Also stable 7 mm right cardiophrenic and distal paraesophageal 1 cm lymph node. St stable heterogeneity of the thyroid gland. Bilateral gynecomastia again noted. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Again seen bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis and linear bands of scarring/atelectasis. Again noted central pulmonary artery enlargement to 3.7 cm, may be suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is a summary of the results of the postoperative examination of the heart, lungs, lungs and airways. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions. Subacute fracture of the distal body of the sternum with callus formation. Remote healed fracture of a posterior right eighth rib. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Left worse than right bilateral peribronchial groundglass and consolidative opacities, compatible with aspiration/infection. Small left pleural effusion, but not severe.
This is a systematic review of changes in the structure and function of the heart, lungs, airways, and lymph nodes of patients with atypical infection or pulmonary edema. The review found that the heart appears normal in size. The airways are patent Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.2 cm lower right paratracheal lymph node (5/229). The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Subacute fractures of right fourth through sixth ribs. Three-vessel coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Redemonstration of upper lobe predominant paraseptal emphysema and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. New peribronchial bilateral upper lobe groundglass opacities.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review found that the left upper lobe of the bronchus had improved in size and volume, and the left lower lobe had decreased in volume. There was no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. There were no aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. A 1.2 cm right hilar nodule remained unchanged. The left breast lumpectomy and left axillary dissection revealed a calcification in the right breast. No calcification of the aorta or aortic valve calcifications. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Confluent soft tissue opacity surrounds the left hilum, AP window and paratracheal nodes as on prior exam. Subcentimeter anterior mediastinums and AP window are unchanged. Heart and Vessels: Heart is appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries and vessels. Coronary artery, aortics and valves calcifications were reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a systematic review of the findings of this review. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema and increased nodularities, suggestive of bronchiolitis. No new or enlarging solid lung nodules. Resolution of the previous moderate-sized right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. Again seen in the right lower lobe posterior costal pleural calcification which is nonspecific. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications. Stable mild dilatation of descending aorta at 4.1 cm. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The main findings of this review are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Persistently elevated right hemidiaphragm. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild aortic valvular calcifications. Moderate coronary calcification. The aorta is normal. Although the study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries; a filling defect within lingular segmental branch (5/228). Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Heterogeneous osseous structure of the thoracic cage with widespread faintly visualized lytic and sclerotic lesions, compatible with metastases.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema. Stable scattered nodules measuring up to 5 mm (see for example right lower lobe 5:279, left lower lobe 235). No new or enlarging nodules. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Right greater than left gynecomastia.
This is a systematic review of the findings of a randomised controlled trial (RCT) of the thoracic spine. The results of this review are current to January 2020. The main outcomes of interest are the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. No consolidations or groundglass. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an update of the original review from 10/21/2021. The review found that there is no evidence of infection in the postoperative period, but there is a worsening consolidation in the medial right upper lobe, which is likely to represent pneumonia, although underlying radiation pneumonitis is likely present. There is a loculated left hydropneumothorax, possibly from prior chest tube placement given morphology. There are extensive secretions in the trachea extending into the upper lobe and lower lobe bronchi. Two mediastinal drains are present. A surgical clip is noted in the left breast. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The aorta is normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The pericardial effusion, decreased from prior exam, may be due to the presence of an obstruction of the coronary artery. The T3 spacer has been removed since prior exam. There were no signs of osteopenia involving T1-T4, with gas and soft tissue infiltration in the postsurgical bed, may represent infection, and may be associated with postoperative infection. There was no evidence that there were any calcifications of coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior cervicothoracic fixation. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mild mediastinopathy, likely reactive.
This is a summary of the results of the radiographic examination of the thoracic spine. The main findings of this review are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No consolidations. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review, which was published in 2010. This updated version is based on a newer version of the original version, published in 2013. The review is up-to-date as of 10/19/2020. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable Sub-4 mm nodules are seen, for example in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 248. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. There is a small hiatal hernia. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. No pericardial effusion, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is an unchanged 6 mm sclerotic focus in the middle of the right posterior third rib, compatible with a bone island. Again seen is a marked pulmonary artery dilatation, measuring 4.0 cm, in the posterior inferior chest wall. Lower Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to March 2019 and found one new study that met the inclusion criteria for this review. They found that the following organs and structures were examined: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable focal bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe which likely represent sites of prior infection. Stable moderate loculated chronic appearing right-sided pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Peripheral reticulations in both the right lung and in the left lung base which may be related to chronic effusions. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Dilatations of the mitral annulus. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Post surgical changes consistent with prior splenectomy of the stomach. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial embolism. Normal course and caliber of the aortas and coronary arteries.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from the published up to July 2013. The review includes a total of five studies. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Redemonstration of lower lobe predominant bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thickening and multiple foci of mucoid impaction with scattered centrilobular nodules throughout the lungs compatible with small and large airways disease. Peripheral consolidation in the right upper and right lower lobes is slightly decreased. Multiple new groundglass opacities predominantly involving the upper lobes may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology. Additional scattered nodules measuring up to 4 mm are unchanged, for example in the left lower lobe on series 5, image 365.. No pleural effusions. Moderate hiatal hernia. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There is no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Stable T9 superior endplate compression deformity.
This is a summary of the results of the post-surgery examination of the tracheobronchial tree. The review found no new or enlarging nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Improved postoperative changes in the left axilla with decreased irregular soft tissue opacity since prior exam. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Atrophic thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: New small right pleural effusion from prior. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval decreased size of previously prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 5 mm subaortic lymph node (4/180, previously measured 8.5 mm). No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Stable trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest port terminating in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, we examined the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a cystic cystic tracheobronchial tree. There is emphysema and large airways disease. No pneumonia or heart and edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged right paratracheal lymph node measures 11 mm and treated axis, increased from 6 mm on prior exam. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Punctate aortic valvular calcification is noted. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Long-term follow-up is recommended.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. This update is up-to-date as of January 2014. The review includes the results of the following studies: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Interval decrease in right pleural effusion with small amount of pleural fluid remaining. Mild interval decrease in nodularity along the right major fissure, now up to 1.9 cm, previously up to 2.2 cm (4:239). No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. Stable nodule or lymph nodes: Stable 6 mm right pericardiophrenic node. St stable subcentimeter mediastinal nodes. No new nor enlarging nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Small hiatus hernia. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Known left breast malignancy with overlying skin thickening. Diffuse osseous metastatic disease, similar to prior exam. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some with increased sclerosis indicating healing. Please see concurrent bone scan. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
This is a systematic review of changes in the structure of the thoracic spine. The main outcomes of interest are the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. No consolidations. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. The review includes a total of four images. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no pericardial effusion. No suspicious nodules or masses. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Minimal punctate aortic calcifications are noted. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right-sided rib fractures. High density material in the gallbladder likely represents vicarious excretion of contrast from recent cardiac catheterization. Hypodensity in the right hepatic lobe (series 3, image 330), too small to characterize.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable 6 mm nodular opacity associated to an area of scarring in the left upper lobe and superior segment of the left lower lobe, likely related to prior granulomatous disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2013. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2018. The review includes a total of six images. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse bronchiectasis and scattered foci of mucoid impaction. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. The esophagus is patulous and contains intraluminal debris. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with biatrial enlargement. Moderate coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Similar nodular thickening of the left adrenal gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postprocedural changes again seen in the right breast, including biopsy clips. Small bilateral Bochdalek hernias again noted.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. This updated version is up to date as of January 2013. The original version of the review was published in 2009. The review includes a total of six images. The main findings of this updated version are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. There is no evidence of interstitial lung disease. No air trapping on the expiratory images. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the left breast. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mild mediastinal adenopathy measuring up to 11 mm in size, may represent an intrapulmonary lymph node. Bandlike linear opacities at the bases likely represent atelectasis. Triangular nodule along the right major fissure (series 4, image 192), also likely an intra-lymph node.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to July 2019 and found one new study from July 2021, which compared the results of this review with the results from a previous study. The review found that: 1. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe airway disease including bronchial wall thickening, bronchiectasis, and mucoid impaction with tree-in-bud opacities and peribronchial consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. 2. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. 3. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcifications in the right hilar and subcarinal distribution. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules. 4. Upper Abdomen: The cystic mass in the mid upper abdomen is partially visualized and appears similar to prior studies. No new adenopathy. 5. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. 6. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. The new version is up to date as of January 2013. The review includes four images. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the airways) or pericordia (a swelling of the heart). The heart is normal in size. The ascending aorta measures 3.4 cm. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Cholelithiasis again noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Stable subcentimeter heterogeneous nodule in the right thyroid gland. Simple left renal cyst. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hepatic hypodensities remain too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the thoracis spine.
This review assesses the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe emphysema. Multilobar mild bronchiectasis. Further interval decrease in right upper lobe bandlike opacities consistent with healing. New 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lobe (5:263). Scarring in the right middle lobe. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pleural effusion. Moderate-sized hiatus hernia. Fluid is noted in a distended esophagus to the level of the inlet. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Prior partial gastrectomy.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2014. The original version was published in 2013. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion or consolidation. There is a new 5 mm right lower lobe nodule (series 5, image 280) as well as an enlarging 8 mm left fissural nodule. No pericardial effusion. The ascending aorta is aneurysmal to 4.6 cm in size. There are mild aortic valvular calcifications. The pulmonary artery is normal in caliber. Mild coronary artery. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the spine. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Heart and Vessels: Right-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart is normal.
This is a summary of the results of the post-mastectomy examination of the left breast. The breast is normal in size. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is no pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
In this review, we assessed the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Stable biapical scarring. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Moderate adenopathy with central necrosis is unchanged in size compared to the prior study including right lower paratracheal nodes measuring up to 1.9 cm short axis and right hilar nodes measuring 1.1 cm shorter axis. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is a summary of the results of the post-lumpectomy and post-axillary dissection of the left upper lobe of the right middle lobe. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Minimal post radiation changes in the subpleural right upper lobe from prior left breast radiotherapy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerosis of T11 vertebral body. Increased sclerosis at T6 and T10 posterior elements. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Please see separately dictated bone scan.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The review includes the results of two mastectomies and two flap reconstructions of the thyroid gland. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the superior segment of right lower lobe (4/213). Left lower lobe linear band of atelectasis/scarring. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy including internal mammary and axillary groups. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Anchor suture in the right humeral head, status post rotator cuff repair.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules which have previously been evaluated with thyroid ultrasound. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, we found that there were no aggressive bone lesions in the thoracic spine. However, there was some evidence of scarring in the lower lobe of the thyroid gland. There was also some evidence that the central airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was found. The thyroid gland has a subcentimeter hypodense nodule in the right lobe. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the lymph nodes, but there is evidence that there is some scarring of the upper thyroid gland, which may be due to the presence of a thyroid gland nodule. We found no evidence that any of the other parts of the body were affected. The findings of this review are up to date as of May 2014.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening, probably related to airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. The scan shows that the heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. The previously noted new left lower lobe nodule has resolved. No aggressive bone lesions. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The anterior upper lobes are likely related to prior radiation. The overall quality of the scan was very good.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2013. The new version is up to date as of January 2015. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical pleural scarring. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules, including a 2 mm left upper lobe nodule (series 5, image 132) and a 3 mm right upper lobe (series 58) are unchanged. No new lung nodules identified. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Enlarged heterogeneous thyroid gland better evaluated on the prior dedicated ultrasound. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. No calcified granulomas. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: None.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from the published up to March 2021. The main findings of this review are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Complete atelectasis of the right lower lobe with near complete absence of the left lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Ill-defined subcarinal soft tissue mass measuring up to 3.3 cm short axis in series 4 image 198 which also likely encases the right mainstem bronchus. This finding is new compared with the abdominal CT from March 2021 for example. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from clinical trials of people with advanced thoracic spine. The review found that there is no evidence to support the use of surgery to remove the cancerous nodules. No new nodules have been found since the previous study from December 2020. Some of these nodules including the right upper lobe groundglass nodules are slightly increased in size going back to study from October 2016. Other nodules, including a 2.4 cm left-sided thyroid nodule which is unchanged compared to recent studies, have not changed in size since the prior study. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy and surgery for breast cancer on the lungs, heart, lungs, and abdomen. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Scattered clusters of tree-in-bud nodules, especially in the upper lobes. Stable 4 mm right middle lobe nodule since at least 2015 consistent with benign etiology (4:294). Stable micronodule to the right lower lobe since 2016. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Postradiation changes in the left upper lobe and lingula from prior left breast radiotherapy. Clusters of calcified granulomata. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral valvular apparatus calcification. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Bilateral renal hypodensities too small to characterize. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Partially imaged abdominal aortal graft.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. This updated version is up to date as of January 2014. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are bibasilar fibrotic changes and traction bronchiectasis with worsening atelectasis and groundglass opacities and new small effusions likely reflective of chronic aspiration, superimposed infection possible. No pericardial effusion. The patient's blood pool is low in attenuation consistent with anemia. There is scoliosis of the spine. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is similar thickening of the lower esophagus with an associated moderate-sized hiatal hernia. A simple appearing left renal cyst is again noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The aorta is stable. There are no signs of aortic aneurysm. Upper Abdomen: The upper abdomen appears to have a chronic deformity of the right posterior seventh rib, likely related to remote surgery or trauma. A 3 mm right upper lobe nodule (image 92, series 3) is stable, but there is no evidence of infection. The lower abdomen appears normal.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review of the literature found that there is no evidence that the heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuating, suggestive of iron deposition. There are no pleural effusions. The liver is normal, but the liver is not large enough to be considered healthy. The heart is too large to be classified as having a heart attack. The right upper and the left upper and lower lobes of the heart have peribronchovascular groundglass airspace opacities in the right upper lobe and bilateral lower lobe, respectively. The left upper lobe of the right lung has a paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema, with a 14.4 cm bulla at the upper lobe apex and 14.3 cm at the anterior aspect of the lower lobe. There was no pneumothorax. Bones and soft tissue: There is fusion of the proximal aspects of the posterior ribs at T4 and T5.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes a comprehensive assessment of the following:. Chest: Multiple pulmonary nodules are noted, measuring up to 2.2 cm, compatible with metastases. Bronchiectasis in bilateral lower lobes is again noted. The central airways are patent. The heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2009. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2013. The review includes three new images.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent compressive atelectasis and pleural-parenchymal fibrotic changes. There is no pericardial effusion. The central airways are patent. The heart appears qualitatively enlarged in size. Mitral valve replacement is noted. Coronary artery and aortic vascular calcifications are seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent 1.6 cm subcarinal lymph node (series 3 image 209) is increased since prior examination. Additional subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes appear more prominent since prior, for instance a 0.9 cm paratracheal lymph node. Calcified granulomas noted within the right middle lobe. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Intra-articular loose bodies noted in the left shoulder joint. There are no aggressive osseous lesions. A VP shunt catheter is partially visualized traversing the left chest wall. A 1.7 cm nodule lower focus is seen adjacent to the right pectoralis muscle. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2009. The new version is up-to-date as of January 2013. The review includes four images. The main findings are as follows:. Chest: The left chest tubes have been removed. There is continued interval decrease in size in attenuation of left pleural effusion, compatible with expected evolution. Trace pericardial effusion is unchanged. Foci of air in the left intercostal spaces are related to previous chest tube tract (images 215 and 235, series 4), likely related to Airspace consolidation in the lingula and left lower lobe has decreased. A calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe is again noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Bones and soft tissue: Old right anterior rib fractures aren't changed. The heart size is stably enlarged. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle is hypoattenuation of the blood pool compatible with known anemia. Upper abdomen: The stent graft extends from the proximal descending thoracic aorta to the abdominal aort, with the abdominal portion partially visualized. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence from clinical trials. The evidence is current to February 2019. The main outcomes of interest are the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm, including a right apical nodule on series 3, image 120. Nodularity is unchanged compared to 10/19/2020. Lingular tree-in-bud nodules are again seen, and are likely inflammatory in nature. There is a chronic small left pleural effusion. A stable expansile lesion involves the right lateral fifth rib. A right sternalis muscle is seen. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There are severe coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the blood vessels). There are scattered calcified granulomas. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Bibasilar atelectasis is seen, which is a condition in which the blood supply to the lungs is affected by the body's own immune response to the stress of the body. The left paramediastinal 1.2 cm soft tissue nodule and adjacent pleural thickening is more conspicuous compared to most recent CT, however similar in size compared to the prior study and is decreased in size when compared to prior studies. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Again seen are extensive lytic lesions throughout the visualized thoracis spine, sternum, and bilateral ribs. Cholelithiasis is seen in the upper abdominal cavity. A small hiatal hernia is partially visualized overlying the right shoulder.
This is a summary of the results of the post-surgery examination of the left upper lobe of the chest wall. There is a 9 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, increased from 3 mm on prior exam. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion, and the aorta is normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: New adenopathy in the AP window measuring 2.1 cm in short axis. Gynecomastia noted. Postoperative changes in the left lateral chest wall are likely to be related to the surgery.
This is an update of the original review published in 2009. The review includes a new set of results from a new study. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs: The lungs are clear. The heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. There are small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left, with dependent atelectasis of the left lower lobe. Small amount of pleural fluid also tracks along the right major fissure. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. The abdomen is clear. There was no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
This is a summary of the results of a systematic review of the available evidence. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Mild secretions within the trachea. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No new nodules identified. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: A 1.2 cm left supraclavicular lymph node has decreased in size, previously measuring 1.5 cm, and an 8 mm prevascular mediastinal lymph node previously measured 1.0 cm. Similar T12 vertebral body superior endplate deformity. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is an updated version of the original report published in 2013. The main findings of this updated report are as follows: Lung nodules remain stable, the largest is a right perihilar nodule measuring 2.4 cm. There is no pleural effusion. Mediastinal lymphadenopathy is stable, for example a 1.2 cm right paratracheal node (144, series 5). No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This is an updated version of the original report published in 2009. This updated report is based on a new set of scans. The main findings of this updated report are as follows: (1) There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. (2) Several tiny lung nodules are stable, for example a 2 mm nodule in the right upper lobe (image 99, series 4). (3) No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. The CT scan was performed on 6/10 and 8/25/2021. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. Atelectasis at the bases bilaterally. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: 11 mm left supraclavicular lymph node is similar to multiple prior CT scans. Stable prominence right peritracheal lymph nodes. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: There is a right IJ chemotherapy port in place, with tip terminating in the SVC. There is an aneurysm of the left ventricular apex with thrombus again noted although less conspicuous compared to prior exam, likely related to differences in technique. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the spine.
This review found that there is evidence that there are multiple calcified lung nodules consistent with granulomas. Moderate upper lobe predominant emphysema is present. Scarring is noted in the upper lobes. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or effusion is seen.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review published in 2015. This updated version shows that the heart is normal in size. No evidence of interstitial lung disease. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Renal cyst at the upper pole of the right kidney. Emphysema. Bibasilar atelectasis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes information on the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Post radiation changes in the subpleural left upper lobe and lingula from prior left breast radiotherapy. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Healed right-sided rib fractures. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Coarse calcifications in the liver. Mild sclerosis is noted compatible with healing. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Displaced fractures of the left fourth through seventh ribs.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Clusters of tiny lung nodules at the right lung base are likely infectious/inflammatory in etiology. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. A 4 mm groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe is nonspecific and may be infectious/inflammatory in etiology (image 92, series 4). There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are bilateral thyroid nodules measuring up to 1.4 cm on the right. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. This updated version is up to date as of January 2013. The review includes three new images. The main findings are as follows:. Chest: Centrilobular emphysema is again noted. Spiculated left upper lobe nodule measures 6 x 3 mm, previously 13 x 11 mm. There are similar subpleural opacities at the anterior aspect of the right upper lobe. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The heart size is normal. Subcentimeter incidental nodes are unchanged, as evidenced by a 6 mm precarinal node (image 172, series 3). There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Upper abdomen: Limited visualized portions of the upper abdomen are unremarkable. There was no pericardial effusion. Scattered pulmonary nodules are unchanged.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The review is up to date as of May 2014.
This is a systematic review of the findings of a series of CT scans of the diaphragm. The main findings of this review are as follows: (1) small sub-5 mm lung nodules are stable, for example in the right middle lobe on image 344 of series 4. Again seen are small bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis, increased on the right. No thoracic lymphadenopathy is identified. (2) Enlarged thyroid gland with multiple nodules is again seen. (3) Multiple old spinal compression fractures and rib fractures. (4) The heart is enlarged.
There is a decreased small to moderate right pleural effusion, partially loculated. Associated atelectasis is also decreased. However, it appears improved as evidenced by 1.5 cm pleural metastasis anteriorly that was 1.8 cm and a decreased 2.6 cm right perihilar mass. Mediastinal lymphadenopathy has improved. Previously seen destructive lesions in the right anterior ribs are now more sclerotic. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
There are stable postoperative changes of right upper lobectomy. Scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules are stable, for example a peribronchial nodule in the left upper lobe on image 155 of series 3. Mild emphysema is noted. There is no pleural effusion. Mild mediastinal lymphadenopathy is stable. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. The liver is fatty.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published on 7/15/2020. In this updated version, the heart and vessels are normal in size. There are minimal atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There is emphysema and large airways disease. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Bilateral breast augmentation. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, we found that a 1 cm left upper lobe nodule in series 5 image 103 is increased from 8 mm on the prior study. Thickening along the fissure in the left lung is unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Enlarged heterogeneous thyroid which is previously evaluated on thyroid ultrasound. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Trace pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic bony metastatic disease is similar distribution compared to the previous study.
This is a summary of the results of a systematic review of the available evidence. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 9 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule in series 5 image 156 are unchanged. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Intramuscular lipomas in the right shoulder left back, a benign finding. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lucent lesion in the left fourth rib, which is stable compared to the prior study and remains indeterminate. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to January 2013 and found no new or enlarging nodules. The following are the findings of this review:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable right upper lobe groundglass opacities (5:128 and 146). Scattered stable micronodules (for example 5:40,55, 116). Previously noted pleural effusions have resolved. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an updated version of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2013. The review includes a total of six images. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No consolidations. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracous adenopathy. There is an elongated nodule along the major fissure on the right in image 260 and on the left in image 204 which likely represents an intrapulmonary lymph node. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, we looked at the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. The partially calcified right lung mass in series 4 image 145 for example is unchanged compared to the prior study measuring up to 5.8 x 2.5 cm. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aort. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Soft tissue in the right hilum is unchanged. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules are unchanged. Muscular lipoma in the left back, a benign finding. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is a summary of the findings of the TAVR. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Enlarged 7 mm spiculated nodule in the right lower lobe, previously 3 mm (4:378; previous exam 5:373). Enlarging 4 mm left apex nodule, previously 2 mm (5:62). Additional scattered sub-4 mm nodules are unchanged. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The heart and vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive osseous lesion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heterogeneous thyroid. Coarse calcifications in both breasts. Scattered calcified granulomas. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T4 compression fracture. Patulous esophagus. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No new consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lingula. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This review found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The largest inferior lingular paracardiac nodule measuring 2.4 x 1.6 cm (5/307) previously measured 2.8 cm (2/307). The largest low-density thyroid nodule in the right thyroid lobe measuring 1.2 cm (1/307), previously measured 1.1 cm, is stable. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or enlarged thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with thoracic aortic stenosis. The review authors found one study that met the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review. They found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular and paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcific effusions throughout the supraclavicular, mediastinal, and hilar, and para-aortic distributions. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This review found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate coronary calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are better delineated on 9/9/2021 CT scan of the abdomen.
This is an update of the original review published in November 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. Stable 3 mm nodules in the right upper lobe (5/128), middle lobe paramediastinal 6 mm nodule and the left upper lobe 3.5mm nodule. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery. No consolidations. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. This updated version is up to date as of April 2021.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Evolving post radiation changes in the right upper lobe and perihilar region. Superior segment right lower lobe paravertebral mass now measures 3.9 x 3.1 cm. Enlarging left upper lobe nodule, now 6 mm, previously 4 mm (4:82; previous exam 5:92; not present in April 2021). No pleural effusion. Small hiatus hernia. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the blood vessels) or periectomies. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Small thrombus noted in the distal right internal jugular vein again noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This review found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Stable left upper lobe mild fibrotic changes, status post radiotherapy to the left breast. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. The airways are patent. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable widespread lytic and sclerotic osseous metastases involving the rib cage. Postoperative changes of bilateral mastectomy and breast implants.
The findings of this review are based on the findings of the body imaging section. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are large bilateral pleural effusions, pulmonary edema as well as focal parenchymal opacities and consolidation in both lower lobes. These findings likely represent a combination of congestive heart failure/fluid overload superimposed to pneumonia. Nasogastric tube in the stomach Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Moderate coronary artery calcification burden Upper Abdomen: Findings in the abdomen were separately reported separately. Endotracheal tube in good position Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increase in size of right paratrachea nodes likely reactive secondary to the pneumonia.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2009. The review includes three new studies. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval resolution of the previous left pleural effusion with cleared groundglass and consolidative opacities. Stable enlargement of the central pulmonary artery at 4.2 cm, suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and scattered calcified plaques along the aorta. The kidneys are atrophic. Upper Abdomen: Gastrostomy feeding tube is again noted. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of a systematic review of the available studies of the thoracic spine. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable postoperative changes of the left upper lobe. Continued growth of lung nodules including a 1.3 cm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 342 which previously measured 0.9 cm. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Lower Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
In this review, we assessed the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable right upper lobe reticulonodular opacities and mild traction bronchiolectasis which may be related to chronic inflammatory process. No pleural effusions. Stable 8 mm triangular intrafissural nodule adjacent to right minor fissure (4/213) is enlarged from 4.5 mm on prior. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate coronary calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: St stable subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes, not enlarged by size criteria, for example 1 cm lower right paratracheal lymph node. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild dependent groundglass opacities likely reflect atelectasis. Stable 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe. Scattered stable sub-4 mm nodules (for example 5:301). No consolidation or pleural effusion. The central airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable subcarinal node measuring up to 1 cm. No aggressive bone lesions. Spinal fixation hardware partially visualized. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, likely secondary to expiratory phase acquisition. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable thyroid nodularities, some partially calcified. No aggressive bone lesions. Loop recorder embedded in the subcutaneous tissue of the anterior left chest wall. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an update of the original review published in February 2019. The review found that the heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of descending aorta at 4.1 cm. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No significant air trapping on expiratory series. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Triple-vessel coronary calcification and stents. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Stable enlargement of central pulmonary artery to 3.3 cm, may suggest pulmonary arterial hypertension.
This is an updated version of the original review. The review is up-to-date as of January 2014. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Secretions in the carina with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Severe upper lobe predominant emphysema. Interval resolution of bilateral pleural effusions. No extraluminal leak of contrast noted (please see separately dictated concurrent esophagram). The previously noted defect in the right lateral esophageal wall (prior exam 5:67) is still present but decreased in size adjacent to a region of increased scarring. The pocket of air adjacent to the left lateral wall of the esophagus seen on prior exam (5:129) has nearly resolved and may represent a fold. Mild decrease in right hilar node, now 13 mm, previously 15 mm. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are present. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Separately dictated. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. Right upper extremity PICC tip terminates in the SVC.
In this review, we found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Stable 2.6 x 1.3 cm right-sided chest port intramuscular lipoma. Upper Abdomen: Stable left adrenal myolipoma. Again seen medial right lower lobe periosteophyte scarring and left posterior basilar linear atelectasis adjacent to fat-containing Bochdalek hernia on the left side.
This is a summary of the results of the most recent post-mortem examination, which was carried out on 7/22/2020. The results of this review are current to July 2019. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of fibrotic interstitial lung disease, including lower lobe predominant reticulations, architectural distortion and bronchiectasis are similar to the previous prior exam. The central airways are patent. No consolidation or pleural effusion. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.7 cm suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple prominent subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes are likely reactive. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Surgical clips in the right neck likely related to prior parathyroidectomy. Lower Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No honeycombing appreciated. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size.
In this review, we found no new or enlarging thoracic adenopathy including internal mammary and axillary groups. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable compression deformity of the superior endplates of T8, T9 and T10. No pleural effusions. Post-vertebroplasty changes of bilateral mastectomy and flap reconstruction. No new or expanding solid lung nodules. Obstructive hernia: Stable moderate-sized hiatal hernia and patulous esophagus. Again seen right lower lobe linear and subsegmental atelectasis. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: L1 Post vertebroplastectomy changes. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is a systematic review of the findings of this review. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable cluster of nodules along the right major fissure (4:204) and 3 mm right lower lobe nodule. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes the results of the most recent post-radiotherapy study. The main outcomes of interest are the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval decreased fluid component of right apical hemopneumothorax (4/353). Redemonstration of right worse than left suprahilar post radiotherapy changes, likely sequela to prior radiation to the neck. Unchanged left greater than right small to moderate-sized bilateral pleural effusions. No new pneumonic consolidation. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules within the aerated parts of the lungs. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable postsurgical changes of median sternotomy and repair of ascending aortic aneurysm. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This review shows that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Atrophic thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Post surgical changes in the anterior chest wall with no residual soft tissue. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. We found no new or enlarging thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 5 mm adjacent to right major fissures (4/357). Scattered calcified granulomas again noted. The left thyroid lobe and isthmic nodularities. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. The right chest port terminating in the distal SVC. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging lymph nodes. Interval decreased size of anterior mediastinal now 8 mm nodule, may represent a lymph node or thymic remnant. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This is a systematic review of the evidence from the medical literature to assess the effects of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) on the lungs, heart, liver, kidneys, and other organs of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Secretions in the trachea and at the level of the carina. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening related to airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Foci of distal mucoid impaction are noted (for example right upper lobe 3:228). Upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema and increased subpleural reticulations in the left lower lobe. No significant change in groundglass opacities associated to an area of emphysesma. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Mild coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatus hernia. Visualized thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Partially imaged cyst in the right kidney. Left hepatic lobe cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Scoliosis and multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
In this review, we found that the overall size and distribution of numerous bilateral predominantly groundglass nodules is not significantly changed, including a 4 mm left upper lobe nodule (series 4, image 197) and 4 mm right upper lobe (series 5, image 91). Findings have been present since at least 2016. No definite new nodules identified. The central airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The review found that the heart appears to be normal in size. No coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. Secretions in the left mainstem bronchus. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the right lower lobe (4/280). No new or enlarging nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest port terminating in the distal SVC. Unremarkable thyroid gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The original review was published in 2012. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2015. The review includes a total of 12 images. All images were taken at full expiration and are nondiagnostic.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Associated nodular and groundglass opacities are stable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No honeycombing. Thymic hyperplasia. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aorta is normal. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Larger lesions are again noted, including a left lower lobe mass measuring 4.7 x 3.4 cm, consolidative soft tissue in the left upper lobe extending to the hilum, and multiple nodules in the right upper and lower lobes. The anterior nodule in the upper lobe (series 4, image 148), is increasing in size over several recent recent exams, but the others are unchanged. There is a small chronic left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Flowing anterior osteophytes are consistent with diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH). Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No mediastinal adenopathy by CT size criteria.
The review authors searched the medical literature up to May 2014 and found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Stable right lung nodules (5:139, 280, 297) and opacity in the lingula (5,239). No new or enlarging nodules. Post radiation changes in the subpleural left upper lobe and lingula from prior left breast radiotherapy. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Coarse calcifications and/or biopsy clips in the right breast. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
In this review, we found that the main pulmonary artery measures up to 4.3 cm in the axial plane, which is unchanged compared to prior studies. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Right hilar adenopathy measuring up to 1.6 cm short axis, slightly increased in size from 1.37 m on the prior study. Other mediastinal lymph nodes are unchanged. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Left-sided pacer device with leads in the right atrium and right ventricle. Right atrial wall calcifications. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an updated version of the original review. The review is up-to-date as of January 2014.
This review assesses the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the trachea and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Lower lobe predominant mild bronchiectasis. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aortic arch (normal variant). Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the liver measuring above simple fluid, previously characterized as hemangiomata. No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcification in the right breast. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, we found that the size of the right upper lobe groundglass nodule measuring 1.5 cm in series 2 image 20 is unchanged compared to the most recent study from November 2020 and is stable going back to the lung cancer screening from October 2019. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Stable nodularity of the bilateral adrenal glands. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2013. The review includes the results of surgery to remove the right upper lobe of the left lower lobe and the middle lobe wedge resection. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Mucous secretions in the proximal trachea. Stable low-density lesion in the right hepatic lobe, likely a cyst and 1.3 cm right adrenal nodule. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable moderate-sized hiatal hernia and thyroid nodularities. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review includes a total of 14 studies. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Respiratory motion artifact obscures fine parenchymal detail, especially at the bases. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild scarring in the anterior segment of the right upper lobe and medial segment of both the right lower lobe. Scattered calcified granulomata. The ovoid opacity at the left lung base identified on the plain radiograph corresponds to an ovoid granuloma. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial enlargement. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Coronary artery, aortic valve and aorti indications. Small hiatus hernia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Hemangioma in T7 vertebral body. Calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph nodes, sequela of prior granulumatous disease. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thicknessening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged bilateral renal cysts and other hypodensities too small to characterize. Left hepatic hypodensity, statistically likely to represent a cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Compression deformities of C6 and C7 vertebra bodies, partially imaged.
This is an update of the original review published in 2004. The review includes a new set of images from a new study published in 2013. The main findings are as follows.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Clusters of micronodules, for example at the right lung base and in the left upper lobe periphery (3:122, 344), probably related to airways disease. No pericardial effusion. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 42 mm. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right hilar node is not discerned on this noncontrast examination. No enlarged lymph nodes. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. This updated version is up-to-date as of January 2013. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The right pleural effusion has slightly increased with interval increased compression atelectasis in the right base. No pericardial effusion. Stable size of right apical cavitary lesion measuring 8.5 x 4 x 3.7 cm (TR, CC and AP diameters respectively), communicating with apical bronchus of the right upper lobe (image 146 of series 603). Again seen diffuse bronchiectasis and bilateral peripherally distributed fibrotic like arcades, likely sequela of prior Covid 19 pneumonia. The airways are patent. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. The central pulmonary artery is upper normal, may be suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mild coronary calcifications again noted. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Dextroscoliosis. St stable right shoulder lipoma. Upper Abdomen: Nodular surface of the liver, suggestive of chronic parenchymal liver disease. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Status post splenectomy.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheal bronchial tree is patent. Widespread pulmonary metastatic disease. No significant change in size of the nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an update of the original review published in February 2017. The review found no new thoracic adenopathy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Redemonstration of upper lobe predominant emphysema and increased nodularities in the upper lobes, likely representing bronchiolitis. Anterior mediastinal 9 and 8 mm short axis nodules (3/181) are unchanged over multiple priors dating back to June 2017, may represent thymic remnant. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Remote healed bilateral rib fractures. Mild gynecomastia is again noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is a systematic review of scans of the thoracic spine to determine whether there is any new or enlarging of subpleural scarring. In this review, we found that there is no evidence that there has been any significant change in the size or shape of any of the subpleura or subapical nodules. We also found no evidence of any new adenopathy in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal size and healthy. Other nodules including the nodule adjacent to the cyst in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 142 which corresponds to the treated lesion, 6 mm right apical nodule image 153 and the smaller nodules in the left base including a 4 mm nodule in image 383 are unchanged. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right hilar node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis in series 3 image 231 is unchanged. No new nodules have been identified. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary arteries are normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an update of the original review published in 2004. The review is up-to-date as of January 2013. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. No new or enlarging nodules. Remainder of the central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Unchanged tree-in-bud nodules in the right lower lobe. Stable 6 mm left lower lobe nodule (3:248) and stable 6 mm of the right upper lobe (4:248). Stable 4 mm left adrenal myelolipoma. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Hepatic steatosis. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Main pulmonary artery measures 34 mm. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve and calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: None.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of patients with nonweight bearing status or nonweightbearing disease. They found one study from 2019 that compared the two types of treatment. The review authors found that the two studies were of similar quality, and the results were similar in terms of quality of life. The evidence is current to January 2019. The main findings of this review are as follows:. Chest: There is an endotracheal tube with tip 2.9 cm from the carina. No pericardial effusion. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules greater than 5 mm identified. There is a gastrostomy tube with a tip and balloon within the gastric body lumen. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The visualized bowel is not obstructed. No aggressive osseous lesions or acute bony abnormalities are seen. The cardiac chambers appear grossly normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. S-shaped thoracolumbar spinal curve is seen, which may be partially positional. The airways are patent with retained secretions in the lower bronchi (for example series 3 image 230), with similar to minimally increased lower lobe distal airway bronchiectasis. Visualized vasculature is unremarkable, and there are locules of air within the bilateral subclavicular vasculation, presumably related to intravenous contrast injection (series 3 image 61, 87, image 107). Abdomen: Mixed arterial and portal venous phase of contrast. There were no CT findings of inflammation at the GE junction.
This is a summary of the findings of this review. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Persistent trace right pleural effusion with adjacent compressive atelectasis. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1 cm, for example a 1.0 cm right paratracheal lymph node and a 1 cm prevascular lymph node. Scattered calcified granulomas. Thyroid gland: Mildly enlarged heterogeneous thyroid gland with scattered calcifications. Heart and Vessels: The heart is stably enlarged. Vascular calcification noted throughout the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This review assesses the effects of surgery to remove the cancerous tissue from the left breast. The results show that the cancer spread to other parts of the body, including the lungs, heart, lungs, and heart. The cancer spread from the breast to the lungs and heart, and spread to the heart and lungs. The disease spread to both lungs and the heart, but not to the aortic and coronary arteries. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Stable compression deformities of multiple thoracic vertebral bodies. No pericardial effusion. Scattered areas of scarring in the right middle right lower lobe. Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe adjacent to chronic elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusions. Aortic calcifications and biopsy clip in the the right breast. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of adenopathy in the lymph nodes. No signs of metastatic disease. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Widespread osseous metastatic diseases in the soft tissues of the breast. No calcifications in the heart or aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Status post left mastectomy with implant reconstruction and dissection.
This is a summary of the findings of the review. The main findings of this review are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion (a narrowing of the airways). Moderate triple vessel coronary artery calcifications and calcification of the aortic valve. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple prevascular mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.2 cm (there is 5, image 218) as well as a 1.8 cm left supraclavicular lymph node (image 90). No hilar lymphadenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is a summary of the findings of this review.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 4 mm nodule at the left lung base (3:405). Mild bronchiectasis in the left lower lobe. No new or enlarging nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Minimal aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
