one side of the armed conflicts is made up mostly of the sudanese army and the janjaweed, a group of soldiers from the afro-arab abbala tribe of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the main place to go to meccom, islam's holy city, which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their life.
the great dark spot is thought to look like a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune.
his next work, saturday, is an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
the tarantula, the trickster character, spilt a black cord and, attached it to the ball, ran away fast to the east pulling on the cord with all his strength.
there he died six weeks later, on 13 january 888.
they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea.
since 2000, the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000.
following the drummers are dancer, who often play the sogo -lrb- a small drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more fancy — even acrobatic — dance.
the spacecraft is made up of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomers giovanni domenico cassini, and the esa huygens probe, after the dutch astronomers, mathematician and physicist christiaan hulygens.
alessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola is an italian former football player.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a ba in -lrb- related to -rrb- degree.
however, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as is in favor of a vote about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the 19th century, with european settlement.
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
in its pure form, dextromethorphan happens as a white powder.
admission to tsinghua is very competitive.
today nrc is organised as an independent, private foundation.
it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea, where it surrounds the city of stralsund.
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
for example, king bhumibol was born on monday, so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
1. both names became gone in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland.
nevertheless, tagore emulated many styles, including craft work from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb-, and woodcut by max pechstein.
on october 14, 1960, presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace group on the steps of michigan union.
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
perry saturn -lrb- withterri -rrb- beat eddie guerrero to win the wwf european championship.
she remained in the u.s. until 1927 when she and her husband came back to france.
despina was found in late july, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia.
he also completed two collection of short stories called the ribbajack & other strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus.
the british decided to end him and take the land by force.
some towns on the eyre road in the south-east area of western australia, between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna, do not follow official west australians time.
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays, which are used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
the other city on the palos verdes peninsula is made up of the towns, hills, and hills.
fearing that drek will take over the space rock, clank asks ratchet to help him find the well-known -lrb- famous -rrb- captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
it is not really a true louse.
he supports the use of a user-based design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream class.
it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the outer waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of thehebrides.
on and his wife liked alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008.
the minor planet center, a branch of the iau, oversees the formal minor planet designations.
by early on september 30, wind shear began to increase and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugge of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result, although many mosques will not punish those who have not done anything, both men and women when going to a mosque must follow these rules.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques, published in 1991.
1. roman prosser -lrb- born 10 july, 1988 -rrb- is a professional wrestling union player for the guinness premiership.
like previous test reports, it consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris, and their son, who was named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
this letter was the standard for the rest of victoria's reign, and large amounts were printed.
the world's first mma league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion.
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this, cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie, left behind ii : Trial force, and left the world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck " williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river, later called " prussia proper ".
after he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew, namely - and the bible of luke, specifically -.
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
so far the'star's episodes have included vincity reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon gregson, sue cleaver, carol thatcher, paul o'grady and lee ryan.
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show, led by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
on 16 june 2009, the official release date of the fight was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of a club called the japanese boyband.
the religious tradition, attributed to the religious person who taught theology, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the stop in early christian agape feasts.
in return, rollo said yes to charles, converted to christianity, and tried to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups.
it is derived from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english.
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden, switzerland.
it is still the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic.
this leads to confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 -rrb- is referred to as 1 mb- megatex -rcb- instead of 1 mib.
the event has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship.
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
seventh son have strong " knacks " -lrb- specific magical abilities -rrb-, and seventh son of seventh son are both very rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software shows the 2009 version's52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory use.
volterra is a town in the tuscany area of italy.
historically, the feeling of itch and pain have not been thought to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that it has many features in common with pain, but has many different kinds of feelings.
the tongue is hard to catch because of the presence of glycop protein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ant and termites, which are attached to it.
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials.
there are memorials of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former ipswich town and england managers, outside the ground.
the square root of the difference in size can be found in the form of a square.
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france.
if there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, converting it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local street it was meant to avoid.
it is also a starting point for people who want to go to a place that has a lot of food, a place where they eat and work hard, and the atherton tableland.
bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous.
1. no more than one of the authors, authors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia, in any way, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george, who became george i of great britain -rrb-.
their eyes are quite small, and their visual acuity is poor.
they are rivaled as biological materials in strength only by chitin.
oregano is an important ingredient in greek food.
tickets can be used for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on oyster card.
these works he made and published himself, while his much larger woodcut were mostly commissioned work.
the historical method is made up of the techniques and rules by which historians use primary sources and other facts to research and then to write history.
the weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is believed to make up for the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled allteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic drug that is used as a drug.
it will then get rid of itself and sink back to the river bed in order to eat its food and wait for its next food.
furthermore, research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trust, and / or care about.
today, landis'father has become a strong supporter of his son and thinks he is one of floyd's biggest fans.
the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged after attaining category 4 status.
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure -lrb- 1911 -rrb-, under the false name of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in london, devoting himself mainly to practical teaching.
brunstad has many fast food stores, a cafe bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to take care of the newly conquered region.
in 1438 trevi passed under the rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and in the past, its history merges first with that of the states of church, then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the u.s.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection, and dissipated the next day over brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york -lrb- place where a lot of people lived -rrb- police department was a law enforcement agency in new yok city that was in existence from 1952 to 1995.
the current group of the band consists of flynn -lrb- vocals, guitar -rrb-, duce, bass, phil demmel, and dave mcclain.
advocacy countries with a small number of muslim people are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic use.
the characters are fou-mouthed changes of their earlier characters pete and dud.
johan was also the first bassist of the swedish power metal band, but quit before the band released a studio album.
in 1998, culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was defeated.
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over rays bourque by a margin of two votes, the difference being a single first-place vote.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law, and starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their early migration, and his separation from them.
the female equal is a daughter.
he was found with inoperable -lrb- able to be done surgery -rrb- cancer in april 1999.
prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed tourist centers and camp grounds along the outer banks.
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later in charge of mutiny and rebellion for their roles in the 1979 and 1980 gwangju massacre.
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia.
because the owners are not aware of what they are doing, these computers are compared to zombies.
the wave traveled across the atlantic, and turned into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13.
for example, the style book of the linked press is changed once a year.
the four canonical text are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, bible of luke and gospel of john, probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb-
since the end of the 19th century, switichn is well known for its construction industry.
the upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
unlike the clouds on earth, however, which are made of ice, neptune's cirrus cloud are made up of crystal of methane.
their involvement is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
the release of stable releases are rare, but there are often sub-versions which are stable.
in 1482 the order sent him to florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years, the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 2008 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhich, 1783-1807.
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, spain and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was shown in the miller-urey test by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953.
cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power, chp -rrb- is the use of a heat and a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
on the other hand, the male " den master " will allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear.
a wikipedia device is a web page that can be used with a css code that is easy to use simply by looking at an option in your wikipedia preferences.
below are some useful links to help with your involvement.
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleña was moved to the mainland.
james i appointed him a chairman of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and first said that he may not accept it.
later, esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if esperant is not adopted by the u.s. or other world wide groups.
1. dry air covering around the southern edge of the cyclone reduced most of the deep convection by early on september 12.
calvin baker is an american writer.
the wife of adolf hitler, eva anna braun, died on 6 february 1912-30 april 1945.
each version of the license is given a number that can be identified.
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a name before being connected.
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest known airplane mechanic in new york.
1. summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment, which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually shown as having long hair and a beard, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
a few animals have a change of color in changing areas, either seasonally -lrb- ermine, snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more quickly with chromatophores in their skin-like structure or with the cephalopod family -rc.
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf -lrb- ielts -rrb- in the inter-cantical championship -rcb- after tazz hit rikishy with a tv camera.
this closely looks like the unix philosophy of having more than one program each doing one thing well and working together over universal platforms.
he came from a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
the largest population of mennonites are in canada, democratic republic of congo and the u.s., but mennonite can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the population of those countries.
naas is a major " dublin area " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
acanthopholis's clothing was made up of a pair of neck and a shoulder that could be seen from the neck and the spine.
1. origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1889 in response to the opening of the columbia, newberry and laurens railroad.
as a result, bills proposed by the law group, and merging bills, start in the house of lords.
in the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia, vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital.
1. you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passing -lrb- from side to side of the text -rrb- to the end of the list of cover text in the modified version.
he is interred in the restvale -lrb- place where a lot of flowers are buried -rrb- in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the flexible skin found in the hollow inside of bones.
reflect nebulae are usually blue due to the fact that this is the same process that gives us blue and red sunsets for blue light.
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france, in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur.
1. macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later caught by something -lrb- most often about his personal life -rrb- that makes him run out of time.
this was completed when messiaen died, and yvonne loriod started the final movement's orchestration with advice from george benjamin.
1. shamin'a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holy cities after mecca, medina, jerusalem and najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the government of thaksin shinawatra, samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat.
however travel through very short, short-road areas, on short tracks, needs advance planning and a suitable, safe vehicle -lrb- usually a four wheel drive -rrb-.
while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1927.
he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schoen leave.
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands that were influenced by the 1960s and 1970s.
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade.
the sheppard line now has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
it has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in europe, and the eighth largest in the world.
in december, 1967, ten boast was honored as one of the best among the nations by the state of israel.
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter -lrb- possibly stubs -rrb- and of less quality.
about 95 species are now accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in english terms.
jurisdiction comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitution law and the powers of the executive and government to give resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this with many other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha, and the song of hua, and hiahaha's departure.
the capital of the state is aracaju -lrb- pop.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male competitors for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called " kirky " film principles.
the lawyer, brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb-, became his best friend, and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales, australia in cabonne shire.
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002.
prospectors from california, europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slope.
before the start of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used math tool in science and engineering.
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent more page-refreshing, a text-to- speech option to read the text read, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb-.
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacteria of milk.
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltender have been inducted.
1. alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb-, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album, however, was not sold in many record stores around the world.
the legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the knee.
in late 2004, suleman made news by cutting howard sterengthen's radio show from four citadel stations, citing his frequent discussion about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened two canadian stores as mcdonald's " wendy's confirmed tim hortons ipo by march ", ottawa business journal, december 1, 2005, and system-wide sales as of 2002.
1. plot captain caleb holt -lrb- kirk cameron -rrb- is a fireman in albany, georgia and keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote.
the plant is thought of as a living fossil.
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia.
the first idea of stravinsky was to write the ballet in 1913.
protests across the nation were not allowed.
offenbach's many operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld, and la belle hélène, were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tile dates back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the old city of chang'an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb-.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13, 1921 november 11, 1968 -rrb-, was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was almost impossible to control.
santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb-, the first church in assisi.
the characteristics of the radio show show shows that it is a pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a business magazine that covers the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries around the world.
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
1. loèche harboring the installers of onyx, the swiss -lrb- in-the-air -rrb- system for electronic intelligence gathering.
a match book is a small box -lrb- matchcover -rrb- that has a lot of matches and a hard surface on the outer edge.
she was one of the first doctors to say she didn't like to have children smoked, and drug use in women who were pregnant.
the judges sentenced her to death when she said that she would not let go of the commune.
1. oel manga series graystripe's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the view.
1. samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb-, p. 84 syrians did not congregate in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddler were able to talk with americans on a daily basis.
he was also famous for his print, book covers, posters, and garden metalworks.
during the age of four, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured -lrb- from a blood clot -rrb-, and had a cancer-like cancer.
1. dr. david lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nests means that logging practices are not ecologised, for protecting hollow-based species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, quebec, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the term gribble was first given to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum.
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeon or blunt-force injury.
thereafter the county's government was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet achieved a triple axel in competition.
from the phone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military buildings on the harbour.
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of prayer, there are still rules that apply.
it is described as pointing in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
some of the largest reservoir in the world can be found along the volga.
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the area.
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
1. bankers from shore bank, a community development bank in chicago, helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation.
1. bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided.
at the end of the regular season, the all-star team was voted on by the professional hockey writer's association.
tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistani to the south and the people's republic of china to the east.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, inc.
notable features of the design include key-based s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february, 1987 in jwaneng, botswana -rrb- is a football club back-rower for the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
the quark model was proposed by physics murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the pen was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own government, separate from west germany's, which issued its own mail cards until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandrobotticelli, c. 1482.
1. new south wales's largest city and capital is sydney.
the polymer is most often used as well as other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon.
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the end of the printed magazine.
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fight for himself on the street of northern italy for the next four years, living in different places and roving through towns with groups of other children.
during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised, the stands were added to each set of goals.
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
a bastion on the east coast was built later.
events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldson loses to his vassals and is killed in the battle.
others have thought that tresca was destroyed by the nkvd as revenge for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union.
this led to both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries.
the use of web pages and css is only with good reason.
schuschnigg immediately said that reports of riot were false.
addiscombe is a town in the london borough of croydon, england.
1. depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of person is that of a citizen living in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to people who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the study of european history in mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for European study in bonn.
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead, the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while going up templin highway north of santa clarita.
the conference papers were published the next year in a book Microeconomical foundations of work and money-based theory by phelps et al.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario lands : super mario land 3, a spin-off of the super land series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical.
a researcher has stated that " it was quinine's efficacy that gave people fresh opportunities to move into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicate rather a stony surface composition.
she was the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury is much like the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no big air.
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich.
the best place to find these are chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governor before the arrival of the mughals in 1608.
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she keeps the support of the lower house.
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's courage, and by taking care of cedric's corpse, he shows selflessness and compassion.
on june 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a long battle in frankfurt.
together they formed new music manchester, a group committed to modern music.
the compact and strong hurricane caused very bad damage in the upper florida keys, as a storm rush of about 18 to 20 feet affected the area.
it is now the site of meher baba's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- as well as places and places for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
salem is a city in essex county, massachusetts, usa.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean, about 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico.
therefore, these pages can not be distributed without further change if they contain images.
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed raid while in the company of frank gardiner.
1. heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5, causing a lot of flooding waters.
1. version 2009.1 provides a device that can be used to create a live usb, where the user's configuration and personal data can be taken care of if desired.
in close relation to the parties'respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members, christian democratic people's party : 2 1/2 members, social democratic, 2 1 members, and swiss 1 member.
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, researcher, or other member of a learned job.
ohio state's library system has twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus.
in other changes, both iceland and greenland agreed with the overlordship of norway, but scotland was able to get rid of a norse invasion and get a good peace settlement.
the song " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", can't stop ", dosed " and " universally speaking " are the singles from the album.
in april 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had taken over its ability, and it was still an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was mostly a scottish business, as symbolised by its thistle badge, the flower emblem of scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose got stronger, before being canceled soon after landfall in septmber 23.
in august 2003, the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commander confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guard during the initial stages of combat.
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertits, and can help historians think what the film may have been like.
that is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as money-based to raise money to finance industrial and business growth.
he ran from sydney beach several times before being shot dead in 1796.
1. den anddan advanced to the police camp, forcing them to give up their weapons.
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
in a short video promoting the charity equalism, joss whedon said that " fight is not done, " he is coming back. "
a mutant is a type of made-up character that appears in comic books published by japanese comics.
the sat reasoning test -lrb- used to be known as scholastic test and scholastics test -rrb- is a standardized test for college admission in the u.s.
in northern italy, there is a lot of singing by bands of flagellants, which bring about the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs.
some reports read that various factors increase the chance of both blindness and blindness.
his sentence was sent to australia for seven years.
waugh wrote that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden ", a story that tells the work on a number of levels.
her bad friendship with the russian saint grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
the term " duchess " refers to anatomical structures that are either placed toward or grow off that side of an animal.
the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius, after muler observed that all protein seemed to have the same scientific theory and might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecules.
after the jerilderie raid, the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france.
the color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert.
it is on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest sub- region in mesoamerica, it encompassed a large and varied area, from the mountains of the sierra madre to the plains of northern yucatán.
1. google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its website along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register a name with the college, where they are looked at and need to have official records before being changed.
the book, political economy, was published in 1985, but had limited school adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union, with concerts in moscow and leningrad, and toured again in 1994, performing in china and india.
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm, taking over napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and killing 10,000 people.
it has long been the economic center of northern nigeria, and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
most of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu and tulu.
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
after a brief stand-off, the wwf army turned around and attacked kane and jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. Sherman.
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library buildings, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county, illinois, usa.
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a name that was given in -lrb- form of a proper name -rrb-, which brings to mind the name arsene, arsissa, used by the ancients to part of lake van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can then be made and used in less severe and less safe places.
gimnasia hired first famous colombian trainer francisco maturana, and then julio césar falcioni, but both had limited success.
brighton is a city in washington county, iowa, usa.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem.
on june 24 1979 -lrb- the 750th anniversary of the village -rrb-, glinde got its town charadise.
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later mario vs. -lrb- 2 : march of the minis -rrb- in 2006, although the character is now called " mario's friend ".
the vagina is very much like elastic and is able to stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
his real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
this test shows how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- -rrb- is needed to stop a given biological process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell-receptor or microorganism by half.
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland area of the canton of bern, portions of the alps are located in the adjacent cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg and vaud.
there he had one daughter, later baptized as mary ann fisher power, to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power.
during an interview, edward gorey said that bawden was one of his best artist, mourning the fact that not many people remember or know about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle : ion, light rays, gluon, etc.
gable also got an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
