One side of the armed conflicts is made up of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the northern region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the main road to Mecca. It is Islam's most sacred city, where able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, turned on a black cord and attached it to the ball. It then moved away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on 13 January 888, in his grave.
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway medal has also been presented with the £5000 award.
After the drummers are dancer, who often play the sogo (a small drum that makes almost no sound) and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft is made up of two main elements. These are the Spacecraft Cassini orbiter named after the Italian-French astronomers, Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe named after Dutch astronomers, scientists, and physicist Christiaan Hurygens.
Alessandro ("Sandro") Mazzola is an Italian former football player. He was born 8 November 1942.
It was thought that the rubble thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
From 1939 to 1943, Graham went to school at Wheaton College. He then got a BA in anthropology.
The BZÖ is different from the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a vote about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withal.
Many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
In 1987 Wexler was accepted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. This was a major achievement in the Rock & Roll Awards.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive. It is called competition.
Today NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea. It surrounds the city of stralsund.
He was named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday. On his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color
The National Museum of Scotland merged their names in 2007.
However, Tagore emulated many styles, including craftworks from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada (British Columbia), and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, Presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on the Public Broadcasting Service. It was aired in the same way as the previous series.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) to win the WWF European Championship (8:10) Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until her husband returned to France.
The Voyager 2 probe took pictures of Despina in 1989.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921.
He also completed two short stories called The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At the Voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as an object, the major axis points towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east area of Western Australia, between the South Australian border almost as far as Caiguna, do not follow official Western Australian time.
In architectural decoration Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which were used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes peninsula include the following: Rancho Verdes, the Rolling Hills, and the Hills.
Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxies, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark, in an effort to stop Drek.
It is not actually a true louse.
He uses a user-centered design process in product development cycle and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administration who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
Working Group I: Assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebride by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008. It was his wife's 12th July 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name changes by the Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU.
By early on September 30, wind shear began to increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum (a nugget of data) which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, many mosques will not have banned any more than one man from attending a mosque. Both men and women must follow these rules.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
The professional football player for the Guinness Premiership is named Ryan Prosser. He was born on July 10, 1988.
Like previous reports, it is made up of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their grandmother Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandfather, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
This was the standard letter for the rest of Victoria's reign. Many people bought it.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion. It was the first MMA league.
 Giardia Lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that takes place in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions. This includes the post-Rapture films left behind: The Movie, left behind II: Tribulation Force, and left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra. He was born in Armenia.
The story of Christmas is based on the Biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew, specifically - and the Gospel or Luke, specifically.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
So far the 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show. It was hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another boy band.
The Apostolic tradition is said to be the voice of the Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the song in early Christian Agape feasts.
In return, Rollo gave up his faith to Charles, converted to Christianity, and fought against the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It comes from the voice of America (VoA).
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to confusion when a person looks at a certain number of bytes instead of one.
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh son have strong "knacks" and seventh son of seventh son are both very powerful.
The 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB memory use is highlighted by a test conducted by passMark software.
The town of Volterra is in Tuscany, Italy.
Historically, the pain and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently. It was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but there are notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of the glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which follow to it.
The same tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop during previous trials.
There are statue of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
The square root of the variance is take the square root.
The team provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local street it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people trying to find new places for research in the Cape York peninsula, and the Atherton tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous.
None of the authors, writers, sponsors, admins, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia, in any way, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover (who eventually became George I of Great Britain). George was a former Great Britain Great Britain.
Their eyes are quite small. Their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an important ingredient in Greek food.
The Docklands Light Railway and on Oyster cards can be re-branded for National Rail services, too.
These works he made and published himself. His much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method is made up of the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history
The weight of the continental ice cap on top of Lake Vostok is believed to make up for the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was made up of89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic chemical used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then move to the river bed to eat its food and get ready for its next meal.
Also, research shows children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trusts, and / or cares about.
Today, Landis' father has become a supporter of his son and thinks of himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After becoming a Category 4, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were Haunted, they decided to print their findings in a book An Adventure (1911), under the fake names of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont. These false names were used for the book.
He moved to London, focusing on practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food stores. These include a cafe, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the rule of the Church as part of the legation of Perugia. Then, its history merges first with the States of the church, then (1860) with the united Kingdom of Italy..
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation with no convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York city. It existed from 1952 to 1995. It was controlled by the New York Authority.
The current band has a vocalist, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain.
Advocacy: Countries with a small Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques as a way to promote Civic participation.
The characters are not related to their earlier characters. These characters are called Peter and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and was defeated.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes, the difference being a single vote.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously breaks that law, and unintentionally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his home, forcing their migration, and his separation from them.
The female version is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999. He was diagnosed without a patient.
Before the storm, the National Park Service closed its tourist attractions and camps along the Outer Banks. This was prior to the arrival of the storm.
The form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its rivers.
The two former presidents were later brought up with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic and as far inland as West Virginia
Because the owners are unaware, these computers are compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic. It organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the style book of the Associated Press is changed every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, and Gospel of John, probably written between AD 65 and 100 (see also the Gospel according to the Hebrews).
Since the end of the 19th century Eschelbronn is well known for its industrial supply chain.
The upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district. It was in Oberbarnim.
Unlike the clouds on Earth, Neptune's clouds are made up of crystal of frosty methane.
Their involvement is limited until they become adults.
Stable releases are rare. There are often Subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482 the Order sent him to Florence. It was the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's main buildings - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807) in the main landmark of Nakhichvan.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Spain. He was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiments by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey. This was in 1953. It was a success.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
The male "den master" will allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or a CSS. It can be made easier simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences. It is also known as a browser or a code.
Below are some useful links to help your involvement.
He was the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland. This is when the word for this varies.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal. He served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was shameful to receive his award. He first indicated that he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if the United Nations or other international organizations have never adopted it.
Dry air around the southern edge of the cyclone reduced most of the deep convection by early on September 12. It caused a lot of heat transfer.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
 Eva Anna Paula Braun, died Eva Eva Eva Maria Paula Hitler (6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945). She was the long-time companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the License is given a different version number.
Most RC servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
He also received a mechanics certificate that same year. He became the youngest airplane mechanic in New York. He was also the youngest.
The 2009 SummerSlam (2009) is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
A few animals have a response, changing color in changing environment, either seasonally (ermine, snowshoe hare) or far more rapidly with the cephalopod family.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel cage match to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship (14:10).  He pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This closely resembles the idea of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal platforms.
He came from a musical family. His mother, LaRue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale. He was from a previous name.
The largest population of Mennonites are in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States. Mennons can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries.
"Dublin Suburb" town, with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armour was made up of plates set almost into the skin. The plates had raised neck and shoulder areas along the spine.
The opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad caused a chart to be made on Christmas Eve in 1890.
Conversely, bills proposed by the Law Commission, and consolidation bills, start in the House of Lords. These bills are also known as Law Commission and consolidation bill.
In the years before his final release in 1474, he began preparations for the re-independence of Wallachia. At that time, he lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover text. There is a passage up to 25 words in the Modified Version. It is to the end of the list of cover texts.
He is interred in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bones are found in the interior of bones.
The process that gives us blue and red suns is the reflection nebulae.
Monteux is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France, in the area Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
He starts asking for simple objects to make something to stop the bomb, but he is later distracted by something (usually with his life). It makes him run out of time.
This was completed when Messiaen died. Yvonne Loriod did the final movement's orchestration with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities. It is after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The PAD called for the resignation of the Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the PAD accused of being proxies for Thakin.
However travel through very remote areas, on tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle (usually a four wheel drive).
While at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher building in 1928.
He has to leave for rehearsing. He and Dr. Schoen leave.
Britpop came from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s. It was defined by bands inspired by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line now has fewer users than the other two railway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772. This makes it the largest stadium in Europe, and the 11th largest in the world.
In 1967, Ten Boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel. It was awarded for the time being, he was awarded a Righteous among the Nations.
Some articles are long and rich in content. Others are shorter (possibly stubs) and of lesser quality
About 95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra is named after the Australian word meaning "The sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are often-heard terms in English
Jurisdiction comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to best serve the needs of its native society..
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: The death of Minnehaha, the Song of HiaWatha and the Departure of Hindiwatha.
The capital of the state is Aracaju (pop.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male competitors for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style Vorkapich taught called Kinesthetic Film Principles. It was made on purpose.
The lawyer, Brandon (Waise Lee), became his idol, and the lawyer grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township. It is located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire..
On June 18, 2002, Donaldson joined the Australian Army.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the introduction of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used math method in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved batteries, and a text-to-speech option to read the text. The overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches (9.1 mills).
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by making milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltender have been inducted.
Some views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries. All were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies. See below.
The album, however, was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made news by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing his frequent discussion about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite Radio.
The company opened two Canadian outlets as "Wendy's" "Wipy's confirms Tim Hortons" by March, Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also went above those of " McDonald's" Canadian operations as of 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a fireman in Georgia and keeps the rule of all firemen, "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008. He was in front of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Orchestration Stravinsky first wrote the ballet in 1913.
The nation was threatened by protests.
Offenbach's many operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld, and La belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the world during the 1850s and 1860s.
In the past, Roof tiles were found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (Modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and a pedagogue.
By most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church in Assisi.
Based on the data, there is a relatively pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a business journal. It covers the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide. It is published once a month.
He was appointed Companion of Honour (CH) in 1988.
Loèche hosts the Onyx, the Swiss system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small box with a lot of matches and a surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to object to the use of a cigarette around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She never renounced the Commune. She also defied the judges to sentence her to death.
OEL manga series Graystripe's Trilogy There is a three volume original English-language manga series following Gray Stripe. He was taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
In 1994, Samovar & Porter (p.84), p.84 Syrian people did not meet in urban areas. Many of the immigrants who had worked as traders were able to talk with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalworks.
During adulthood, she suffered from collapsed lungs two times, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer (Australian National University) has argued that the need for nests boxes indicates that logging practices are not safe.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice Hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was first given to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
The injuries inflicted by a club are generally known as Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet to win a quadple Axel competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as the face of a rabbit.
The amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used is defined by the computer performance.
Some of the largest reservoir in the world can be found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
The Bankers from Shore Bank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation. It was awarded in a financial aid from the bank.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial. He claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The All-star Team was voted for by representatives of the Pro Hockey Writers' Association at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000. It was under the ownership of Bomis, Inc, a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve is a back-rower for the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include Pont- Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by scientists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, which issued its own postage stamps.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter, c. 1482.
The largest city and capital of New South Wales is Sydney.
The polymer is most often epoxy. OtherPolymers, such asPolyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the end of the printed magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fight for himself on the street of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Stands were added to each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
A Bastion on the eastern approach was built later.
Events Europe July 29 — Battle of Stiklestad (norway): Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
Some have thought that Tresca was removed by the NKVD as punishment for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
The use of HTML and the CSS for good reasons is a good reason to use them.
Schuschnigg immediately said reports of violent acts were false.
Addiscombe is a town in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizens who live in the area governed, represented, or served by a politician; sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the European History in Mainz. He is also a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo in the 2003 French film. He was a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arms attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while going up Santa Clarita. It was north of Santa Clarito.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book. It was titled as follows: Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario land: Super Mario Land 3, a part of the Super Mario land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a solo piano player.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical
A historians has said that "it was quinine's efficacy that gave people fresh chances to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa".
Also, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicate rather a stony surface composition.
She became the editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel. This changed her job.
The Moon is similar in appearance to the Moon. It is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These are good for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, the Turkish and Afghan leaders took over the city of Dhaka.
The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery, and by bringing back the body of Cedric, he shows selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were caught after a long shooting in Frankfurt.
They formed New Music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's Samadhi (tomb-shrine) as well as facilities and facilities for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the Triple Axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in the United States. It is located in Essex County, Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of fish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
On October 5, heavy rain fell across parts of Britain. It caused a small amount of flooding.
The user's configuration and data can be saved if needed. Version 2009.1 provides a device to create a Live USB, where you can use it.
In relation to the parties' respective strength in the Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: free Democratic Party (FDP): 2 members, Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP):2 members, Social Democratic Party members, and Swiss People's party (SP): 2 Members, and member of the party (SVP): 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services. It is especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's libraries system has twenty-one libraries. These libraries are located on its Columbus Campus.
In other development, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway. However, Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and make a favorable peace settlement.
The album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Ca n not stop", "Dosed" and "Universally speaking".
In April 2000, the free / open source software called Minix was released under a free software license. By this time other operating systems had taken over its capability. It remained mostly an operating system for students and hobbyists..
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. It is sometimes marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was mostly a Scottish business. It was symbolised by its thistle logo. It is the Scottish flower icon.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23..
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune claimed that U.S. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles. It can help historians think about what the film may have been like.
Because of that, real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as money to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran away from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796. He was shot dead.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp. They were ordered to give up.
Before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to the usual promotional standard of Veeck.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admission in the United States.
In northern Italy, there is a riot. It creates the medieval musical form of "Geisslerlieder", which is made up of penitential songs by folk bands of Flagellants.
Some reports read that various factors increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
Waugh wrote that Charles had been "in search of love in those days" when he met Sebastian. He found "that low door in the wall..." which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden "a metaphor that explains the work on a number of levels."
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The term " dorsal" refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius. It was after Mulder observed that all protein seemed to have the same theoretical formula and might be composed of a single type of (very large) molecules.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang laid low for 16 months. It was trying to escape capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in northwestern France. It is in the region of Basse-Normandie.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added. It went north from Union station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to end at St. George and Bloor Streets..
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage Trail. It led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of cardiac death or both.
As the largest sub- region in Mesoamerica, it had a large and varied area, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the northern plains of northern Yucatán.
 Google made the comic available on Google books and their site. It was mentioned on its official website. It also included an explaination for the early release.
It is possible for anyone to register a pedigree with the college, where they are checked and require official proofs before being changed.
The book, "Political Economy", was published in 1985. It had limited school adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with another in 1994, performing in China and India.
Napoleonic War: Austrian General Mack gives his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the winners.
It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria, and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of South Indian speak one of the five Dravidian languages. These are Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
Meteora earned multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho. It was a violent fight.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman. These were written in his honor.
In the 5th century Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on Campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural Sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
Arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a name Arzash.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005. It was a success.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent areas.
Gimnasia hired first famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana. He hired then Julio César Falcioni. Both had limited success.
The city of Brighton is in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
Also, she appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It".
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town rights.
Pauline returned in the Game boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994. He later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "Mario's Friend"..
The vagina is very tight and extends to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth was never recorded. However, it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
This quantifies how much of a particular drug or other substances (inhibitor) is needed to stop a given process (or part of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism) by half.
The name suggests that they are in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern. However, parts of theBernese Alps are located in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann (e) Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his best known artist, saying that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable earned an Academy Award when he played the role of Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
