This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that following asthma education to be effective in reducing the risk of future hospital admissions and future visits to the emergency department. There were no data on the effect of the education on other markers (elevation of asthma symptoms, rescue medication use, airway pressure, airways closure, lung function, and lung function) and there was no difference in the number of children who had an asthma flare-up.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence was current to January 2019. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and reduced pain by 16% at 24 hours and by 5% at 48 hours. We also found that ketamine reduces pain by 8 mg morphine equivalent over 24 hours, and reduces opioid consumption by 13 mg. We were able to combine the results of 65 studies, which showed that intravenously administered ketamine was effective in reducing pain by 19% to 19% more than placebo (a dummy pill). We found evidence that intravenial ketamine is effective in decreasing pain at 24 and 48 hours after surgery, and reducing pain during movements by 14% to 16% (moderate-quality evidence). We did find evidence that ketamines reduced nausea and vomiting after surgery by 23% to 27% (high-quality and moderate-quality results, respectively). We were unable to analyse the effects of ketamines on the number of people who experienced CNS (neck and neck) adverse events. We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of small-study effects or because the number was too small. We rated the quality as high for pain at the rest of the operation, moderate for pain during the operation and pain at 48 and 24 hours after the operation (high for pain), and very low for nausea and nausea after the surgery (moderate quality evidence). The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were too small to detect differences between studies.
This review of five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants found that the MSP2 (Combined B-MSP2) vaccine reduced the number of children who had clinical malaria, but the vaccine was not shown to be of good quality. The MSP 2 vaccine was effective in reducing the number and number of cases, but it is not known if it is safe. The vaccine was administered in a way that did not make the children sick. The results of this review show that the blood- stage (MSP/MSP) vaccine may be a way to reduce the number, but not the number (of cases) of children with blood-stage malaria.
This review of four randomised controlled trials, involving 125 participants, found that there was some evidence that electrical field therapy may be helpful in the treatment of long-bone fracture. The trials were of small size, and each had some limitations. The results of the trials were not conclusive. There was no reduction in pain. One trial found two small side-effects. The evidence is up to date to January 2014.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 patients. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopical laparectomy for cholecochlecovaginae (a type of chole cystitis), and one trial did not provide this data. The trials were of low risk-bias. The age of the patients in the trials ranged from 48 years to 63.5 years. The average age of participants in the studies ranged between 48 years and 63 years. Nine of the 12 trials included women. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. The average length of hospital stay was shorter in the drain group than in the no drain group. The operating time was longer in the 'drain' group than the 'no drain' group. There was no significant difference between the drain and no drain groups in the number of deaths in the short-term (less than one month) or in the total number of serious adverse events. There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of the number or length of the time patients spent in hospital. There is no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and the safe use of these Chinese herbs for treating diabetic neuropathy. Most of the trials were of low quality. There was no well-conducted, well-designed, randomised, placebo-control trial with outcome measures.
This review included five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the effects of IAS to CAS. All the studies were of short-term (less than three months) and involved advanced prostate cancer. The evidence is current to January 2014. The review found that IAS was as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study evaluated biochemical progression. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score of 6 or higher, the IAS group had a lower risk of biochemical progression than the CAS group. One trial (N = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between Ias (two events) and CAS (five events), with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the Ias group. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events. Overall, IAS is also as effective for potency as CAS, but IAS has a shorter duration and is more expensive. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of Ias versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific or disease progression.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 participants. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion. One trial compared the use of an intra-amniolei-releasing intra-womb IUD with either a delayed or an early IUD. The other five trials randomized to either an IUD or a delayed IUD, and the evidence is up- to- date as of March 2015. The evidence is current to March 2015 and shows that intrauterine device use and expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortion compared to delayed insertion of IUDs. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared to a delayed insertion, and intrauterines are more likely to be expelled. The quality of evidence was moderate. The results of the review suggest that intra-amnioleic IUD insertion immediately after an abortion is safe and practical.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found only one small trial published as an abstract article. The trial involved 92 participants with acute leukaemia. The participants were randomly assigned to meditation practice or usual care. The study was conducted in the USA and the average age of the participants was between 40 and 60 years. The duration of the study was six months. The results of the trial were not reported. The included study showed that meditation practice might improve the quality of life of haematological malignant patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care group. However, the quality and quantity of the evidence was very low, as the trial was small and the results were not published in a way that would allow us to draw any conclusions. The quality of the included trial was very poor, as there were only a small number of participants and the study did not provide enough information for us to be able to draw conclusions about the effects of meditation practice in haematic malignant individuals.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length and follow-up and the way in which the children's health was measured. The three trials were too small to be suitable for meta-analysing. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) had varicella, and 42 out of 54 vaccine or no-vaxxor recipients (78%). Of the varicellavir vaccine recipients, 13 had varICELL, and the vast proportion had mild variceella. In the three trials, most children were given PEP (pills) within three days of the onset of the varisella infection. There was no evidence that the vaccine was more or less safe. No trial reported on side-effects of the vaccine. We found no trials for children younger than 16 or older. We did not find any trials for adults.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials compared different antibiotic regimens. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the UK and the USA. The evidence is current to May 2014. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic regimen in four of the trials (three trials that had reported mortality and one other trial). None of the other trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people had MRSA due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there were not significant differences between the proportion of people who developed SSI. In one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, the proportion in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) was significantly lower in the comparison. In two trials that compared MRSA infections other than SSI, 19/478 (4.5%), people developed MRSA infection including SSI and chest infection, and bacteraemia. There was no significant difference in the proportion who developed MRS infections at any body site in these two comparisons. The proportion of participants who developed a MRSA-related infection was significantly less in the antibiotic prophyclic group. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple prophyleactic
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. The number of women included in each trial was too small to be able to assess the effects of the two groups. The trials were too small and of poor quality to allow us to draw any conclusions. The review found no evidence of any difference in the risk for the baby's death, but there was some evidence that women who were cared for at home were more likely to be given a cesarean birth. There was some data on the number of caesareaned births. The studies found that women in the home care group spent 10 fewer days in the hospital, were more satisfied with their care, and had lower costs. The results of this review should be viewed with some care. The two studies were too few to be of sufficient size to be sure that there were any important benefits or harms of the care.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most often studied are non-absorbable (non-absolve) and absorbable (absorb) suture. These two methods are the most widely used for skin closure. The two methods were found to be similar in terms (wound infection) and wound complications. The main difference was that the non-abstorbable sutures were found not to be as good as the sutured suturings. The non- Absorbable staples were also found to cause more wound infection. The type of skin incision was not clearly different in the two groups. The use of staples may have a different effect on wound complication, but this is not clear. The most common complications were wound infection, pain, cosmease and skin breakdown. The staples were not as good at closing wounds as suturing, but the risk of re-closure was higher.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four trials looked at a black tea treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The results showed that green tea reduced blood cholesterol and blood pressure by 0.43 mmol/L and 0.64 mmol/l, respectively, over six months. Green tea also reduced total cholesterol by 0.62 mmol/dL, LDL cholesterol by 1.64 mmHg and blood hypertension by 2.18 mmHG. The effects of both tea types were found to be favourable for blood cholesterol, blood pressure and total cholesterol. However, the small number of trials contributing to each analysis meant that the results should be treated with some caution. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but due to the small numbers of trials contributed to each of the analyses, the results of this review should be taken with caution. Further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
The review authors identified two small randomised controlled trials (23 people) that met the inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA and were conducted over a period of three years. The findings of the studies were inconclusive and there was no evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of these studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the review. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to recommend the use azathiprine in chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We searched for studies that compared exercise with no exercise in adults (18+) with cancer. We found 56 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The majority of these studies were carried out in people with breast cancer. The evidence is current to September 2014. We identified that exercise on fatigue can be beneficial for people with cancer-related fatigue during and after cancer treatment. We also found that exercise can be helpful for people who have solid tumours. We did not find any evidence that exercise reduced the number of people who developed cancer. More research is needed to determine the best type, intensity and timing of exercise for people in terms of the type of cancer, the type and duration of the exercise programme and the type, duration and duration.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2016 and found five trials with 3427 participants. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) with HL. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found that patients treated with advanced HL who had been diagnosed with advanced disease after first-line chemotherapy had a higher survival rate (OS) compared to patients treated without advanced disease. However, the evidence was of low quality. The survival advantage was not seen in patients with advanced cancer. The addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients who had their treatment escalated had a better survival rate. However the trial was too small to be able to show a difference in the number of patients who died. The EORC 20012 study did not report quality of life, so we could not assess this. The quality of the evidence for survival was high for patients with HL who were treated with escalated chemotherapy. The overall quality of evidence for the other outcomes was low or very low. The main reasons for this were that the trials were small and the results were not consistent. The included trials were too small and had a high risk of bias. The results of this review are based on five trials, which included a total of 3427 people. The majority of the trials included adults with advanced and advanced HL. We found that people treated with accelerated chemotherapy had better survival compared to those treated with conventional chemotherapy. However this finding is based on only five trials. The number of people who died was low and the quality of this evidence was low. There was no evidence for a difference between the two groups for treatment-related deaths. The analysis of the E ORTC 20011 trial showed no evidence of a difference for treatment related deaths. There is no evidence that the increased survival of patients with accelerated treatment increases the risk of developing second solid tumours. However there is low-quality evidence that this may be
We included studies that compared a medical intervention with a non-medicine treatment, a vocational or non-healthcare treatment, or a different type of medical treatment. We found fifteen studies that included 1835 cancer patients. We judged six of the studies to be at a high risk (risk) of bias (bias). We found that the studies were of low or very low quality. We did not find studies that looked at the effects of a non medical treatment on the health of patients. In two of the included studies, patients were given a course of psycho-educational treatment (such as teaching self-care skills) and in one of these, breast cancer patients were also given a programme of physical training. We could not find any studies that examined the effects on the well-being of patients who were given either a non medicine or a non treatment. In all the studies, the less radical, non-drug or non treatment was more likely to be effective. We were not sure if the non-relaxant treatment was as good as the more radical treatment. The studies did not look at the effect of the non non-moderative treatment. Five of the fifteen studies involved multidciplinary treatments (such a physical, psycho-ed, psychoeducative, or/or practical treatments). We could find no studies that assessed the effects. We also found no studies on the effect on the quality-of- life of the patients. The quality- of-life of the people in the studies was low or low. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for the psycho-education, low for psycho-teach, and low for other types of psychoeducation. We graded the quality as low or high. We downgraded the quality to low for all the other outcomes. We assessed the quality and the evidence was up-to- date as of low to very low.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a Scottish health service. One additional trial is still ongoing. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found no evidence of benefit for the use of the admission CTG for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and found no benefit for women admitted with signs of labour and before a formal diagnosis of labour. The results of this review suggest that admission CTGs should not be used for women at low risk of having a caesarean section. Women should be informed that admissionCTG is likely to increase the caesarian section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal deaths. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The findings of this study should be interpreted with caution as the quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on how well women monitor their own health and on the way in which they monitor their babies.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15,230) in the review. It was not possible to pool any of the data from the studies, as each of the studies used a very different culture medium. The studies were of poor quality. Six of the trials found no evidence of a difference in the number of women who had a live birth, ongoing or multiple pregnancies. Four of these studies found no difference in how the culture mediums were used. Six studies found that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's advantage was found to be more likely to be successful. One of these found a higher clinical birth rate with Quinn's Advantage than with G5. The quality of the evidence was low. With regards to side-effects, three of the 32 studies found multiple pregnancies, six found miscarries, and none of them found a clear difference in side- effects. None of the other studies found a difference. None were of high enough quality to be sure that the two types of culture medium were equally good. Most of the 22/32 studies (22/32) did not state their source of funds, and most of the study methods were not well described. We conclude that there is not enough good-designed and well-conducted randomised trials to be able to draw firm conclusions on the best culture medium for the best treatment of embryos.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communication in informing breast cancer patients of their cancer status. The review found no randomised trials of methods for communicating a cancer prognosis. The search strategies of the search strategy found 2847 citations but there were three duplicates of the same article in 27 of these. The authors have not been able to extract the data from these three duplications as they were too different. The results were not able to be combined. The reviewers have therefore concluded that there is no randomized trial of methods to inform breast cancer survivors of their treatment. The lack of research in this field is perhaps an issue which needs to be explored to help guide future research.
We included 17 studies with 1006 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The interventions included a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was delivered in a group of people with NSCP. The intervention was compared with a control group that received no intervention. The results showed that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of chest-free days up to three months following the intervention, which is a measure of the number days without chest pain. There is no evidence of effect of treatment on the severity of chest pains up to one year after the treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The included studies were of variable quality and the number and duration of the interventions varied. The wide variability in the outcomes of interest made it difficult to combine the results of the studies. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, there were differences between the studies in terms of the way the studies were carried out and the way they were reported. Therefore, caution is required in interpreting the results. Further studies of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants. The trials compared antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers with a number of other drugs. The following antihistamine and mast cells were included: (1)- nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, (2)- olopatadine, (3)- ketotifen, (4)- azelastine, emedastine (or levocabastine), levocABastine or levocade, mequitazine (or mequitamine), bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, combination levocapastine and pemirolast potassium, and (5)- pemirole. The evidence is current to September 2014. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamin and mastcell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti-histamine or mast cell-stabilising agents. Overall, topical antihirsutism and mast-cell stabilisation appear to be safe and well tolerated.
We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria and one is still ongoing. The two included studies were based in the USA and were designed to address the specific cultural aspects of Indigenous youth. The studies were conducted in the community and involved 1505 participants. The results of the studies were not consistent and the results of one study were inconclusive. The other study found positive changes in tobacco use in the intervention arm at six months follow-up. The study found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow up. The second study found that smoking was not reduced in the skills-community group compared to the control group. The findings of the study were not inconclusive and the study was rated as high or unclear risk of bias. The review highlights the need for more research in this area.
We searched for evidence on the benefits and harms of giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with HbSC (HbSS) or HbSβThal (HBS) in order to prevent the need for blood clots. We found one trial of 72 women. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The included trial reported no maternal mortality occurring in women who were given blood transfusion. The evidence is up- to- date as of August 2015. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. The quality of the evidence was very low. The study did not report on important outcomes such as the cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and haemolytic disease of the newborn, were not reported by the trial. The overall quality of this evidence was low.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. The evidence is current to February 2017. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The majority of the trials were of low-quality. The main outcomes were blood transfusion (proportion) and complications, which were higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the control group. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfused blood was higher in people receiving low central pressure and low central blood pressure plus low venous blood flow. The number of complications was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The total hospital stay, total hospital stays, and operating time were lower with low central flow than with control. The quality of the evidence was very low. The only difference between the two methods of radiofrequency dissection was the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher for the radiofrequency- dissecting method than for the clamp clamp-Crush method, but the difference was based on single trials. The overall quality of evidence was low. There was no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resection is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or blood transfusions. There is no evidence that using radiofrequency decompression equipment for the removal of the liver is of benefit in reducing the need for blood transf transfusions or complications. None of the studies reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. The available evidence suggests that radiofrequency dissection of the livers may be associated with more adverse events than with clamp-breaking. The use of radiofibre dissecting seals should not be used outside the clinical trial setting. The included trials were at high risk of bias. The studies were small and the results
This review aimed to find out which treatments are the best for PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. The review found that there is some evidence that the use of systemic retinoids (44% improvement rate difference), oral PUVAs (44%) and oral PUVA (44%), oral ciclosporin (44) and oral cepacia-1 (44%). However, a combined treatment of PUVAS and retinoid is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion (44%, improvement rate of 44%) is also beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclocere, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy (44%; improvement rate 44%) may be useful in treating PPP, but there is no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. There is no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for P PP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We searched for studies that compared the blood pressure-lowering effect of loop duretics with other drugs (e.g. placebo, placebo-controlled trials) in people with high blood pressure. We found nine trials that evaluated the blood-pressure-lowerening effect of 5 drugs (fursemide 40 mg/day, cicletanine, piretanide, pileptide, indacrinone, and e tozolol). The trials were conducted in 460 people. The trials lasted for 8.8 weeks. The studies were conducted mainly with people with low blood pressure and high blood sugar. The drugs were compared to each other or to no drugs. The evidence is current to August 2014. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of the five drugs was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHg/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2.8) mm Hg. The drug-related blood pressure changes did not show a significant difference. The dose-ranging effects of loop diuretics could not be evaluated. The review did not provide a good estimate of harms associated with loop diurestics because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in many of the studies. We graded the quality of evidence for both systols and diastolic (lower blood pressure) blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intra-percutaneous (in the stomach) local anaesthetist (1558) versus no treatment (1291) contributed data to one or more of the outcome measures. Most of the trials were at high risk (risk) of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong results). There were differences in the methods of the local anaesthetic instillations (elevation, placement, and timing) and the type of local anesthetists (bupropion, bupvavacaine, or both) and in the time between the two groups. There was no death in the eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0% of the total) in the group that had local anesthetic instills versus 0/210 (0%) in the no treatment group. One person in the control (no treatment) group had a serious illness (1/236 in the local ansthetics and 0/4 in the non-local anaesthetic group). The remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity. Three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no complications during the localanesthetic procedure. Twenty trials reported that no serious complications occurred in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthesia instillation. None of the studies reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The effect of local anaesthesiement on the proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) and 40/82 (48.8%) in control groups). The length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the participants receiving local anaesteration at four to eight
We identified 74 studies that compared different types of RDTs with each other. We grouped the studies according to the antigens that they detected. We found that the sensitivity and specificity of all RDT tests is such that they can replace the use of the tests for uncomplicated P. falciparum malarum. The antigen-based RDT type (HRP-2) tests were sensory and potent, but were less specific. The HRP--2 antigen is not useful for detecting treatment failure. The pLDH antibody-type R DTs (pLDH) were sensitive and predict the type (pLDh) of the antigene (pldH) that was used to detect P. falcus falcidum (P. falcipareum) (fromP. patellofemoralis) in the blood. The pLDh antibody-based tests are sensitivity and specificity of the tests is small. The quality of the studies was not high, but the studies were of good quality. The studies were of good enough quality to be certain that the tests were not biased by the way they were carried  out.
We searched for studies that compared short-term changes in consultation time with each patient. We found five studies that tested short-lived changes in the length of time doctors spent with each person. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by the Health and Social care Board. We are uncertain whether short-changing doctors about the length and number of consultations they have with patients increases the length or number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length for each patient on the number of patients referred and investigated, or on the amount of time physicians spent with patients. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering length of primary care physicians' consultations. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
We searched for studies that compared high dose versus low dose of stavudine in people with HIV/AIDS. We found three studies that were conducted in developed countries. All three trials were conducted with participants who were ART experienced. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. The studies were conducted between 2007 and 2005 and involved a total of 24 to 92 participants. The trials were at a high risk of bias due to the way the studies were designed and reported. The results of the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage in virologic efficacy or safety between low and high dose stavUDine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained virologicity suppression and so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where stavuzine is currently used in ART naive patients with high viral loads. Stavudines are still used in many developing countries.
We included 10 trials with 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation approach (where ventilation was provided in a way that was not based on the recruiters' recruitment process). The other five trials used a different approach, which was to use a different type of open lung ventilator (such as a higher PEEP, higher tidal volume or a lower tidal pressure). We found that a recruitment strategy that used a higher level (PEEP) of the open lung (higher than the control group) to increase the number of people who survived the initial lung transplantation did not reduce the risk of death in the intensive care unit (low- or very-low-certainty) or in the in-patient setting (low or very low-certainties) but did not have an effect on 28-day and in-hospital deaths. We found no difference in the risk for death at 28- or in-theatre deaths. The quality (or low- or unclear) of this review is due to the small number of trials and the small sample size.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of relaxation therapy in adults with asthma. Fifteen studies, involving 687 patients, were included. The quality of the studies was poor and sample sizes were often small. However, some pooled effects were found. The results of the review suggest that people who receive CBT may have a lower use of 'as much' asthma medication and a higher level (FEV1), but the results were not consistent. People who receive bio-feedbriefing also had a lower FEV1 but this result was not statistically significant. People receiving relaxation therapy had a higher peak flow rate (peak exhaled breath) than those receiving bio-feeding therapy but this finding was not consistent across studies. People in the relaxation group had better quality of life and their symptoms improved more than those in the control group. However the results of these studies were conflicting. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to the absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma in adults.
We searched for studies that compared antidepressants with benzodiazepine (an anti-psychotic) drugs (drug) in people with a panic attack. We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The majority of studies were of low-quality. We did not find enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and tolerability of antidepressants and benzodiazapine. We also found that there was no difference between antidepressants and the benzodizapine in terms of response rate, but there was some evidence that benzodazepine was better tolerated than antidepressants. We could not find any evidence that there were any differences between individual benzodozapine drugs. We were unable to assess the long-term side effects of antidepressants or benzoduzapine, and we found no evidence that either drug was better or worse than the other. We concluded that the quality of the evidence was low or very low, and that further high-quality studies are needed to answer our review question.
This review of trials found that endoscopic stents are the treatment of choice for patients with distal obstructive jaundice due to pancreatic carcinoma. Endoscopically stenting with plastic stents was associated with a reduced risk of complications, but with a higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day mortality with plastic-stent patients. One published study compared metal stents to surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stent. Nine studies compared metal to plastic stent and found that metal stented patients were at a lower risk for recurrent bile obstruction than those who received plastic stenting. There were no significant differences in technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30- day mortality by meta-analysis. When different types of plastic stented were compared to polyethylene stents, only perflouro alkoxy plastic stacentes had superior outcomes in one trial. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. Endoscopic metal stenting is the treatment choice of choice at present in patients with malignant distal obstruction due to jaundic carcinomas. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits over plastic stency benefits may not be realised. Further trials are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five studies that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation or Dopple-ear guidance. Four studies compared ultrasound with palpate, and one study tested Doppler audio assist. We found that ultrasound guidance improves first- and second-trick catheters in paediatric patients. We did not find any studies that looked at the rate of complications. We also found that the first-trampusment of the cathets was more likely to be successful with the use of ultrasonography (a type of ultrasound). We found no studies that measured the rate or complications of ischaemic shock. We rated the quality of the studies as being of high or very high quality. We included five randomised trials with 444 catheter-assisted cathests. We were able to combine the results of four of the five studies, which were of good quality. Our results suggest, but we do not yet know, that the success rate of first-tampusments is higher in infants and small children. We do not know if the first attempt is more difficult in infants than in older children. The quality of studies was moderate. We could not be sure that the studies were of high enough quality to be sure of the results. We are uncertain whether the first time catheting is more challenging in infants, in whom the first try is more likely. We have not yet found any studies looking at the first and the second attempt. We cannot be sure if the success of first and second attempts is more or less likely with the first trampusks. We can be sure, but not sure, that there is a difference in the rate, in the first or the second, of ischial stents. We judged the quality to range from very low (for the first two attempts) to high (for both first-and-third-trushy cathet catheths). We rated our results as of high- or very
We included one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student study participants from the Netherlands and published 2009) and three ITS (three ITS) (three studies from the 1970s and 80s) that compared the effects of alcohol restrictions on consumption. The RCT found that young men who were given a low-alcohol content drink less than men who had been shown a high-alcohol-content drink. The ITS found that men who received a ban on all forms (partial or full) of alcohol advertising drank less. The results from the three ITS were not consistent. The two ITS studies that compared a ban to a ban were not of high quality. The review found that the effects on alcohol use were not clear. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2014. The quality of the evidence was very low due to a lack of robust evidence for or against the implementation of alcohol ad restrictions. There is a lack in the available evidence for the implementation or lifting of alcohol bans. There are no studies that have evaluated the effects or potential adverse effects of the ban on alcohol consumption. There were no studies evaluating the effects (economic loss or hardship) of the alcohol industry on the outcomes of interest. The studies were of low quality and were of short duration. The included studies were not funded by the alcohol or advertising industry.
This review of trials found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, short- and long-term weight gain, or incidence (NEC) in infants. There is no clear evidence of effect on the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis, a severe bowel disease, or on long- and brain growth. There were no studies that looked at long- or brain growth or development. There was no clear difference in the risk for adverse effects of MCT or LCT. There are no studies looking at long term growth or brain development.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one small randomised controlled trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of the reporting and lack of information on blinding. Transcervical saline was given to women at a rate of 10 mL per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL perminute until delivery, compared to no ammiotic fluid until delivery. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniolence. The evidence is current to February 2017. The study did not report on the number of babies that died or had severe complications (such as brain injury, brain damage, or admission to intensive/high care). The study also did not provide information on the rate of caesarean section. The amnial fluid was given in a room temperature saline solution. The women in the amnion infusion group had a lower temperature at delivery compared to women in a control group. The reduction in the temperature found may be a direct cooling effect of amninal saline, rather than reduction of infection. The number of women who developed endometritis (inflammation of the lining of the uterus) was not different between the groups. The duration of antibiotic treatment was not reduced in the control group, nor was the number women admitted to hospital. The included study did report on this review's other primary outcome (perinatal death or severe illness). The reduction of the baby's temperature at birth was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The majority of this review’s secondary outcomes were not reported in the included
The review authors identified three studies that met the inclusion criteria, with 1620 people. The studies were of limited quality and had limitations in their methods. The sensitivity of the tests was reported in all three of these three studies as 0.99, 0.76 and 0.83. The specificity of the test was 0.93, 089 and 083. There was clinical and methodological heterogeneity between the studies which precluded a pooled meta-analysis of the results. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection. The limited number of studies and the methodological limitations that are present in the current studies make it difficult to provide recommendations for or against the use of the Mini-Cog as a cognitive screening test in community settings. Additional well-designed studies comparing the MiniTheCog to other brief cognitive screening tests are required in order to determine the accuracy and utility of the mini-COG in community based settings.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dex (10.2 mg/d) (10 to 21.8 mg/D) (two studies, 35 people) and lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/dL) (30 to 70 mg/DA) (one study, 18 people) (three studies, 67 people). The studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten studies were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamine has powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. We did not find any evidence that amphetaminas improved ADHD symptom severity compared to other drugs. We also found no evidence that dexamphetamine reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms compared to placebo. We could not exclude the possibility that amphetamine improves the severity by clinicians or patients, but we found no difference between the two types of drug. We were unable to determine whether different doses of amphetamine did not appear to be associated with differences in efficacy. We identified no differences between the types of medication used in the studies. We assessed the quality of evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. The
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that we looked at, the dose of vitamin D that was given, the co-interventions, and the outcome measure used. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2016. The review found no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition. Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence). Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of vitaminD across different chronic painful diseases is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic painful disorders needs further investigation.
This review of studies found that professional interventions can improve the health of people with type 2 diabetes. In all studies the interventions were multifold and varied. In 12 studies the intervention was aimed at health professionals, nine were aimed at the management of care, 20 were aimed both. In 15 of the studies, patient education was added. A combined approach of a professional and an organisative approach showed a positive effect. The effect on patient health was less clear. The quality of the included studies was poor.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the use of birth-stopping birth-controlling drugs (hormone-like birth-pills) with other birth-control drugs. The trials included 1503 women, with a mean of 301 women. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The women were aged 25 years and younger. The birth-prevention methods tested were the following: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG-iUS 12 µg or 16 µg versus LNG. The LNGs were compared to the copper T380A intrauterinesure device (IUD). The trials comparing two different types of birth control methods did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the LNG -IUS group, which may have little clinic relevance. The trial comparing LNG 12 versus L NG-Ius 16 showed similar efficacy over one and three years. In three trials that examined different LNG, continuation was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. Different doses in the L NGs did not appear to influence efficacy over three years, and in another study, continuation of the Lng-IUs appeared at least as high as that for the COC. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review of trials found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms, asthma medication use, and bronchial re-reactions. There were 42 trials of immunotherapies (inactive drugs) for house mite, 27 for house dust mite and 10 for other animal dandies. There was no consistent effect on lung function. There is a need for more research in this field.
This review of six trials found that lung-protective ventilation reduced death at 28 and at the end of the stay in the hospital. The effects on long-term deaths are not known. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-lasting effects. The trials were of low risk of bias.
We included 15 studies with 1833 participants. The evidence was current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients with acute ischaemic shock is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. We identified no high-quality studies that compared the two techniques. The results of our review should be interpreted with caution. We recommend that future studies should be designed to compare the two methods of giving the drug intravenously. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients with a mean age of 75.4. The trials were of mixed quality and involved a total of 15,0936 patients. The combined results from the four trials reporting the incidence of dementia did not show a benefit from blood pressure-reducing drugs. The three trials reporting change in Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit of treatment. The blood pressure levels of systolic and diastolic blood pressure were reduced significantly in the three trials assessing this outcome. However, the combined results of these trials did not provide convincing evidence that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive people with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. Analysis of the included studies in this review was problematic as many of the control subjects received antihypertensive treatment because their blood pressures exceeded pre-set values. In most cases the study became a comparison between the study drug against a usual antihysterensive regimen. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the number that received active treatment. This introduced bias. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. The evidence is up to date to September 2015. In complex lesions, there were no differences in re-stenosis rates at six months and at one year in those receiving PTCRA with adjunctive balloon angioplasty (PTCRA/PTCA) compared to those receiving angioplastasty alone. PTCra/P TCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period. Compared to angioplanasty alone, PTCra did not increase the risk for major adverse events (MI, emergency cardiac surgeries or death). P TCRA/PCTA did not reduce the risk that patients experienced a spasm, perforation or transient vessel occlusion. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCA in non-complex lesions. Morphological characteristics of complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised controlled trials.  In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTCa), PTCR may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. The quality of the evidence for the effectiveness of P TCRA in in-stent re-steenosis is unclear. We found no long-term data to support the routine use of PCTRA in the routine routine use for in-ventricular re-stents.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCT) with a total of 333 children under 24 months of age. Two of these trials were multicentre trials, which included only children who had been positive for the common cold. The other was a single trial with a small sample of children from a single centre. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) nebulaise (a drug that blocks the growth of bronchiolitis) of nebulised rh DNase. Adjunctive therapy was nebulsed rh DNASE, sal buttermol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. Overall, nebulised rhDNase showed no benefit in clinically meaningful outcomes. Meta-analysis favoured the control group with a shorter duration of hospital stay and better clinical score improvement. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or intensive care unit admission. In one trial, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis (inflammation of the atelectrum). Two of the 11 patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after nebulisation rhDNASE. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste. The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use of nebulized rhDNases in children under the age of 24 months. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes. It might have a role in severe bronchio-bronchiolococcalitis complicated by atelectase, but further clinical studies would need to be performed.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. The studies compared the two approaches to the operation. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, how the patients had been selected, how it was done and how it had been done. The second was a large, well-conducted and well-reported study. The two studies were of good quality. The study that compared the perctaneous approach to the procedure found no difference in the risk of death, aneurysm exclusion, major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications. The percturgical approach was faster than the cut-down femoral artery access approach. The other found no differences in the length of time patients spent in the intensive care unit (ITU), the intensive treatment unit (where the patient is kept in intensive care), or the length (time) of stay in the ICU (where people are put in a special care room). We found no evidence that the percussive approach was more effective than the open femur access approach for any of the outcomes. We found that there was no difference for the risk or complications of bleeding or haematoma. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low because of the small number of studies, low event numbers, impreision (difference in the number of deaths) and impreise (diffidence) of the results). We rated the quality as low for all the outcomes, meaning we are very unsure of the true effect. We rated our confidence in the results as high for the results of the review.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was more likely to cause allergic reactions. Discontinuation rates were higher with the sponge than with the diapragm. Other randomized trials will be needed. No new trials have been identified since the initial review.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review. Six of these studies were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies looked at amelioration. Two studies looked into the use of a drug to prevent cognitive decline. One study looked at the use a drug that was given to people with brain tumours to help them to learn to use their mind more quickly. The other three studies examined the use or ameloration (rehabilitation) of people with dementia. The first two studies looked for ways to prevent or amleve the cognitive decline in people who had brain tumour. The third study looked for a way to amlebrate the amlethral decline. The second two studies found that people who were given a drug (methphenidate or d-threo- methyl phenide) had better memory at six months than people who did not take the drug. The results of the first two trials were not consistent. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2013. The fourth trial found that a drug called memantine may help prevent cognitive deficits in people with cancer who have had brain irradiation. The fifth trial found a drug which was given for the prevention of cognitive decline, but the results were inconclusive. The sixth trial found no evidence that the drug was effective in ameloring the cognitive deficits of people who have brain tumors. The final trial found some evidence that donepezil may help people with a brain tumor to use memory tests. The trial found improvements in memory in both the methylphenidate and modafinil arms. The study that found a rehabilitation program for the ameloration of cognitive deficits did not find a difference between groups. The last trial found improvement in memory tests in people taking the drug and placebo. The quality of the evidence was low. The studies were small and had a number of limitations. There were no strong evidence to support any non-drug interventions (
We found two studies that compared laser treatment with placebo (fake) laser treatment. The studies were of low-level laser treatment compared to a dummy treatment. Both studies were at high risk of bias. The two studies included 26 participants with a mean age of 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low low-low-low laser treatment on the treatment of nerve damage in the upper lip (iatrogenic) nerve. The results of the two studies were imprecise. There was some evidence that there was some benefit in the subjective assessment of nerve injury, but the results were impreise. The overall quality of the studies was low. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2015.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodology problems that meant we could not combine their data. One trial (161 pregnant women) was based on a woman with a history of diabetes. It did not show a difference in the rate of miscarriage (miscarriage) and pre-term birth (pre-term births less than 34 weeks of gestation). The second trial (involving 161 pregnant women who had had IVF) was also not shown a difference. This study did not report on this review's other main outcome (perinatal death) nor on the rate or number of pre-eclampsia (preterm birth). The trial did not find a difference for any of our other primary outcome (preinatal deaths) nor for the rate (preonant deaths) of the baby. The use of oestrogen and progestin did not seem to increase the risk of cancer in the mother. There was no difference in other outcomes that we were concerned with: low birthweight (birth of less 2500 g), low birth weight of less than 2500 g, low birth-weight of less more, genital problems (miscanation), cancer in genital tract (in the mother), or cancer in other parts of the body (in other than the genital tract) in the baby). The study did find no difference for the number of miscarries in the group. The trial was not large and had a high risk (in more than 30% of women) of bias. The evidence is current to January 2015.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs were effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups (1364) was 1364 and in the control groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, usually 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data (RR) showed an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38 in the TCAs group and 1.28, 95%, 95%CI 1.15-1.43 in SSRI group. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (median NNT 9) and SSRs from 7.7 to 8.8 (medians 7 to 8). The numbers of participants who withdrew from the studies due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 for TCA and 20 to 90 for SSRIS.
This review of trials found that ibuprofen is effective in relieving migraine headache pain in a small number (1 in 10) of people, but not all. Ibuproven 400 mg was better than rofecoxib 25 mg for 2-hour and 24-hour pain-free and headache-free relief, and was better at relieving pain in people with mild to moderate pain. Ibupsroen 400 mg provided more rapid relief than placebo, but was no better than standard tablets for 2 hours. Similar numbers of people experienced side effects, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibuproxen and placebo. Ibupprofen 400 mg did not differ from rofecaoxib in terms of effectiveness for relieving headache pain or 24- hours of headache relief.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye) in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison. All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no between-treatment differences. Our review also found that OTC synthetic tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias. OTCificial tears may provide a safe and effective means for treating dry eyes; however, the literature indicates that the majority of OTC tears may have similar efficacies. This conclusion could be greatly skewed by the inconsistencies in study designs and inconsistencies in reporting trial results. Additional research is therefore needed before we can draw robust conclusions about the effectiveness of individual OTC tear formulations.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared the effects of second-line regimin regimins with first-line treatment. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamvudine and those who did not, in their later regimines. Two small studies of low quality suggest no difference for virolotic suppression whether or not lamvulid is maintained in a second-lung regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-lunar treatment failure on non-thymidine analog combinations. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimens is encouraging. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We evaluated a total of seven different tests, including the reference standard and index test, and 69 non-pre-prepecified, and 32 different combinations. We found that all the tests had low to very low sensitivity. The tests we looked at were for diagnosing the presence of obstructive airways (e.g., difficult face mask ventilation, tracheal intubation, and failed intubations). We found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the tested test, six for the Wilson test, 52 for thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance (a test of the airway), 34 for the mouth opening test, 30 for the test of mouth bite, and 30 for an upper lip bite. The upper lip test for diagnose the presence or absence of obstructions in laryngoscopy was the most accurate. For diagnosing trachea-related problems, we found that the upper lip bites test was the best test for detecting the presence, absence, or absence. For difficult tracheation, we could not find any high-specificity tests. For tracheo-difficult face mask, we were able to use the Wilson risk score, which is a test that assess the risk of a patient's risk of having a serious lung problem. We could not use the tests for diagnosis of tracheas that were not obstructive. For the tests that were tested for diagnosability, we used the modified Mallampatis test, which has the highest sensitivity for diagnostics of difficult tracation. For other tests, we did not find high-relevant data. We judged the risk for all the different tests to be variable. We considered the risk that the studies were at risk of bias, but we mostly observed low risk of risk of biased studies for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of biases for reference standard (
This review of trials found that probiotics can reduce the number of times diarrhoea attacks in people with acute diarrhoeas. Probiotics also reduce the duration of diarrhoeae and the number and frequency of stool attacks. Probiotic regimens can also help to reduce the frequency of rehydration therapy. Probatories appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and frequency in acute infectious diarrhoee. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regiments in specific patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-based standard care with the standard care alone. This study was of very low quality. The study was conducted in the USA and involved 52 people with schizophrenia. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of nid therapy-enhanced standard care versus standard care. The results of the study showed that people receiving nid therapies were more likely to engage in social functioning and to leave the study early in the short term. However, the results of this study did not show that this was a statistically significant finding. The studies also showed that there was a slight advantage for the intervention group in terms of engagement with non-inpatient services in both the short and medium term. The quality of the evidence was very low for social functioning, engagement with services, and engagement with other services. The evidence for adverse effects/death was very poor. The overall quality of evidence was low for engagement with social functioning/non-inpatients, service use, and economic outcomes. The included study did, however, show that people leaving the study earlier in the study group were more satisfied with the intervention. The limited evidence available for social function/nonpatients and service use was of mixed quality.
We searched for studies that compared pregabalin with placebo (a pretend drug) or with other treatments for fibroids. We found eight studies that met our inclusion criteria. Five studies (3283 participants) had a classic design (where people were randomised at the start of the study) in which people were given pregapalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo (placebo) or both. The studies lasted between 8 to 13 weeks. The results showed that pregabsalin 300 to 600 mg reduced pain intensity by about 50% or more in people with moderate or severe fibromyalgia. This was achieved in about 2 in 10 (22%) people (high quality evidence) and about 1 in 10 people (24%) with fibromyromyalgia who were not taking pregabbyalin. The effect was similar to other effective medicines (milnacipipine, duloxetine, and duloxic). The effect of pregaboalin 300 or 600mg was experienced by about 1.8 people (14% to 24%) more than placebo (high-quality evidence). The number of people experiencing moderate or very good pain relief was about 1% with pregabaalin 300 and 1.5 people (18% to 19%) with placebo. The number with moderate pain relief of at least 30% pain intensity reduction was about 2.5 more people (17% to 25%) with pregalazine 300 to 300 mg (high high-quality information). The quality of the evidence was high for moderate or good pain reduction, and very low for moderate pain reduction. The quality was very low or low for serious side effects. The majority of people taking pregalamide 300 to600 mg experienced side effects, such as dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema (worsening of the symptoms of fibromyalgia). Serious side effects did not differ between
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia) that compared the use of a drug called Magnesium sulphate with a dummy drug (placebicarbonate). The trial did not show a difference in Apg score (a test of Apg at birth) or gestations (the gestations of the babies) at birth. The trial was at a low-risk-bias (low chance of bias). The study did, however, show that there were more adverse effects (feels warm, flush, and dry) in the Magnesium Sulphate group than in the dummy group. There were no significant difference in the rate of post-birth haemorrhage (bleeds) or caesarean section. The review found no evidence that the use or lack of use of MagSulphate is harmful to the baby. However, there is not enough evidence to determine whether or not it is safe for women to use MagS Sulphates in the treatment of preterm pregnancies.
This review aimed to determine the effectiveness of smoking cessation programmes for smoking cessation in Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the criteria for this review. Two used a smoking cessation programme that used a pharmacotherapy, one used a cognitive/breathe support programme, one through text message and one through a clinic doctor-trained programme. The results of the four studies were pooled. The studies found that the smoking quit rate in the group of people who were given a smoking quit programme was higher. The smoking quit rates in the other groups were lower. The findings of this review do not support the use of these programmes in non-Indigenised populations. The review highlights the need for more research in this field.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We included studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) in the meta-analys. We considered studies of general and high- risk patients (nine and eight studies, respectively) separately as subgroups for meta-analysis. We found that PAC did not affect the number of deaths in the ICU or hospital, or the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). We also found that there was no difference in the number or cost of hospital stays between the two groups. We did not find any evidence that PAC changed the number and length of hospital stay. We also did not identify any differences in the cost of care between the groups. The quality of the evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias. We judged blinding of participants and personnel and blinding of outcome assessment to be at high risk in about 50% of included studies and at low risk in 25% to 30% of them.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by skilled phlebotomist, is the method of choice for blood sampling. The use of a sweet tasting solution (sugar water or water-like substance) prior to the blood sample is thought to help to reduce the pain caused by the procedure. The need for more than one skin pricks was also reduced.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women. The studies were of poor quality and did not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of second-stage suturing. The results of the two small trials were not consistent. There was no evidence to show that second-phase sutures are more effective than the original treatment in the healing of perneal wounds. There were no data on the number of perineal wounds that had healed at six months or longer. There is an urgent need for a large, well-conducted randomised trial to evaluate the benefits and harms of both treatment.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological limitations of 17 included studies were poor. Included studies separately compared Chinese medical herbs with antivirals (drug) and antiviral drugs, precluding any pooling. Most of the studies found that Chinese medical herbal medicines were effective in preventing or treating flu. Few were shown to be better than antivirials. Most Chinese medical herb medicines were found to be similar to antivirral drugs. No clear evidence of side-effects were found. More high- quality randomised trials with large sample size and clear reports are needed. The evidence is up to date as of February 2014.
We searched for studies that compared the use of thrombolytic agents to a control group that did not have a catheter. We found 8 studies that met our inclusion criteria. These studies included a total of 558 participants. The studies compared the same treatments. The evidence is current to May 2015. Thromboyltic agents were compared to placebo (a pretend treatment), no treatment, low dose thrombosporin, alteplase, urokinase, short versus long thrombotic agent, fibrin sheath stripping, fibin sheat stripping, over-the-wire catheter exchange and exchange with and without angioplasty sheath disruption. No two studies compared different treatments. Thronbolytics were compared with placebo, no treatment or no treatment alone. The review found that thrombin sheath removal, fintan sheath replacement and over- the-wire replacement are effective and appropriate therapies for immediately restoring catheter patency in dysfunctional cuffed and tunnelled HD catheters. There is no evidence to suggest any specific treatment is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. There was no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis access or risk of side effects. The certainty of the evidence was low due to the fact that it is based on only one study with wide confidence limits, high risk of bias and imprecision in the estimates of adverse effects.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised) that met our inclusion criteria. Fifteen trials (in 20 treatment groups) reported tumour growth, 11 trials (14) reported time to the start of the disease, and 15 trials (22) published time-to-death. The trials were of mixed quality. The evidence is up-to date as of April 2014. The addition of one or more drugs to the regimen showed a statistically significant advantage for tumour response in women with metastatic breast cancer but the results suggest no difference in survival time or time to progression. The positive effect on tumour size was also associated with increased toxicity. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia were more common with the addition of a drug.
This review of trials found that a non-invasive neonatal intensive care ward (NLU) is more likely to be safe than an ICU. However, it is unclear if this is due to the length of stay in the ICU, or the fact that it is more expensive. There is some evidence that those who are treated in a NLU are more likely than those in ICU to be readmitted to the ICUs. There was no evidence that a NLu was better than ICU care in terms of death, but it is not clear if this was due to an increase in the length or cost.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. The studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound treatment with one other, two used ultrasound as part of a non-surgic treatment, and six used ultrasound in a multi- component non-non-surgical treatment. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2016. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence to support the greater benefit of one type of therapeutic ultrasound regimen over another or to support using therapeutic ultrasound as a treatment with greater efficacy compared to other non- surgical interventions for CTS, such as splinting, exercises, and oral drugs. More studies are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of therapeutic ultrasonography for CT.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastat, atorivastin, simvastsatin, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. The evidence is current to August 2013. We found that statin therapy alone had a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular events in patients with a previous history of stroke or TIA. There was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death. Three statin trials showed a reduction in subsequent serious vascular events. There is evidence that statins significantly reduce subsequent major coronary events but only marginally reduces the risk of stroke recurrence. There were no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in patients who had previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later. In view of this and the evidence of the benefit of statin therapies in patients without a history of heart disease, patients with ischaemic stroke or stroke or a history in whom heart disease has already been established should receive statins.
This review of trials found that comprehensive tobacco control programmes, which include mass-market media campaigns, can be effective in changing people's smoking habits. There is some good-practice research in the field, but the evidence is of mixed quality. There are a number of reasons why this is so. The most common are that the campaigns are of poor quality, the length of the campaigns is short, and the fact that they are not funded by the same source. There were few studies that looked at the effect of the programmes on the number of people who quit or quit trying, and these were of poor or unclear quality. The studies that did find that the programs were effective in the way they were designed, the way the campaigns were carried out, and how they were measured.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances when compared with no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared to psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, sleep disturbances or anxiety in the short term. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercise. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate for yoga versus no therapy and very low for yoga compared with psychosomatic interventions. The results of the review suggest that yoga might be an effective supportive intervention for improving health- related quality oflife and reducing fatigue and night-time sleep disturbances, as a supportive intervention when compared against no therapy. However, the quality of evidence was very low or low for other outcomes. The included studies did not adequately report safety-related data. The overall quality of this evidence was low or very low. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of studies.
We searched for evidence on the effectiveness of different imaging strategies in glioma. We found one study that compared early post-operative brain scans (up to 48 hours after surgery) with no early postoperative brain scans. This study included 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics in the two groups were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early brain scans with respect to survival at one year after diagnosis of gliomas and at two years after diagnosis. No other review outcomes were reported. We did not find any evidence on whether other imaging strategies are effective. In addition, we found no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategy. The effect of different timing strategies on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in glooma seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based. The limited evidence suggesting that early postoperatively-scanned brain scans among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment may make little or little difference to survival needs to be further researched, particularly as early post operative brain scans also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. Mathematical modelling of a large gliome patient database could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of gloomas, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other prognostic factors. In particular, paediatric gliomatosis study designs could be used to inform future research of imaging strategies among adults with gliomet.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state (the 'Clinic-World-Impression', a tool that assess the effect of a drug) was not shown to be improved by chlorpromazine or meteapine. There was no clear difference in the number of people with parkinism (disease of the legs) at eight weeks with chlorpromamide and meteopaine. The quality of the evidence was very low. There were no useable data for the other key outcome of clinical important improvement, readmission due to a recurrance, satisfaction with the drug, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost. Ch chlor Prompromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiapine fails to provide high-quality trial based data. However, the need to determine whether metiAPine is more or less effective than chlorpromidine seems to be lacking in clinical relevance and future research on this comparison seems unlikely.
This review of trials found that nitro-imidazole antibiotics, mesalamine, azathioprine/6-MP and infliximab all appear to be effective in the treatment of post-operative Crohn's disease. The use of nitroimid AZM and mesalamines was associated with a significantly reduced risk of clinical and endoscopic recurrence when compared to placebo. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious adverse events. Azathiopride/6MP was also associated with significantly reduced clinical recurrence and severe endoscopic re-growth when compared with placebo. There was no significant difference between mesalaminamine and azathyprine/sixMP for any other outcome. There were insufficient trials of inflixIMab, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 to draw conclusions.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. Comparison 1: cognitive and coping skills programs versus twelve- step programmes (one trial, 41 participants) There was no significant difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol abstinence assessed with Substance Abuse Calendar and breathalyser at one year: risk ratio (RR) 2.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.10 to 55.06); and retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment: RR 0.89 (95%, CI 0.62 to 1.29), or for any of the secondary outcomes reported. The quality of evidence for the primary outcome was very low. Comparison 2: brief intervention versus treatment as usual (three trials, 197 participants) The quality was low for both the primary and secondary outcomes (participants' alcohol use, alcohol use at three months, and retention rate at three-month, measured by the Addiction Severity Index-alcohol score (ASI) at two months). There was also no significant differences between groups in the other primary outcome, retention in the treatment program, or for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. The evidence for retention in drug use at end-of-treatment was low. The data were not available for retention of alcohol use or retention in other outcomes. Comparison 3: motivational interviewing versus treatment only or educational intervention only (three trial, 462 participants) No significant difference was found between groups (alcohol use, scores on the Addiction Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) or the Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) at three month, or
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) that looked at the effects of quinine for muscle cramp. We found 23 trials with 1586 people. Fifty-eight per cent of these people were from five unpublished studies. The trials compared quinaine to a dummy pill (20 trials), vitamin E, a quininesulfate-the-vitamins (three trials), a quinsine-vinitronate-vitiate (three) and a quinnine-theophosphate (one) combined (three), and xylocerein (one trial). We found no new trials for this update when we searched for them in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials was varied. All 23 trials claim to be randomised, but a small number of them describe how they were carried out. The most common quinsinine dose was 300 mg/d (range 200 mg/day (range 500 mg/week) to 500 mg per day. We did find that quinidine (200 mg/dose) reduced cramps by 28% in two-wee weeks (two weeks) and cramps days by 20%. The most commonly reported adverse events were gastrointestinal symptoms, mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. The number of people who experienced major adverse events was similar to placebo (no treatment) but there was no significant difference in major adverse effects between quinide and placebo. One person suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder) on quinne. A quinane-vitamin E combination, vitamin E alone, and xoceinol injections into the stomach muscle were not significantly different to quinate across all outcomes, including adverse effects. Based on a single trial comparison, quinline alone was less effective than a qukinine- theophylline combination but with no significant
We found seven trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Six trials compared magnesium to placebo (a pretend treatment) and one trial to no treatment. The trials enrolled people with idiopathic cramps, which are cramps that start in the night. The evidence is current to May 2015. For idiopathy (cramps that occur in the evening and during the day) cramps were similar in frequency and intensity between the two groups. The differences in frequency of cramps between the groups were small, not statistically significant, and were not consistent. The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group. Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found in the number of cramp days or the duration of the cramps. The single trial comparing magnesium to no intervention failed to find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials comparing magnesium versus placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the number or severity of minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in severity to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramps (for example, those with ALS/MND). In contrast, for those experiencing pregnancy-associated rest cramps the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is needed. We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramp or disease-associated cramps in adults.
We searched for studies that compared combined strength and aerobic exercise training with no training. We found one study that included 14 people with SMA. The study was conducted in the USA, and the participants were between 10 and 48 years old. The participants were followed up for six months. The results of the study showed that people who received strength training performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of the participants did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise program. The training program did not improve walking distance or improve the amount of exercise people could do. People who received training had slightly better muscle strength, but the results were inconclusive. People in the training group had slightly more oxygen in their blood than people in the usual care group. People receiving training had similar levels of oxygen in the blood as people in usual care. The trial did not assess the effects of physical activity levels. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. It is uncertain whether combined strength or aerobic exercise treatment is beneficial or harmful in people with spinal cord injury. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people who have spinal cord injuries and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
We found two small trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy or hard-wearing collar immobilization. One trial (81 patients with neck spondylotic spondyleotic radiculopathy) found that surgery was superior to physiotherapy and cervical collar immobilizing in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. One study (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelopathy) did not find any significant differences in pain relief between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylesotic radcysplasia or myelopathies. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
This review of nine studies found that telephone consultation by different health care workers, such as nurses or health assistants, may have a positive impact on patient care. Telephone consultation may have an effect on the use of GP's and nurses, but more research is needed.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Germany, France, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, New South Wales, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newyork, New Glasgow, New North Wales, South Wales and the UK. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for all outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared interventions to improve inhaler technique with no treatment. We included studies that looked at the effect of any type of training, such as face to-face or multidirectional training, or that used a variety (e.g., DVD, computer app or game) of inhaler training. We found 29 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We considered most of the evidence to be of low or unclear quality. Most studies were at low or uncertain risk of bias, which meant we could not be sure of the results. We also found that the studies were small, and some were of poor quality. We could not tell whether the studies had an effect on the way people's asthma attacks or asthma symptoms improved. We did find that some people who had an inhaler education programme showed some benefit in terms of their asthma control, but the studies we found did not show that this was a consistent effect. We were able, in some cases, to make some conclusions on the effect on how well people used their inhalers, but we could make no clear conclusions on how much. We are not sure if the studies showed that the training led to any important clinical benefits. We do know that people who have an inhalers' checklists check them frequently, but it is not clear how often or how often. We can be reasonably sure that people with an asthma attack or an unaccurately assessed flare up of their symptoms are checked for their asthma symptoms. We think that people should be given a chance to try to learn to use their inhaler properly, but more research is needed.
This review of three small trials, involving 226 participants, found that there is not yet enough evidence to support the use of mannitol in acute stroke. The trials were of poor quality, and the results were imprecise. There is a need for more research to confirm or refute the benefits and harms of manmitol in the treatment of people with stroke.
This review of six trials found that D-penicillinamine appears to be a promising drug for rheumatoid rheumatoid rhabdomyolysis, but with a higher risk for side-effects.
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of poor quality. All four trials used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a control group that was given a treatment with a placebo (a pretend drug). The fourth trial used the decoce of Huangqi compound with two other Chinese herbs. None of the studies reported on the effects of the Chinese herbs on the cancer. The results of the four trials suggest that the use of Huangqui compounds may stimulate the production of immune cells and decrease side effects in patients treated with chemotherapy, but there is no robust demonstration of benefit. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use Chinese herbs, but we need high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects on chemotherapy-related side effects.
We searched for studies that compared vitamin A and/or DHA with vitamin B or placebo in people with RP. We found three studies that met our inclusion criteria. The three studies included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years. The studies evaluated vitamin A alone, DHA alone, and a third study compared D HA and vitamin A with vitamin A. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of participants ranged from four to 54 years. None of the studies reported the primary outcome, mean change of visual field from baseline at one year, and no study reported the effect of vitamin A or DHA on the progression of visual loss or visual acuity loss. No adverse effects were reported in these three trials. Two of the three trials reported differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any of the other trials. Based on the results of three RCTs, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin C and/ or D HA for people with retinal degeneration in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG amplitude at one-year follow-up. In future RCTS, since some of the included studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue. Future trials should take into account the changes observed in ERGs and other outcome measures from trials included in this study, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure adequate power to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 people at risk of job loss. The majority had inflammatory arthritis and most had had a history of having a flare up of rheumatoid arthropathies. The trials aimed to prevent job loss and work absenteement by a range of ways: first, by assessing the work changes or adapting to the new work, and second, by giving advice and/or guidance to prevent work loss. Interventions aimed to improve work function by measuring work absenteements, work absenteeisms, work changes, and work function. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour to six- to eight one to two-hour sessions over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months. Intervention directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician (one). The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found very low quality evidence that job loss prevention interventions have an effect on job loss, work absences and work functioning in workers with inflammatory arthritis. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low. We identified no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. We concluded that the evidence is of very low to moderate quality. Further high quality RCTs are needed to confirm the effectiveness of job prevention interventions in workers who have inflammatory arthritis, but the results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of giving arginine to pre term babies who were born before 37 to 36 weeks' gestation (before the first trimester) to prevent NEC. We found three studies that included a total of 285 preterm babies (140 received arginines and 140 received placebo) from three countries. The evidence is current to August 2015. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC (any stage) among preterm neonates in the arginaine group compared with the placebo group and rated the quality of evidence as moderate. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of development of the NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%) and NEC stage 2 (RR 1.13, 95%) in the ARG group compared to the control group. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the arkinine and control or no treatment groups. Mortalities due to NEC were not significantly reduced between the ARginine and placebo groups. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. Investigators noted no significant side effects directly attributable to arginin, including hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed.
We found four trials involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus a dummy drug (placebo), no treatment, or a placebo (a pretend drug). The trials lasted 15 or 21 days. The rates for loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. The trials showed that INCS was more effective than placebo in improving symptoms. Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of the symptoms and the need for treatment. No significant adverse events were reported. The drop out and recurrence rate was no different in the two groups. The quality of the trials was very low. The evidence is limited for the acute sinuitis of acute sinuses and is based on four small trials.
This review of trials found that giving low doses of the antibiotic vancomycin to pre term babies with low birthweight babies (at birth) to prevent sepsis (sepsis) in the newborns reduces the risk. There was not enough evidence to know if the low dose of vancoma-prophylactic antibiotics prevented the babies from being born with resistant organisms.
We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore not enough to be sure that the choice of dressings or other treatments for wounds healing by second-wound care is influenced. We found that a single small trial of aloe vinca supplements versus gauze suggests that the wound may heal more slowly, but the results of this trial were uninterpretable. A single small, low-cost trial of a dressing made from aloe vera suggests that it may slow the wound's healing, but this is uninterpretive. There were no differences in the length of time that the wounds took to heal for the other dressings (e.g., gauze, foam). There was some low-income research on foam and foam was found to be an alternative to gauze. The use of foam was compared with gauze and found to have a lower cost. There was no difference in length of stay in the hospital. There are no trials on the use of plaster casts.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared different methods for birth-stopping pills, birth-pills, and birth-control pills with each other. The evidence is up- to- date as at December 2014. We found two trials of pills with progestin-only pills and two trials with an etonogestrel-releasing implant. We also found two studies with a levonorgestrel intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found no trials of birth-controlling pills with a placebo (fake pill) or birth control pills with no active ingredient. We did not find any trials of other birth-related outcomes. Most studies did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. For breastfeeding duration two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG-iUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group but no significant difference at one year. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. One trial did not measure this. For infant growth, three trials that assessed infant growth indicated no significant differences. One showed greater weight gain in the etonogenol implant group versus no method but less in the depot medroxyprogesterone acetate group. The others studied birth-regulating pills with different methods. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data. Five trials indicated no difference between groups in breastfeeding time (etonogestre implant insertion times, birth control pill insertion times and birth control methods, and LNGs) and five trials indicated little or no difference in breast milk content. For the other outcomes, a C
We found 10 studies that compared red-light cameras with either no cameras or with red-litter cameras. The studies were conducted in the USA, Singapore, and the UK. The evidence is current to January 2014. The review found that red-camera use is effective in reducing total casualty crashes. However, the studies did not adjust for the effects of the camera on the number of crashes, the number and severity of injuries, or the number or severity of red-life collisions. The quality of the studies was not high. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution as most of the included studies did adjust for both the impact of the cameras on the total number of collisions and the impact on injuries. The included studies were of poor quality and the results should be treated with caution.
This review identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of patients who had reached a level of INR (in the blood) of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of treatment. One of these three studies showed that a 10-mg warfarin-nomogram-guided warfarine loading dose (10 mg) was more likely than 5 mg (5 mg) to be effective in achieving a level 2.5 to 3 to 3 on the first day of therapy. One study showed that 5 mg was more effective than 10 mg in achieving an INR of 2 to 3 in patients with VTE. One trial showed that in patients who were admitted to hospital with VTC, a 5-mg loading dose was more successful than a 10 mg loading dose in achieving INR 2.3 to 3 days after starting treatment. No difference was observed in the number of patients with major bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of hospital stay. No significant difference was seen in the occurrence of recurrent venous thromboembolism at 90 days when the warfarins of 10 mg and 5 mg were compared. In patients with acute thrombotic thrombinopathy (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, considerable uncertainty surrounds the use of a 10 or a 5 mg loading doses for initiation of warfaren to achieve an INT of 2-3.0. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding optimal warfaran initiation nomograms.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with standard care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model (providing care at home and in the hospital) with standard treatment. Two of these trials (included in the review) were of high risk (high-risk) risk (bias). The trials were small, and we were not able to detect any difference in the results. None of the trials were designed to treat people with dementia, and the data were from sub groups (the 'dementors') of people with both mild and severe dementia or cognitive impairments. We found that some of the models of care may be effective in preventing delirium and length-of-stay in the short- and long-term for people with mild to moderate-disease. There was low-certainty that, when gerontologists and orthopaedic team-led care were compared to orthopeds, geriatrician- led care may lead to shorter length- of-stay. We were not sure about the effects of the different models of treatment on quality- of life, as we found no data from the trials. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low or low, and this means we are very unsure of the results, and that we are uncertain of the overall results. We downgraded the certainty to low or very low for all of the main results, mainly due to the small number of trials, and because we were unable to detect a clear difference in effect between the different groups.
We searched for studies that compared home-based nursing services with home care for children with acute and long-term illness. We found seven studies with 840 children. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The children were aged from one month to 18 years. The interventions were different and included home-centred care, home-delivered care, and home-supervised care. The results of the studies did not provide supporting evidence for a reduction in access to hospital services or a reduction on hospital readmission rates. However, the only summary finding across a few studies was that there is a significant decrease in length of hospitalisation. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home-home care. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long term costs.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 40 studies that compared ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. The evidence is current to February 2016. The studies included 7524 people with severe mental illness. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The results showed that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and may improve social functioning. It also may reduce adverse events and the number leaving the study early. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for the outcomes adverse events, social functioning, and death by suicide. The overall quality of evidence was very low to moderate for the outcome service use. The main limitations of the included studies were poor reporting of study methods and a lack of information about the types of people who were included in the studies. The review found that ICm is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with mental illness, including reducing the number and severity of hospitalisations, and improving social functioning and adverse events. However, the quality of this evidence is very low. The most important finding is that ICMs are more likely to be successful than non- ICMs in reducing the time spent in the hospital and improving the quality and quantity of care.
This review of trials found that box model training improves technical skills in trainee laparoscopists who have not had any prior laparoscope-related laparoscopic experience. The training is performed in a group of trainee trainee surgeons who are not already competent to perform the procedure. The trainee is then compared with a group who are competent and receive no training. The results of this review are threatened by the risk of bias (risk of overestimation) and by the play (play) of chance (play). The results show that box models of the laparostomy are more likely to be completed in less time when they are trained in a box than when they were not. The time spent on the lap by trainee on a lap is also shorter. The impact of this on the time spent by trainees on the patient and on the costs of the surgery is not clear. The trials did, however, show that the time to complete the task was shorter in the box model group than in the no-training group. The trial did, on the whole, show no significant difference in the time it took to complete a lap. None of the other outcomes such as death and morbidity (death from any cause) were reported. The quality of the trials was low. The review found that the results were not consistent across the trials. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2015.
This review found two randomised clinical trials that compared the use of per oral glucocorticoids with each of the other two treatments. One trial (17 patients), which was funded by the manufacturer, found that per oral corticostoids tended to increase adverse events (pancreatitis, cholangitis with septicaemia, paranoid ideas, fluid retention) and had no cholanographic improvement. The other trial (18 patients) compared budesonide with prednisone and found that patients had higher serum bilirubin concentrations after treatment with prednnisone compared with budesonid. No other statistically significant effects on clinical or biochemical outcomes were reported on any of the evaluated interventions. There is no evidence to support or refute peroral glucococortics for patients with primary sclerosing cholenitis.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards a trend for better survival and a trend in favouring the early feeding of people with acute myelosuppressive syndrome. The review found no data on death. Further trials are needed. These trials should be large and should report not just the effects of early feeding on survival and quality- of- life, but on death, and should also report on the effect of the early feed on the effects on the person's ability to walk, eat, and drink.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) demonstrated that people who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls (moderate quality evidence), 15 studies (3587 participants) showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control participants (moderate evidence), and in 15 studies with 9791 participants (9791 people) participants drank one unit per occasion less than no control participants. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at end-of-follow up (low-quality data). The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital interventions to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. The BCCs of goal setting, problem-solving, information about antecedents, behaviour substitution and credible sources were associated in a multivariable model that included BCT with B > 23 in the unadjusted model (multivariable is a way to report whether individual BCT is linked to the effect of the intervention). In a multivivariable, multivariability model that includes BCT models with BCT > 23, the BCT of behaviour change, problem solve and credible information were associated. There were no differences in alcohol intake between the groups. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. A median of nine BCT was used in experimental arms (range = 1 to 22). A median BCT (range 1 to 20) was used for the outcomes of
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants. The studies compared benzodiazepines with placebo (a fake medicine), and we found 24 studies that were of low or very low quality. The review found that benzodazole was more likely to be effective than a fake medicine in the short- and medium- term, and the drop-out rate was lower. The drop- out rate was also higher with benzodiazole than with a fake treatment. The number of people who responded to the treatment was lower with benzoids than with the fake medicine. The quality of the evidence was low for both the efficacy and the acceptable of the treatment. We found that the number of drop- outs was higher with the benzodizole than in the fake medication. We did not find any evidence that benzoids were more effective than SSRIs, but we found that they were more likely than SSRs to cause side effects. We judged the quality of this evidence to be low. We also found that we could not be sure that the studies were of high quality. We rated the quality for the other outcomes as low. The included studies were short-term and did not look at the long-term effects of benzoids, nor did they look at long-lasting side-effects. We assessed the quality and quantity (number of dropouts) of the studies as very low.
We found 13 studies that recruited a total of 1520 participants. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with high blood pressure, the elderly people at high- risk of fall, and people with a history of heart disease. The studies were of short term (one year) and of varying duration. The results of the studies were not consistent. There was some suggestion of a possible effect of tai-chi-chi (tai-chi) on CVD risk factors, but the results were not similar across the studies. There were no deaths from any cause, all- cause deaths, or non-fate deaths, and no deaths due to any cause. There is no clear evidence that tai chi is effective in reducing CVD risks. There are three ongoing studies. We are not sure if tai Chi is effective for the prevention of CVD. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main reasons for this were that the studies had some risk of bias, which means we are not certain that the results are likely to be valid. The included studies were small, and the results of these studies were imprecise.
We found 27 studies that tested family-based interventions to prevent children and adolescents from starting to smoke. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Twenty-three studies were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based programmes provided to all participants. These two groups of studies were considered separately. The quality of the evidence was moderate for most outcomes. There was moderate quality evidence that family-related interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a control group receiving no intervention. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to control groups receiving no treatment. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. The evidence is therefore strongest for high intensity family interventions used independently of school interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Based on this moderate quality of evidence a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because we could not include data from all studies. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. The overall quality of studies was moderate.
We found three studies that compared corticosteroids to placebo (a pretend drug) or to a number of other drugs, in 451 adult cancer patients. The studies were of low to very low- or unclear quality. Two studies compared dexamethasone (an anti-nausea drug) to a dummy drug (dexamethaethasine), and the third study used a number more drugs, but no data were provided. We found that corticostimulants (decamethazole, chlorpramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexametron) reduced nausea and vomiting in adult cancer survivors. However, the effect of corticoids on nausea was not statistically significant. The frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups, and the interventions were well tolerated. The quality of the evidence was very low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies.
We included 10 studies in this review. Three studies included children with HIV-infected HIV, four with cystic fibrosis, one with cancer and one with sickle cell disease. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to January 2015. The trials were conducted in children with a range of different diseases. The children were aged between one month and 18 years. The duration of the studies ranged from seven days to three years. Three of the trials were funded by the drug manufacturer. The other three trials were supported by the National Institutes of Health Research (NIHR) or the National Institute of Health (NIH). The evidence was current to February 2015. In the three studies that used antibiotics to prevent LRTIs, there was no significant difference in the frequency of children with lung infections. There was no evidence of increased risk of serious side effects. There were no significant differences in the number of children who developed a pathogenic strain of bacteria in the two studies that reported this outcome. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether antibiotics prevent the development of pathogenic bacteria in children who have cystic cystic disease. There are no data on the effect of antibiotics on quality of life. There may be some benefits of antibiotics for children with cystitis, but the evidence is not conclusive. There has been no evidence that antibiotics prevent certain types of cancer. There have been no studies on the effects of antibiotics in children whose cancer is not treated with chemotherapy. There appears to be no evidence to suggest that antibiotics are effective in preventing cancer. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 519 participants. The trials compared different gases (i.e. nitrous oxide, helium, argon, nitrogen, and room air) with each other or with standard pressure pneumoperitoneum. The evidence was current to May 2015. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous or carbon dioxide pneumoperitonum (100 participants) or carbon or helium pneumoperititoneum (96 participants). None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants), or surgical complications (very low quality of evidence), or on surgical morbidity (verylow quality of the evidence). There were no serious adverse events related to either nitrous nor carbon dioxide. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) with nitrous (or both) and carbon (or neither) pneumoperiterum at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low. Four trials randomising participants to helium or carbon (69 participants) and 75 participants, and one trial involving 33 participants did not state the number of participants in each group. None of these trials was of low risk. There were insufficient evidence for any of the outcomes. There is no evidence to show that nitrous, helium or room air pneumoperittalum reduces hospital costs or reduces pain during the first day after surgery. One trial randomised people to room air or carbon air (70 participants) (70% were women) or to carbon air or to room (76 participants). The trial was at unclear risk of biased. There are no cardiopulatemonary complications or serious adverse event observed related to room or carbon gas pneumoperiteum (
This review identified 14 studies investigating the effects of the following a single dose (dexamethasone) of corticostadol (a corticosteroid) in pre-eclampsia. Eight of the 14 studies enrolled 303 pre-term infants. The other eight studies enrolled 762 pre- eclampsies. The studies compared a high dose (high dose) with a low dose (low) or a moderate (low dose). The studies were of low or very low quality. The results of the studies were similar. The two studies that compared the use of a high-dose with a high, low-dose dose showed no differences in the risk of B PD. The four studies that used a high versus a low-dose dose of dexamethaetan showed no difference in the number of infants who died, or had a serious brain abnormally affected brain, when using the high-dosage dose. The trials that used the pulse dose of the drug showed an increase in B PD when the pulse was used. The evidence is up- to- date as of August 2015. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ corticestoids and lack of long-term neurodevelopmental data in most studies.
This review of trials found that there was no evidence that steroids reduced the risk of heart valve lesions. However, there was some evidence of benefit when corticostimulants (prednates) or immunoglobulins (intra-vitrovenous steroids), such as prednisone, were used to treat rheumatoid fever. The trials were of poor quality, and the risk for bias was substantial. More high- quality trials are needed.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachomatous fungal infection was reduced by 55% to 61%. However, this was not confirmed by a second study. One of these two studies found that health care programmes, which used a small amount of water, did not show any reduction in trchoma. One study found that a small number (29.5%) of people in a low-risk area had trchomatoma in the last year. Another study found a small reduction in the number of people with trachoma in a community where latrine provision was used. However, these findings have not been confirmed by another study. Health education programmes have shown a significant reduction of trachomas in one study but another study did not demonstrate similar findings. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of trchomas.
This review of fifteen studies (1043 participants) found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of tiredness at post-tiredness, and may be more effective in reduced tired-ness symptoms than other treatments. The results of the studies were not consistent and the results were not conclusive. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effects of CBT alone or in conjunction with other treatments, and more studies are needed.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared vitamin D supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) in people with sickle cell disease. The study was conducted in the USA and involved 46 people with HbSS, HbSC, HBSβ+thal and HbSβ0thal. The participants were randomised to receive vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo for six weeks and were followed up to six months. The vitamin D group had significantly higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. The quality of the evidence was low for the vitamin D levels. The group receiving vitamin D had a lower health-related quality of life score than the placebo group but this was not significant at eight or 16 weeks. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, but again the quality of evidence was very low. The frequency of pain was reduced in the vitamin group but again, the quality was low. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin and placebo groups, but the quality and quantity of evidence were low. We considered the quality to be low for all outcomes. The evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplements (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines) and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D (eg. from the USA Institute of Medicine). Evidence of vitamin D in sickle cells is needed.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found only one study that recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) (a speech and language therapy). The study was conducted in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. The study compared the two interventions in a total of 26 children. The evidence is current to January 2017. The results of the study showed that, when delivered intensively, both NDP-3 and ReST may improve word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and the accuracy in connected speech. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP- 3 for accuracy of speech production on non-treatment words, and for accuracy in speech production of at least three word combinations. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were that only one small study was identified, and that the results were imprecise. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-2 and Re ST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children aged four to 12 with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Further studies are needed to strengthen the evidence base.
We searched for studies that compared antibiotic treatment to placebo (fake treatment) or no treatment. We found four studies that randomised a total of 268 people. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children looked at the effect of trimethopr-chloride (a drug that is used to treat toxplasmal eye infection), and the other three studies looked at antibiotic treatment versus a fake drug. One of the three trials in the UK looked at pyretramine (a steroid) and pyrmethamine (an antifungal) for four weeks. The other three were from the US. The four studies were at a high risk of bias. One US study of pyrétramine and trisulfapyridine (a type of steroid) for eight weeks found that the infection had almost completely resolved by eight weeks, but in the US all people had to take steroids. The UK study of the same type of drug, pyrETramine, for four months found that it reduced intraocular inflammation. The study in Brazil of trimetrim-sulfamethoxazole for 12 months reported that the severity of inflammation was higher in the comparator group when compared to the antibiotic-treated group but did not provide further details. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. There is currently no good evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk of recurrent toxoplasma retinochoroiditis, but there is currently not enough evidence to show that this leads to better visual outcomes. Further trials of people with acute and chronic toxoplasmal retinochaemia affecting any part of the retina are required to determine the effects of antibiotic treatment on visual outcomes and to assess the safety of antibiotic therapy.
We included 43 trials involving 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of surgical and later fracture and reoperations. There were no major major difference in wound infection, death, wound wound closure or medical complications. Five of the 10 trials (623 people) of nail and hip screw compared for trochteric fracture found that the IMHS was more common in the IMH group. There was no difference in post-operative complications, wound infection and length of stay in the hospital for the SHS. Three of the trials (394 people), which were of different designs, found no major difference for wound infection or reoperation for the PS nail (PFN). None of the studies of nail versus extramedullar hip screw for trochanteric bone fracture found any major difference. Two of the two trials (124 people) found a trend to less wound healing complications with the PS nails (124 per cent) compared with fixed nail plates (124/124 per year) for unstable trochanters. Two trials (65 people) comparing the PS and SHS found that PS nails were associated with fewer fracture fixation complications than fixed nail plate for unstable fractures at the level of the lesser trochant. With its lower complication rate in comparison with intramedulary nails, and absence of functional outcome data to the contrary, the SHUS appears superior for trokanteric fractures. Further studies are required to confirm whether more recently developed designs of intrameudial nail avoid the complications of previous nails. Intrameducary nails may have advantages over fixed angle plates for some unstable trochsteric fractures, but further studies are needed.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of pneumatic or surgical techniques to treat bowel obstructions. We found one trial that met our inclusion criteria. This trial included 47 women who were followed up for a minimum of six months after surgery. The trial compared palliative surgery with medical management with either a combination of chemotherapy and radiotherapy or with a combination with a drug called Octreotide. The evidence is current to September 2013. The study found that women who received surgery had significantly better survival than women who had medical management. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not recorded and adverse events were incompletely documented. We were unable to identify any sub-groups of women who would benefit from one treatment or the other. The quality of the evidence was low. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub- groups of women that are likely to benefit from either one treatment.
This review of four trials found that statins improved lipid profiles and reduced the levels of hormones (taken alone or in conjunction with the oral contraceptive pill) in a small group (244 women) of women with PCOS. There was no good-evidence that statin use improved menstrual regularity, the number of ovulation cycles, hirsutism (worsening of hair), acne, or weight gain. Statins did, on the other hand, improve blood lipids, but there was no evidence that statine use was beneficial for the number or type of hirsuts. There were no major side-effects of statins.
We searched for studies of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. We found no new studies since the last review in 2012. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, radiotherapy techniques or radiotherapy. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy in women who have advanced cervical cancer, and therefore, the choice of treatment will be based on local resources. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Thus, this systematic review identified the need for a randomised controlled trial assessing the benefits and risks of pablative treatments in women diagnosed with advanced cervical cancers.
This review of trials found that, compared to radiotherapy, temozolomide is an effective treatment for GBM. It improves time to disease onset (TTP), prolongs the time to the disease onset, delays the disease and slows the disease from progression to death and has no effect on QoL. In the older, temozolomid alone or in addition to radiotherapies, is similar to raditherapy in terms of OS (time to death) and PFS (time until the tumour has spread) but with a higher instance (1.2 years) of adverse events. In recurrent glioblastoma, temozoolomides may have benefits on QOL without increasing adverse events but it does not improve overall. In patients with recurrent glomerular glioma, it appears comparable to radi therapy in terms OS and PFT but with more adverse events (1 year). In patients who have had a previous GBM, it is unclear whether it has an effect on quality of life.
We found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of contracting-in, a private contract for health care services in rural areas. One of these found that private contracts with non-profit groups (NGOs), which are non-government organizations (NGO), may improve health care use and may improve the number of people who use health care. The other found that training health care workers in the use of public health services (in- service workshop) may improve their performance. Both of these studies were from Latin America. The studies did not find that the training of health care staff was effective. There is low- to very- low- quality research that suggests that private contract-in may improve access to health care and that training of district health systems workers (in the form of training) may help to improve their health. There was no study that looked at the effects of other types of training. There are no studies that have examined the effects on the number and performance (or both) of health workers that are retained by health systems.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. There was no description of concealment of the randomization sequence in two studies. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two of the studies. There were no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of intensive care unit stay. Duration of mechanical support, length of stay in the intensive care department, and hospital stay were measured in the three studies. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. There is some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, heart deformity and tracheastomy, and duration of intensive-care unit stay, and the length of ICU stay. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We included 50 trials (19 randomised controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) in this review. The trials included a total of 12,877 people with low blood pressure and were of all age. The participants were of any age with and with heart disease. The studies lasted three to 12 weeks. The evidence is current to August 2015. The results of the trials showed that cerivastatin was about 250-fold more potent than fluvastatin, 20-fold stronger than atorvastin and 5.5-fold higher potent than rosuvastat in reducing LDL cholesterol, and 233-fold greater potency than fluvia, 18-fold less potent than atorivastarin and six-fold lower than rosusvastatan at reducing total cholesterol. The effect of cerivastsatin on total cholesterol, total cholesterol and triglycerides was linear over the commonly prescribed dose range. There was no evidence of a difference between the doses of cervastatis and placebo in terms of adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was high for the effects of ceravastatin on LDL cholesterol and total cholesterol because of the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants. The certainty of evidence for the effect of the drug on total and LDL cholesterol was high.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation did not reduce the risk of kidney injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery. It probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving remote iscaemic precontitioning. It is uncertain whether remote ischchaemic pre-operative preconditionsing by iliac cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote ischemic preconditional precondititioning in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in the acute phase of surgery in which the kidneys are damaged. The quality of the included studies was moderate to high. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of patients.
We included 12 trials with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in reducing fatigue, of which six trials (244 people) provided data that we could use to compare the effects of treatments. Five trials (five pharmacologic treatments: floxinine, eurekintine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs) and two non-pharmacological interventions (two non-drug interventions: a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme) provided results that we were able to combine. The fatigue severity was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups. The results of the trials were not consistent. Four trials (248 people) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing fatigue. None were able or willing to show that any of the interventions were effective in reducing PSF. The trials included in this review were small and of poor quality. Some of the treatments described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in larger studies with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We found three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 preterm infants. The trials were very small with only a total of 74 pre term infants enrolled. The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff. The studies were of uncertain quality. One study (Hu 1999) showed that the combination of insulin and glucose is preferred to rectal cation-rein (a drug that is used to treat high blood sugar) for hyperkalactic hyperkalaemic syndrome. The two treatments could be tested in the same trial. In the other two trials (Hu 1991, Malone 1999) the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage (blood clot in the brain) was reduced. The use (in one trial) of al butersol inhalation (injecting albuterol into the muscle) was compared to saline inhalation. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination insulin and sugar or albutersol or al buterol inhalate. The combination of the two treatments was found to be superior to the use of rectal resins (resin) for high blood glucose levels. The review found no evidence that the use (or combination) of insulin or glucose inhalation is superior to rectals containing cation resin. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions for non-oliguric hyperkaloemia (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested in randomised trials. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain design, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This review found that IVIg given within two weeks of onset of disease hastens the onset of recovery as much as PE. In children, IVIG probably hastens this process as much or more as PE, but PE is more likely to be given to people with milder disease. There is no evidence that IV is more effective than PE in people with more severe disease. IV is also more likely, although it is not more effective, to be more effective. There are no trials in people who have milder illness. More research is needed in milder people and in people whose disease starts more than two weeks from the start.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) in this review. In 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 patients were randomised (7.5%) to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high percentage of inspired air was not associated with death from any cause within the longest follow-up and within 30 days of follow- up. Similarly, when all trials were included, a higher fraction of inspiration was not linked to death from all causes within the most recent follow-ups. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. Similarly in trials with a high proportion of inspired blood oxygen, a similar effect was observed. A high fraction was not related to respiratory insufficiency, serious adverse events or length of stay. In subgroup analyses of nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, a large fraction of guided oxygen was associated with a decrease in surgical site infections. A similar effect of a high percent of inspired water was observed in the five trials adequately blinded for the outcome assessment. We did not observe an effect of high fraction inspired oxygen on surgical site infection in any other subgroup analysis. As the risk of adverse events, including mortality, may be increased by a fraction of 60% or higher, and as robust evidence is lacking for a beneficial effect of 60 percent or higher on surgical sites infection, our overall results suggest that evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of a fraction in a high amount of inspired breath during anaesthesia and surgery. Given the risk to bias in the included trials, the risk for bias in outcome reporting, as well as other weaknesses in the available evidence, further randomized clinical studies with low risk and long-term follow-UP are warranted.
We searched for evidence on 25 trials (3663 children). We found that oral antibiotics are associated with an increased chance of complete resolution of OME at various time points, but there is also low to low- quality (low-certainty) and moderate-certainness (low quality) research evidence that these children are more than twice (but not more) than those who do not take oral antibiotics. We found moderate- to low low-certainties (low to very low-confidence) research that suggests that children who take oral oral antibiotics have a higher chance of having Ome completely cleared at two to three months post-randomised (two to three month) and six- to 12-month follow-up. However, there is evidence that children treated with oral antibiotics also experience diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash. We did not find evidence that oral antibiotic use was associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion or in tympanic membrane sequelae. We also found evidence that the beneficial effect of oral antibiotics on acute otitis media episodes within four to eight weeks was no longer significant when we excluded studies with high risk of bias. The impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing is uncertain and low quality evidence did not show that oral oral antibiotic treatment was associated in any way with fewer ventilation tube insertions. Furthermore, we found no data on the impact of oral antibiotic treatments on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. None of the trials reported data on speech and language development or on quality of the child's quality of living. We concluded that there is moderate-quality evidence that antibiotics are beneficial for OME in children up to 16 years of age. However there is low- to very-certainly low-quality research evidence of both benefits and harms associated with the use of oral oral medications to treat children up-to-16 years with OME.
We found twelve studies that compared a low protein diet with a control diet. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure, but not statistically significant so. The level of protein in the diet varied from 0.7 to 1.1 g/kg/d. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health- related health-related quality-life and costs. We conclude that LPD diets may slow the rate of kidney failure but the level of compliance with the diet is unclear. We suggest that LDPs be used in a six-month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that people with moderate to severe brain injury who were already in rehabilitation were more likely to recover from their injury when they received formal treatment, and that commencing rehabilitation early after injury was supported by strong evidence. For people with mild brain injury, who were admitted to hospital with mild injury, those with moderate-to-severe brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate or severe brain injuries benefit from routine follow- up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Intensive rehabilitation appears to lead to earlier recovery, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness of intensive rehabilitation has yet to be determined. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment where they are compared to a group of individuals who are also facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychology rehabilitation following severe brain damage. Not all questions in rehabilitation can either be answered by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies conducted in the contexts of routine clinical practice.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) that compared rooming-in versus separate care. The trial compared roomed-in care with separate care and compared the number of infants that received exclusive breastfeeding on the day after birth (the first day after the baby is born) with the number that received any breastfeeding at six months of age. The study was conducted in the USA and involved women who were breastfeeding their babies at home. The women were followed up for between one and six months. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in versus separate treatment for mother-infant separation. The quality of the evidence was low. The main outcomes were duration of any breastfeeding, frequency of breastfeeds per day, and the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding. The difference between the two groups was not significant. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was higher in the rooming group (86% versus 45%) compared with the separate care group (17% versus 17%). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. We found no difference found between the groups in the proportion that received either full mother-in or partial mother-child separation. We concluded that there is no evidence that rooming is better than separate care for mother and baby separation. Further well-designed randomised trials are needed to investigate full mother and infant rooming and separate care including all important outcomes.
This review of trials found that sanchi may be beneficial and safe for acute ischemic stroke, but the small sample and poor quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion.
This review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to determine the best time to place an implant. There is a suggestion that implant placement is better when it is just after teeth have been extracted. There are no clear advantages or harms of the timing of the implant implant. The review found that the time to implant was shorter in the group of people who had their implant in place within 2 years and that the level of the perimplant mucus was more likely to be judged as more appropriate. There was no difference in the risk of implant failure or complications when the implant was put in just a few days after the teeth had been extracted and the time taken to complete the implant placement was longer in the immediate-delayed group. There were no differences in the number of patients who had complications when implants were placed in the socket immediately after extraction. There may be some advantages of the use of bone grafting for implants immediately placed in extraction sockets. There might be some disadvantages of the immediate implant placement. There seems to be no evidence to support or refute the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets or whether any of the augmentation techniques is superior to the others.
We found two trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 patients and found no difference in cognition (as measured on the ADS - Cognitive Area Scale - Cognition (Cog) at 36 weeks) and no difference on cognition at 24 and 36. The second trial, PBT 2, was more rigorous and found that this drug was well-tolerated and had a positive effect on memory and thinking. There was no difference for memory or thinking in the least square of the ADAS - cognition score at 12 weeks. One person in the PBT2 250 mg group had a mild visual ache and blurred sight at 12 week. The PBT1 250 mg arm had a similar effect on the Cog and the memory test, but the PB2 250mg group had better memory and thought. The planned phase III trial of PBT 1 has been abandoned and this drug has been withdrawn from development. The quality of the evidence was poor. We have some concerns about the quality of study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation (participants in the active treatment group had higher mean pre-morbid IQ) and the secondary analyses of results stratified by baseline dementia severity. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate cognitive efficacy.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all cause) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long-term as 12. Two trials specifically included children. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH patients. The evidence is current to September 2015. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 patients with pulmonary hypertension. There was an increased risk of adverse events with PDE- inhibitors, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and muscle pain. There were no clear benefits for the use of PDE inhibitors in PH-left-heart disease. There is some evidence that PDE inhibitor treatment may improve lung function in PH patients with chronic thromboembolic disease. However, the quality of the evidence was low due to imprecision of effect and heterogeneity across trials. There are no clear effects of PTE inhibitors on mortality. There appears to be some benefit for the treatment of PH- left-heart patients, but it is not clear based on the evidence available from trials. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this clinical setting, and clinicians should consider the side-effect profile for each individual when choosing which PDE drug to prescribe. Further consideration should be given to the long-lasting effects of these drugs.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared multiple injections of nerve stimulation with single injections of local anaesthesia for axillary plexus block. The results showed that multiple injections produced more effective anaesthesia than either single or double injections. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. The time for block performance was shorter for single injection and double injections, but there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections; however, there were no differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. The quality of the evidence was high for the reduction in primary anaesthesia failure and for the improvement in motor block. However the quality of evidence was low for other outcomes. The main limitations of the review were the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants.
We found three studies that compared beclomethasone with placebo or non-steroid asthma treatment in a group (inactive) children with mild-moderate or severe asthma. All three studies were of short-term use. The average age of the children was 12.5 years and the average duration of the studies was 7-12 months. The mean age of children in the studies ranged from 5.5 to 12.7 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, and Canada. The results of the review showed that beclometric steroids (a type of inhaled steroid) reduced growth in children with asthma by an average of 1.54 cm per year. The children in these studies were followed for a maximum of 54 weeks. The review did not find any evidence that the growth effect of beclomicin was sustained after stopping treatment. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. If inhaled corticosteroids are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's symptoms and closely following growth.
This review of three trials (139 patients) found that there was no significant difference in the clinical outcome of APD and CAPD. However, patients on APD had more time for work, social and leisure time. There was a small advantage for APD in the young PD population, those in the employment or education groups. There is a need for a large, well-conducted randomised trial to compare the benefits and costs of APd with CAPD, which should be of high quality. The review found that APD has not been shown to be more effective than CAPD in terms of important clinical outcome.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS) and time to disease onset (PFS) and SM. The superiority of RT was seen in both early and late stage (I-I) HD and in early stage (II-III) HD. The risk of SM was higher with CRT, but not in the early stage. The evidence was not strong for early stage HD. For advanced stages (III to IV) CRT better prevents disease from progressing/reoccurring, but CT alone seems to cause less SM. However, RT alone gives a higher risk of overall SM than CRT. This effect was seen mainly in early and advanced stage HD and was due to the need for more salvage treatment.
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT (RCT) that compared two different opioids. Opioids (oral, transderm, and intrathecals) were given by mouth, transderm, or both. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The evidence is current to January 2015. Many patients discontinued long-lasting opioid therapy due to side effects (side effects include nausea and headache, and pain) or insufficient pain relief. Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI) 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%]; intrathecal: 8.9%, [CI] 4.0%) to 26.1%. Many participants experienced side effects, but serious side effects were rare. Many minor side effects occurred, but these were rare and were not serious. The quality of life of patients who continued taking opioids long-time was not reported. The results of the review were inconclusive due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. The review found that all three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Findings regarding quality of lives and functional status were inconclusively due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermatic and intrathaginal administration studies.
We searched for evidence on the effectiveness of anabolic steroids for the treatment of pressure ulcers in adults. We found only one trial that met our inclusion criteria. This trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, orally) with a dose (2% to 4% magnesium stearate) of placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. The trial was stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in the opinion of the study authors showed that oxandolone had no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing. We are uncertain whether oxandolin increases or decreases the risk of serious adverse events as we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. There was very low-certainty evidence on complete ulcer and adverse event healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide 95% confidence interval (CI) of both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spinal cord injury patients). Thus, we are uncertain about the effect of oxandrinone on complete wound healing. There were no serious adverse effects reported in the oxandroleone group. There is no high quality evidence to support the use of anabolite for the management of pressure Ulcers. We assessed the quality of the included trial as very poor. The certainty of evidence was downgraded due to imprecise results and indirectness. The included trial was terminated early due to lack of evidence. We need more well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, to assess the effect on the effect and safety of anabdominal steroids on pressure ulcer management.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two trials to 'usual' care. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail. For both comparisons (email versus standard mail, email versus usual care and email versus care) there was a lack of evidence for patient or caregiver understanding and support. Results were inconclusive for patient and caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus 'usual care only', there was not significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of patient health status and well-being. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included trials were generally of poor quality. The results of this review are therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
This review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. Nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their treatment for vertigo. The addition of postural postural restriction to Epley-based treatment did not result in a difference in the results for vertico-bendigo intensity, but did show a small benefit in the number of people who had a positive D-Harm scale test result. There was no evidence of a difference for the number who had vertigo when the D-harm scale was used as an outcome. There were no major side-effects of the EpleY treatment. There is not enough evidence to support the use of mastoid oscillation (a method of oscillating the E-brachoid bone) to add to E-tracheal postural control, or to add extra steps in an 'augmented', Epleys manoeuvre. There are no serious side-effect reports, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. There has not been enough evidence on the use or potential side- effects of mastoids oscillating during the Eley manoeuvre, or of additional steps in the Eoney manoeuvres.
We found four studies that compared different types of surgery versus various types and dosage of steroids. The studies included a total of 231 adults. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there were no differences between the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies. There were no important differences between groups in either the patient-reported symptom scores or the health-related quality of life scores. There was no difference between groups for any objective measurements or olfactory tests. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The overall evidence is of very low quality. The main limitations of the studies were poor reporting of study methods, and the small number of participants in each study.
We included eight trials (709 participants) in this review. Seven trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe and Latin America, where zinc deficiency is a public health problem. Four of these trials (469 participants) compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four trials (411 participants) tested the effect on zinc-Fortified staple food in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc (comportison 2). The interventions lasted between one and nine months. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in Asia, Europe, and Latin American countries. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that foods fortified with zinc increased the serum or plasma zinc levels compared to foods without added zinc. However, the studies did not report on the effects of zinc fortification on the risk of underweight or stunting. The addition of zinc to wheat flour did not reduce the proportion of people with zinc deficiency. We did not find a difference in serum or blood zinc levels in participants consuming foods fortified plus other nutrients when compared with participants consuming the same food with micronutrients but no added zinc (4 studies; 250 participants). No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight and stunting (2 studies; 397 participants). There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included trials were small and had some limitations in their design. We rated the quality of evidence as low or low for most outcomes. We judged the quality to be low for the outcomes of zinc deficiency, underweight, undergrowth, and stunted.
We searched for evidence on 11 randomised controlled trials (3060 participants) that compared the effects of non-steroid drugs (such as antiandrogens) on cancer-specific and cancer-reaction-related survival, treatment-failure, and side-effects. We found 11 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to combine the data from six of the 11 studies, which were of high quality, and we found that men with metastatic disease who were treated with non-strictly non-sertraline drugs were less than twice as likely to die from their disease. We did not find any evidence that the use of nonstrictless, non-tricyclic drugs (like antiandrogens) was more effective than castration (a surgical treatment in which the cancer is surg surg surgice). We found that the risk of side- effects, such as breast pain, gynasties, gymnasties (a condition in which a man's breasts are exposed to the woman's breasts), gynaeecomasties and asthemaemia (a lack of blood flow to the legs), was higher when men were treated using non-strangely nonstricys. We are not sure if the use or lack of use of these drugs is an issue for men with nonmetastatic disease. The quality of the evidence was rated as high for the main outcome, but the quality of this review was hampered by risk-bias (risk of bias).
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) that compared the effects of breast cancer and all-cause death in women who were randomly selected for or out-of-date breast cancer screening. We found eight trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were carried- out in the 1980s and involved 600,000 women in the analyses. The evidence is current to January 2015. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction. The overall quality of the evidence was low. The trial with adequate risk of bias found that breast cancer deaths was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The four trials with inadequate risk of biased results showed a statistically important reduction in total cancer mortality. The seven trials with sufficient risk of suboptimum randomisation found a statistically large reduction in the total cancer deaths. The RR for all seven trials combined was 0.81 (95% CI 0.74 to 0.87). The trials with insufficient risk of random error found no effect of screening on total cancer or on all- cause mortality. We also found that the number of women who had cancer was larger in the screened groups. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy. The number of breast cancers was larger and the use for cancer treatment was higher in the women who received screening. The quality of evidence was very low. Because of substantial advances in treatment and greater breast cancer awareness since the trials were conducted, it is likely that the absolute effect of the screening today is smaller than in the trials. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer death by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 unit of hCSG compared to 10,, and one study investigated 10 and 20, and 20 and 10, and 10 and 10. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found no conclusive evidence that hCG priming had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCSg priming may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, but the findings were limited by the small number of data included. No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of hCP priming, and the optimal dose and timing. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision.
This review of 24 trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older post-menopause postmenopopausal post-eclampsia. There is good-evidence that both types of hormone treatment do not help to prevent this. It is not known if there are any specific subgroups of post-manopausal post menopause subgroups who may be most at risk. There was some good- evidence that ERT or HRT may not be helpful in preventing dementia, but there was no clear evidence that it was helpful in other domains. There were no data on the effects of HRT or ERT on cognitive function.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies compared the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg) with LAMM (18 mcg tiotropium; tiotroropium). We found no difference in the number of deaths, COPD flare-ups, or the need for a short-burst oral corticostimol (a drug that is given in a short burst) or antibiotics, or both. We found that we are not able to draw any firm conclusions on the effect of inhaling ICS or LAMm on lung function, symptoms, or side-effects. We are also uncertain whether once-daily flutein/lama inhalers, once-a-day, have a different effect on lung health. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low or very low, and we are uncertain whether one inhaler, fluteine/lamam, combined with tiotrotramine, has a different side-side effect profile to LAM. We need more studies of long-term length to answer these and to provide more evidence.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials that compared the efficacy of antidepressants (two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapies), as well as of CBT, in patients with BDD. The results of these studies suggest that antidepressants (fluoxetine, clomipramine, desiprine, and clomid) may be effective in the treatment of BDD, but the findings of these small studies need to be confirmed in larger, longer-term studies. In addition, future studies, such as those in other samples, such a child, and in other drug regimens, are needed.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials that compared cetrimoxazole desensitizing with cotrifenacin (a drug that blocks the action of cotrimoxazine) for the treatment of HIV-infected patients with a previous hypersensitivity to cotrhoxazoles. The three trials were of short-term use, with a total of 268 adults. The trials found that cotracerosine desensitant (using a desensitiized protocol) resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV- infected patients with mild or moderate hypersensitivity. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Further randomised trials are urgently needed.
We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The duration of the studies was between five days and 28 days. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to February 2015. We found no new trials for this update. The three trials enrolled 148 newborn infants. The babies were monitored for between one and 28 weeks. The drugs were given by intravenous infusion (midazolam) or by injection (placebo). The babies received midazolams or placebo (placebos) for at least one week. The infants were monitored during the study period. The results of the trials showed that the babies receiving midazolinam had a longer stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and were more likely to have a higher incidence of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) compared with the placebo group. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of babies and the small numbers of babies studied. The included trials did not provide sufficient evidence to support the use of midazolanam as a sedative for newborn babies.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. The evidence was current to August 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The duration of the trials ranged from one to 12 weeks. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. There were no differences between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for the presence of diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment. No difference was detected for the occurrence of diarrhoeala at five to seven days after the start of treatment, clinical failure, or duration of illness. The average difference for diarrhoeas was 0 days, fever was 0.27 days, and duration of hospitalisation was 0 day. The number of negative stool cultures for NTS was higher in the antibiotic group. Antibiotics given to people with NTS resulted in a higher number of adverse events. The most common adverse events were mild to moderate side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in the review. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, type of infection, main diagnosis, setting, country, positive threshold, and sepsis criteria. The included participants were heterogenous, and the studies were of poor quality. We found 23 studies that were of high quality. The results of the review suggest that the accuracy (i) of the tests for the detection of sepsi in adults with sepsitis is variable, and (ii) the sensitivity (i), of the test for the diagnosis of septicaemia is variable. The study results suggest that if we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of septic shock with an interleukin-6 test, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have sepsism. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed of sepis. The review concludes that the current evidence is of limited quality. Further studies about the accuracy of interleukain-six for the identification of seppis in adults that apply rigorous methodology for conducting diagnostic test accuracy studies are needed. The conclusions of the study will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants). Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure) and 25 trials compared different wound dressing types. The trials included people with wounds that had been treated for infection. The evidence is up-to date to September 2015. We found that covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention with wound dressers reduces the risk of SSI, but we are uncertain whether covering surgical wound wounds healing in this way reduces the number of people developing SSI. We are also uncertain whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk or complications of SSIs, improving scarring, reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. Most studies in this review were small and at a high or unclear risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSSI events and were often not clearly reported. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and acceptability of dressing, and on the ease of removal. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference.
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared supplements or placebo (diet pills) with other dietary supplements for women at risk of postpartum postpartuental distress. One trial randomised 179 women but the results of this trial were not provided for 85. E80-three women were randomised to each arm. Sustained use (seenium) was compared with a dummy pill (placebo). The other study randomised 126 women at high-risk of post-partum depression (disease) to three arms: 42 were given seenium, 42 were assigned seenum, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo arm) were included in the analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. The study found selenium had an effect on postnatal depression scores but did not reach statistical significance. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid with placebo. No difference was found in the effect on the postnatal depressive symptoms of postnatal postnatal distress. No benefit or significant effect was found for EPA-rich fish oil or DHA-rich protein supplements in preventing postpartup depression. No evidence was found on the presence of major depressive disorder at six to eight weeks postpartunum, the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of newborn babies to the neonatal intensive care unit. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postpostnatal depression.
We searched for studies that compared different durations of anthracylines (i) for the same dose (six hours) or (i)) or (j) for a longer duration (more) in people with leukopeni or solid tumours. We found 11 studies, with 7 studies (803 people) that compared a single dose (6.5 mg/m2) of anthracycline with a different dose (12.5mg/m²) of a different peak dose (5280 people). We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of heart failure, and it seems to reduce the risk for subclinical heart damage. We did not find any difference in the occurrence of heart attack or death in people treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/M2 or 60 mg or more. We identified no evidence that different peak doses of anthraketamine are harmful. We could not find evidence that a single peak dose is harmful. There is a need for more high-quality research in this area.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Most studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most of the studies were conducted in hospital and included participants who had suffered TBI and were admitted to the hospital for a head and neck fracture. The studies were of good quality, but there were some problems with the way they were conducted. We found no high- or low- quality studies that compared hypothermic treatment with no hypothermologic treatment. We judged the quality of the evidence for the outcome of death, and we downgraded the quality for the other outcome, the outcome for the number of deaths, to be low. We did not find any high- and low- or very-low- or unclear-effective studies that assessed the effect of hypothermia on death, the number or duration of time spent in a coma, or the number and length of time that people were in a vegetative state. We rated the quality as low for the two other outcome measures, death, or pneumonia. We were not able, because of the poor reporting, to assess risk-of-bereftness.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to draw any firm conclusions on the overall efficacy of the family treatment of people with depression. There is a need for more high- quality research to examine the benefits and harms of family therapy for people with depressive symptoms.
This review identified three trials involving a total of 206 participants. All patients with vascular dementia were randomised to receive Duxil. The trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The results of this review did not provide enough evidence to support the use DuxIL for the treatment of patients with dementia. High- quality and large, large-scale randomised trials are needed.
This review of trials found that drains can reduce the risk for developing a serum (a type of lymph node) and the risk of post-operative serum aspirations. There was no difference in the risk that a drain would lead to a lymphoedma (a swelling in the lymph nodes) or a haematoma (a blood clot) in the drain group. There were no significant benefits in terms of the number of postoperative haeematomies (searches) or the length of time spent in the hospital.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient and conflicting evidence to support the use of flavonoids in the treatment of colorectal neoplasms. There was no clear evidence that the use or absence of flavons in the diet of people with coloreCTs reduces the risk of colorctal cancer. There is also conflicting and imprecise evidence that flavonoid intake may be beneficial in the prevention of colorescous colorection. There were no clear results for the use, or lack of, of flavones, for the treatment or absence, of colors.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that did not) use the second. The duration of treatment ranged from 48 weeks to 72 weeks. The length of treatment was variable between the trials. We found that extending the treatment period to 72 week increased the number of patients who had a sustained virology (the number of people who had the virus cleared) and the number who had no new symptoms. The end-of-life outcomes were not different. The risk of relapses (the time that the virus is still in the blood) was lower in the groups that had been on the drug for 72 weeks, but the length of the drug was not different in the group that had not been on it. The number of adverse events (side effects) was not clearly different in both the group on the drugs and the group not on drugs. The quality of the trials was low. The included trials were at high risk of bias. The evidence is up- to- date as of August 2014.
We found two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the accuracy of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer found to be resected. Both studies were conducted in the USA and included people with a diagnosis of pancreatic cancers that were found to have resectable disease on CT scan. The studies were of low risk of bias. The results of the studies were inconclusive. The average probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectal cancer after CT scans had unresectal disease on laparotomy). The summary estimate of sensitivity of EUs for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97) and the summary estimate for specificity for unrectability was 1.80 (95 CI 0.40 to 096). The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 (95. CI 1.0 to 18.6) and 0.2 (95CI 0.0.0) respectively. At the mean pre-test probability of 60.0%, the post-test percentage of unrectable cancer for people with positive EUS (EUS indicating unresectation) was 86.9% (95-CI 60.9%. The post- test probability of the same for people who had a negative EUS was 20.0% (5.1% to 53.7%). This means that 13% of people (95%) with positive results have potentially resectably cancer and 20% (4% to 5%) of people with negative results have unresectably cancer. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of EU in people who have pancreatic or periampullary cancer found resectated on CT scans. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in people.
We searched for studies that compared any of the treatments for chronic blepharitis with each other, with eachother, or with no treatment. We found 34 studies (2169 people) that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The review authors identified 34 studies that included a total of 20 studies (14 studies with 1661 participants with blepharyngitis and 14 studies with 508 participants with posterior blephareitis). The studies varied in terms of the types of treatments, treatments, and the condition of participants. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blephARitis. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic pain relief for anterior and posterior bleharyngiitis. The effectiveness of other treatments for blephharitis, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. Despite identifying 34 studies related to treatments for treating blephritis, there is no strong evidence for any of these treatments in terms in curing chronic bleharritis. Medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures, such a warm compresses and eyelid washing, to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly.
We found one study with a total of 23 participants. The study was at high risk of bias and the quality of the evidence was low. The results of the study were not consistent and there was no significant difference in the number of patients who had a successful procedure. Adverse effects were poorly reported. One child with a severe RRP had an airway swelling that needed intubation. There is not yet enough high- quality evidence to decide if photodynamic therapy is of any use in patients with RPR. More high-- quality trials are needed.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and used a wide range (e.g. in the USA, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, and the UK). The studies included a variety (e,g. women, men, and children) of different ages and different types of endoleaks. The majority of the studies were of good quality. We found that CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity (i.e. sensitivity before and after the use of contrast). The quality of the evidence was generally moderate to high. The quality was downgraded because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. The results of the review showed that CDus was superior in terms (i) sensitivity before the use and after use of the contrast and (ii) specificity (i). The results also showed that the studies that used contrast were superior to studies that did not use contrast. The evidence was downgrading because of differences in the study design, quality, and age. The review also showed no evidence of differences between the studies in terms or the way the studies compared the two ultrasound modalities. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to poor.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants, which reported on low back pain in the labour. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were of good methodological quality, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported pain relief for women with low back or other labour pain. The pain relief was measured using pain scales, but the studies did not show a normal distribution of pain relief. One study reported the number self-scoring 4/10 cm or more reduction in pain; significantly more had this outcome with sterile water (50% to 60%) than with placebo (20% to 25%). There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. Two studies reported that more women treated with sterileWater would request the same analgesia in future. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with sterile Water. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back and any other labour pains. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain in labour.
We searched for studies that compared glue versus suture for mesh fixation in people with Lichtstein herniated hernia. We found 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, and the UK. The results showed that glue may reduce chronic pain after mesh fixation compared with suture. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the glue group compared with the suture group. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. The length of time taken for the repair to complete was similar in the two treatment groups. We also looked at adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were poor reporting of study methods and imprecision of results. The included studies were small and had some limitations in their design. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high risk of biased. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of this review is moderate to high. Based on the short-term results, glue may be a sensible alternative to sutures for mesh repair in Lichtenstein hernia repair. Larger trials with longer follow-up and high quality are warranted. The difference between synthetic glue and biological glue should also be assessed in the future.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of the effects of the'package' (i) of technical edits. Only three of the studies were randomised trials. A package of largely unspecified methods of technical editing was found to be beneficial in two of the 32 studies. A 'package of' methods was found in two studies to be helpful in the form of improved readable abstracts and improved the quality of the reporting of the abstracts. However, the other two were not as effective. More intense methods of the same type of technical edit, such as giving authors instructions to their authors, were found to have some positive effects. Providing more specific instructions to the authors, such a 'plan' of'structuring', was found by one of the 66 studies to have an effect. The review found that more intense methods, such an 'plan', may be beneficial.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain, cancerous or non-cancerous, in this review. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on young people. The studies were of adequate quality, but all but three were small, of short length, and most had shortcomings in their methods. The included studies were judged as being at a high- risk of bias, which means that their results could be biased. Most of the studies were carried- out in the USA, and so the results may not apply to other countries. Most studies used codeine at doses of 30 mg to 120 mg. Twelve studies used the drug codeine as a single agent and three combined it with paracetamol. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Most trials used a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. Most people in the studies had cancer pain due to different types of cancer. There were no data for children. The available evidence indicates that codeine is more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and constipation. Uncertainty remains as to the magnitude and time-course of the analgesic effect and the safety and tolerability in longer-term use.
We included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one non-randomized trial) of 563 people, with HbSS, HbSC, HBSC or HbSβTH, who were six to 35 years old. The majority of people in the trials were black. The interventions lasted from one hour to weekly for eight weeks. The duration of the interventions ranged from six weeks to 12 months. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Brazil, South Africa, India, Thailand, Thailand and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main outcomes were patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in a sensitivity analysis. Caregiver knowledge also showed an improvement, but this improvement was not sustained. There were no differences between the interventions in terms of patient knowledge and caregiver knowledge. There is no evidence that education programs improved the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related illness. No studies reported on the effectiveness of education programs on the recognition and use of health services. No differences were seen between the intervention groups for the utilization of health care services. There are no studies on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression, which suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. This review identified important positive effects of educational interventions on improving patient knowledge about sickle cells and depression and on improving caregiver and patient knowledge. The effect on knowledge was significant but small and whether it offers any clinical benefit is uncertain. Significant factors limiting these effects could be trials being under powered as well as attrition rates. Effects were not statistically significant in assessments of secondary outcomes, possibly
We included six studies with 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and non-f focal onset seizures, and the other 5 trials only included people with focal start of seizures. All studies were of short length. The evidence is up- to- date as of August 2018. We found that people taking brivaracetam with codeine were more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than people taking placebo. They were also more likely than people on placebo to achieve seizure freedom. However, people taking the drug brivar acetam were more than twice as likely to withdraw from treatment because of side effects compared with people taking a placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of seizure frequency, seizure freedom, and side effects. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome of side effect rates. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of participants and the short duration of the studies. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias and four to have unclear risk of biases. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes prespecified in the trial protocol. One of the trials did not describe how blinding was maintained, and another noted discrepancies in reporting. None of the eligible studies included participants who had generalised epilepsy. None included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were short duration. The results of this review are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries. Many of these studies explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of knowledge about vaccination led to worry and regret about their decision to vaccine. Some parents wanted to be given more balanced and fair information, and they wanted more vaccines to be provided at a wider range of places, in good time and in good health. They also wanted more vaccination information to be presented in a more neutral way, and to be tailored to their needs. They viewed the health workers as an important source of knowledge, and had specific expectations of their interactions. Poor information and poor relationships with health workers can affect parents' decisions to vaccinate. Some of the studies found it difficult to know which information source to trust, and it was challenging to find the best way to give parents the best possible vaccine advice. The amount of information that people in these studies wanted and the source of that knowledge seemed to be linked to more people being able to vaccify, with more people who were more willing to vaccise for their child. We have high or low or mixed confidence in the results. We found that most of the trials were of good quality, and most of them looked at some of the key aspects of how parents were given the vaccine advice, such as the timing of the information, the settings in which the vaccine was given, and the way in which it was given. None of the included studies looked at parents' views of the health care workers and the ways in which they were given or given the information. We are not sure if the studies were of high or very low quality.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were no overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies or TAU. Two trials found a non specific specialist therapy (Specialist Supportive Clinical Management) or an Optimised TAU delivered by therapists with eating disorder expertise was similar in outcomes to cognitive behaviour therapy. When comparing individual psychological therapy with each other, no specific treatment was consistently superior to any other specific approach. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. There was a suggestion in one study that focal psychodynamics might be superior to TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Owing to the risk of bias and limitations of studies, notably small sample
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled studies. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial compared 151 adults to receive either a mixture of perfluoropropane (F 6.H.8) and silicone oil (or both) versus standard oil (1000 centistoke or 5000 centistokes) and the second trial compared 271 adults to either a mix (perfluoroplane (P 3.F. 8) and perfluropropane (C3F8) gas) and a mixture with either a silicone (F 5.5) oil (F 7.8), or a mixture (F 8.8 and F 6.8). The third trial was conducted at a multi-centre in the United States and randomized 94 adults to heavy silicone oil or standard oil. The first trial did not report on the number of participants who died, had a retinal detachment, developed glaucoma, developed cataract, or had capsular fibrosis. The second trial did report on adverse events, but the total number of adverse events was not reported. The third study did not provide information on adverse effects. The use of either perflurpropane gas or silicone oil appears reasonable for most patients with RD associated with PVR. Because there do not appear to be any major differences in outcomes between the two agents, the choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. There were no significant differences between silicone oil and perfluorohexyloctane gas in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. There was no significant difference between silicone and perffluoropride gas in the change in visual acity at one year, but there were no differences between the groups in terms on macular detachment, glaucaemia, and cataracts. There is no evidence
We included five studies (involving 1819 women). The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the Netherlands. The evidence was current to February 2017. The review found that planned early delivery is associated with less composite maternal morbidity and mortality. There was no clear difference in the composite outcome of infant mortality and severe morbidity. There were no clear differences between groups for caesarean section, duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby or for the baby. There is no clear evidence that planned delivery is better than planned delivery for the outcomes of maternal morbidities and mortality, caesarian section, caearean sections, duration and length of hospital stays for the woman and her baby. The quality of the evidence was graded as high for the outcome of composite maternal mortality and morbidity, moderate for caeasarean births, duration after delivery for mother and duration of stay in hospital after delivery, and low for the other outcomes. The main limitations of the studies were that the studies did not use blinding of women and staff to the group being compared, which could have affected aspects of care and decision-making. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the overall outcomes of composite infant mortality, duration, caedarean birth, caestation, cacessation and length and hospital stay after delivery. The included studies were of good quality.
This review of six randomised controlled trials (including 142 participants) found that prophylactic clot-busting drugs can prevent joint bleeds and other bleeding in children with hemophilitis. There is insufficient evidence from randomised trials to confirm the observational evidence that proprophylaxis decreases bleeding and related complications in patients with existing joint damage. There are no data on the best prophyleactic regimen and more research is needed to establish the best treatment for preventing bleeding in adult patients.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to differences in the way the trials were carried out. We found that the trials used a different treatment plan for each of the treatments. Eight studies aimed to induce relapse, five studies to maintain relapse and one to treat relapse. The trials were small, had poor study design, and were prone to bias. We could not combine the results of the trials due to the different ways the trials assessed the treatments, and we were not able to draw any firm conclusions. We did find that less active treatment was more likely to prolong the life of patients. The studies did not show that less aggressive treatment was better than more active treatment. We also found that there were no major side-effects. We concluded that there is not much research on the best way to treat people with early-stage bile ductal carcinoid.
The review authors identified two studies involving 447 RhD positive women. The studies compared the use of either an intramuscular (IM) or an IV (IV) dose (14/16 and 432) of anti-D drugs. The women were given a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. The number of women in the studies was too small to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of either treatment. The mean anti-IgG concentrations after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days, but from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in the two studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. It appears that IM and IV administration of antiD are equally effective. The choice of the route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences.
We identified eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or a dummy pill (dilute). Five studies compared clopidogrel with either a single dose of the drug as well as a combined dose of clopids (aspirin, dipyridamole, or clopidine/dipiridamol), or clopsidogs with a single dosage (clopidogs) of the same drug (asirin). The studies were of low risk of bias. The mean follow- up of the trials was from 365 days to 9.13 days. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticlosopidine to placebo and did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences for all-causing deaths, vascular deaths or myocardia infarct. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes participants). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194 (11.2%) versus 356/3146 (11%). The results of the pooled analysis of two studies showed that ADP receptor antagonists were no better than aspirin or other antiplatelet drugs for preventing stroke. There were no data available from any of the included trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for patients with type 2 diabetes, or costs. The available evidence for ADP-receptor antagonists in patients with diabetic mellitus is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients separately. Therefore, recommendations for the use of ADP receptors for the prevention of CVD in patients are based on available evidence from trials including patients with and without diabetes. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, and one a three-month treatment. Six trials (151 participants) compared non-invasive support with an 'active cycle of breathing' (where air is pumped through the nose) or 'active breathing', which is a chest physiotherapist treatment. Three of the trials (27 people) compared the use of non-inspective support (where the airway is blocked) with the use (in addition) of nasal masks (two trials), and one (13 people), which used a 'full-face mask (one trial). Three of these trials (in total 27 people) reported on the effects of non invasive supportive support. One of the three trials (13 adults) reported that one person withdrew from the trial due to pain. One trial (13 adult) compared a non-intact breathing machine (the'revolving RevMental Man' or RevMan) with oxygen and found no clear differences between the two types of machine. One study (involving 13 adults) compared an exercise machine with an exercise mask (the RevMan). The study found no difference between the non- inactive breathing machine and the oxygen machine for exercise capacity. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that non-intervention ventilation may be an effective treatment for people with cystic fibrosis who have difficulty expectorating sputum. We were unable to find any evidence that non inactives increase sputus expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. We did find that non invasive ventilation may improve gas exchange during sleep to a greater extent than oxygen therapy alone in people with moderate to severe disease. The effect of NIV on exercise is unclear. The impact of this therapy on pulmonary exacerbations and disease progression remains unclear. These benefits of non invasive support have largely been
We searched for studies that compared NIPPV with nocturnal-NIPPV in people with COPD. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. The seven studies involved 245 people. The mean age of the participants was between 65 and 74 years. The average age of participants was around 70 years. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of NIPPVs on lung function, exercise tolerance, quality of life, lung function or sleep efficiency. The evidence is current to January 2015. The results of the seven studies did not show that NIPPVS had any effect on lung functions, exercise capacity, quality-of-life, lung strength or sleep. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The included studies were small and the results were inconclusive.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia and Canada. The evidence is current to September 2014. Induction of labour for suspected macrosomia did not reduce the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of labour on the risk for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was also no clear difference between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia (low blood oxygen levels in the lungs), low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven), low arterial cord blood pH (low-quality of evidence), or low birthweight babies. Birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was considerable variation between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the group receiving induction. The unexpected observation in the intervention group of increased perineeal damage, and the plausible, but of uncertain significance, observation of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. Inducing labour for babies with suspected macrosomal growth has not been shown to alter the risk or incidence of brachia plexis injury, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. Also, antenatal estimates of fetal weight are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed. Nevertheless, induction of birthweight results in a lower mean birthweight, and fewer birth fractures and shoulder dystocia. Inductions of labour before the first trimester are likely to be popular with many women. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal growth, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses suspected of being
We searched for randomised clinical trials (clinical trials where participants are randomly assigned to one of several groups) that compared the effects of taking either a single dose of either a vitamin D3, a vitamin C-like drug, or a combination of vitamin D and calcium (calcium and calcium) or a placebo (a substance that contains no vitamin D) with no treatment. We found 56 randomised trials with 95,286 people. The age of people in the trials was 18 to 107. Most trials were carried out in high-cost, high-end countries. The mean age of the people in these trials was 77%. Most of the trials were of good quality. The trials were randomised, which means that the people who are in the trial are not at risk. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2015. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. The average age of participants ranged from 18 to 75 years. Forty-eight of the 56 trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The remaining eight trials randomly allocated 795 participants with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. Vitamin C-based vitamin D supplements were given to people with a range of ages, from 18 years to 70 years. Vitamin calcium was given to participants at least once a day for at least six months. The risk of death was decreased in all 56 trials analysed together. Vitamin 3 was associated with a reduction in the risk of dying from any cause. Vitamin 2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. Vitamin 1 may increase the risk for people with vitamin D deficiency. The overall risk of vitamin C deficiency was increased in 19 trials. Vitamin 4, calcium and vitamin D supplementation increased the risk that people with high blood calcium levels
This review of trials found that fluoxetine, orlistat, orboth, and sibutramine, a drug that is used to treat diabetes, can help people with type 2 disease lose weight. The drugs can be taken for 12 to 57 weeks. The studies showed that the drugs can help to reduce weight, but the effects on health are unclear. There is a lack of data on the effects of these drugs on weight. There are also no studies on other drugs for weight loss.
We searched for studies that compared VGB with CBZ in people with epilepsy. We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. The duration of treatment ranged from one to six months. The review authors found that VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness than CBZ. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. However, results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. No significant differences were observed between VGB and CBZ for time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did not show a difference in time to seizure onset. The authors concluded that VGT should not be considered a first-line treatment for epilepsy and should not cause any harm. However it should be noted that VTB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared plerixafor to placebo or no treatment in people with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these trials were completed but did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple or non Hodgkin lymph cancer. In both studies the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerizafor and the control group received a G-Cochrane G-Cell Activator plus placebo. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found no evidence for differences between plerxafor plus G-CCA and placebo group in terms of survival at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection. The results of the analysed data suggest that additional pleraxafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether additional plezafor affects survival or adverse events. None of the trials reported on quality of life and progression-free survival. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcome successful stem cell collect and high for successful stem Cell Collection. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of pleroxafor, were published several times. Two more RCTs examining the addition of pleazafor to a GCSF mobilisation regimen terminated early without publishing any outcome. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCT results, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making it difficult to combine the results. Some trials reported high drop-out rates. Cones were better than no active treatment, but there was not enough evidence to show that they were better or worse than PFMT. There was little evidence of a difference for a cure for a woman's subjective cure for PFMT, or for a'real' cure for the woman's experience, or a 'fake cure', or for the treatment with an electrostimulation. There were no trials that looked at the cost. Seven of these trials used a measure of a woman’s quality-of-life, and no study looked at costs. Concretions are better than PFM alone, but not better than either cones alone or PFMT alone. Concealed vaginal cones are better and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT and electrostimulation. Concessions could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them acceptable. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of interventions to help AF patients to control their blood clots. We found eleven studies that included a total of 2246 AF patients. Studies included education, self-watchful self-monitoring, and use of a decision-assist. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects on TTR. We were able to combine the results of 2 studies, which were of low- and high-risk, to provide a very low- or very low risk of T TR. We could not draw any conclusions about the impact on T TR in AF. We also found no studies that examined the effects that interventions to improve T TR had. We are uncertain about the effects, and we are not able to draw any firm conclusions, about the effect of these types of treatments. We need more research to examine the effects and safety of these treatments.
This review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of having a vaginal birth in 24 hours, but the effect on the number of caesarean sections is unclear. PGE2 tablets, gels, pessaries (and a sustained-use version) and PGF2a (a drug that is used in the treatment of pre-eclampsia) are as good as each other, but small differences are seen, but these may be due to chance.
This review of five trials, involving 247 infants, found that cot-nursing using a hot bed in a hot room has no important clinical benefits over the use of a cold bed. In the cot, there was no difference in mean body temperature (four trials) and no difference was found in weight. In one trial, cot nursing with a heated water- filled bed led to a smaller weight gain in the newborn group. In this trial, there were no differences in the rate of death, breast feed or need for hospital discharge. In a comparison of cot and cold bed use, cots were used for a heated bed in five trials with 231 infants. In these trials, caps were used to warm the bed. The cot was not warmer than the cold room. In infants born in the cold, cepacidology (the time when the body is at a high risk of becoming hot) was not better than in the hot, heated room. The review found that there is not much evidence to support cot use in hot, hot, cold, and cold, or cold, rooms.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. The evidence was current to May 2015. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold-chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques (low to very low-quality data). Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review; however we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three trials, involving 244 women. The trials compared prostaglandins with placebo (a pretend drug) and found that the prostaglandsin PG E2 (sulprostone) and PG E 1 (misoprostol), which are drugs that block the uterus's contractions, were no more or less safe than the fake drug. The prostaglanins did, on the other hand, reduce the need for the manual removal of placings (the removal of the placenta) and the time from the placental placements (the time from injection to placental removal) and blood loss. The use of prostagandins did not result in a reduction in the need to give a blood transfusion, the need of haemorrhage (bleeding) or the need in the post-birth period. The side-effects of the drugs were no less or less common in the prostags. The most common side-side effects were nausea, shivered, vomiting, headache, pain, and vomiting. We did not find any data on the need or the lack of need for a uterotonic. We could not make any conclusions on the safety of prostags in the treatment of women with a stillborn placardum. We rated the quality of the studies as low or very low. We judged the quality to be low for the main outcome, the time to the plascence (removal) and for the side- effects. We were not able, for the most of the other outcomes, to be high. We are not able to make any firm conclusions on how well prostaglins work for the treatment and safety. We need more high- quality research in this field.
We included six studies involving 355 infants. The studies were done in the 1970s and included a total of 355 infants, of whom 355 were born before term. The duration of the studies ranged from 28 days to 14 years. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or CNP reduced the risk of treatment failure and death in preterm infants with respiratory distress. We also found that CDP reduced the number of infants who died or were dependent on assisted ventilation. We did not find any difference in the number who needed assisted ventilation at 28 days or at 14 years of age. We were unable to determine whether CDP is beneficial or harmful for babies with birth weight above 1500 g. We identified no new studies for this update. We are uncertain whether CCP is beneficial for preterm babies with respiratory problems. We do know that CCP as CPap or CCPAP is associated with an increased risk of pneumothorax (pneumothoracic obstruction). We found no difference in bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as oxygen dependency at 28 and 14 days of age, as well as no difference at nine to 14 year. We cannot be certain that CPP is beneficial in pre term babies with breathing problems. The results of this review are based on only six studies. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. Two studies compared foam dressings with basic wound contact dressings and found that foam dressers do not help to heal foot ulcers more quickly than other dressings. There was no research data to suggest that foam wound dressings are more helpful in the healing of foot ulcures than other type of dressings, but all studies in this field are small.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included 111 patients. The trials compared surgical treatment with endoscopically-guided endoscopy. The two trials were small, with a total of 111 patients, and the number of patients was too small to allow us to detect a difference in the risk of death. One of the two trials, with 32 patients, showed that surgical treatment was better in terms of pain relief, and that it preserved the function of the pancreas. The trial also showed that it was more likely that the surgical treatment would be better than endoscopic treatment. The other trial, with 15 patients, also showed a better outcome for the surgical group. The number of people in the trial was too few to allow for us to determine if the two types of treatment were better or worse. We found that surgical surgery is better than the endoscopes in terms pain relief and pancreatic function. The small trials included in this review do, however, do, not provide enough power to show that there are small benefits of one treatment or the other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared early versus late (delayed) post-operative shower or bath use. We identified one trial, which was at a high- risk of bias. This trial included 857 patients having skin excision surgery. The trial was at an high-risk of bias, as the trial was not well conducted. The only outcome of the trial that we found was wound infection. The results of this trial did not show a difference in the number of people who had a wound infection after early or late post-operative bathing. The proportion of people with a wound infected with infection was 8.5%, which was the same as in the delayed group. There is no conclusive evidence from this trial on the benefits or harms of the two types (late or late) of post-op shower or bathe. We suggest that there is a need to run further randomised trials to compare the early or the late (post-operatively) use (of both) of these two types.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared oral prednisone with no treatment. The trial had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to August 2015. The study did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. The RCT did not report side effects in detail, but one prednisoner-treated participant died. The quality of evidence was very low. The only trial that reported side effects was a trial comparing daily standard-dose oral prednasolone with monthly high-dose dexamethasone. The results of this trial did not show any difference between the two treatments in the number of people who achieved remission, or in the change in disability or impairment after one year. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexametasone (low-quality evidence) as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) (moderate-quality of evidence). We are very uncertain about the effects of oral prednnisone compared with no medication because the quality of the evidence is very low, and because the only RCT that exists did not use the most appropriate treatment. Nevertheless, corticosteroids are commonly used in practice, supported by very low-quality studies. We also know from observational studies that corticostoids carry the long-term risk of serious side effects. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We searched for studies that compared remote asthma check-ups to face-to-face check-up. We included studies that randomly assigned people with asthma to either a face to-face (where the check- up is done) or a remote check-uppression (where it is done by phone) or to an oral (where a pill is given by mouth) check-down. We found six studies that included 2100 people. We could not say if more people who had a remote asthma test-up had an asthma flare up than those who were seen face to face. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference in the risk of an asthma attack in people who were given a face check-UP. We were not able, for example, to say if there was an important difference in how well the check up was done. We do not know if there were any serious side-effects. We are not sure if there is a benefit of the remote check up over the face check up for people with severe or chronic asthma. We also do not have enough evidence to say how safe the checkup is.
This review of 16 studies, which included 212 participants, showed that exercise does not worsen the symptoms of JI. The results of this review suggest that the short- and long-term effects of the exercise treatment are likely be short-term, but the long- term effects of this treatment are not clear. The studies were all of high quality, but there were too few data to be sure that the results were reliable. The quality of the studies was low, and the results of the trials were not of high enough standard.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants. The trials included adults with acute exacerbations of asthma. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpatients and outpatients, but these effects are small and inconsistent. The effects of antibiotics on treatment failure are uncertain. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failures. The trial also showed that antibiotics reduced the risk of treatment failure and length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes treatment failure, length of stay in hospital, and death. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome mortality. The included trials did not show that antibiotics reduce the risk for treatment failure or death. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics are beneficial for health-related quality of life or other patient-reported symptoms. The available evidence does not show any benefit of antibiotics for adverse events. The results of this review are uncertain because the effects of antibiotic treatment on treatment and on death are inconsistent. These inconsistent effects call for research into clinical signs and biomarkers that can help identify patients who would benefit from antibiotics, while sparing antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit and for whom downsides of antibiotics (side effects, costs, and multi-resistance) should be avoided.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 people (age range 24 to 70; mean 45 to 59, where data were reported) in this review. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2016. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported the effects of whole-grain diets on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. Overall, we found no difference between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors such as blood lipid and blood blood pressure, and the overall quality of the evidence was low. There was a need for well-designed, adequately powered RCTS with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review of trials found that there is limited evidence that early weight-bearing (before the ankle is fixed) and the use of a different type of device (e.g. a removable type of immobilised device) to allow patients to perform controlled exercise can help them to move their ankle. There is also some evidence that the use (or the use) of a device that is easy to use (e.g., a removable device) can help people to move the ankle more. There was little evidence that any of the interventions were better than usual care. There were no studies that looked at stretching, manual or manual therapy. There are no studies on the best type of support or treatment. There may be some evidence from one small study (14 people) that some types of electro-thermal treatment (elevating the body's blood flow to the ankle) may be helpful. There has been little research on the use or the use, of different types of support, of immobilising the ankle. More research is needed.
This review of four studies found that home-based nursing interventions have the potential to improve the number of children who take their medication. Two studies, an LPV/r-based regimens (LP/r) and peer-support group therapy (PST), did not show any benefit in improving adherence, but did show that the number who were able to reduce the viral load was higher in the group on the LPV regimen. A home-centre-based care home-medicine diaries program, which is a home care programme, has the potential for helping children take their medications, but more research is needed.
This review found five studies (696 participants) that compared oral fenoproen 200 mg with a dummy pill (placebo) for acute postoperative pain. The results of these five studies showed a small but effective effect of fenopa-200 mg on pain over 4-6 hours. There was no difference in the number of participants experiencing any side effects between fenuprofen 200 mg and placebo. No serious side effects or withdrawal from the studies were reported. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication.
This review included six trials, which included 857 women. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857) and two trials included women who had had prolapse and were having treatment. Two trials compared the use PFMT with the use (addition) of a prolapse-preventing drug (n > 118) and found that PFMT improved prolapse symptoms and symptoms of prolapse by 17%. The two trials which looked at the use of PFMT to treat prolapse found that it improved the symptoms of the prolapse, but the results were not consistent. The two studies which looked into the use and use (or lack) of PFM for the treatment (or use) of prolapsed muscle found that the PFMT group had more muscle strength and better function (or better in some cases) than the control group. The largest most recent trial to date suggests that six-month of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Further evidence relating to effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of PFMS, of different intensities, for symptomatic prolapse in the medium and long term is needed. A large trial of PFMWT supplementing surgery is needed to give clear evidence about the usefulness of combining these treatments. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle change interventions, and trials aimed at prolapse prevention.
This review of trials found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear CSOM in people with CSOM. Topical quinoleons are better than no drug or antiseptics at clearing CSom, but the effects of quinoles on other treatments (elevating blood flow, healing, and hearing) are less clear. Topicicoids are also more likely to cure CSOM, but their effects on the patient's health are less well-known. The review found no clear evidence that quinoids are better at clearing aural aureus (e.g., CSOM), but the evidence was weak. The results were inconclusive about the effects (if any) of quinsolones on non-quinolone (ezocin) antibiotics, but there is some evidence that they are more likely than no treatment. The quality of the trials was poor, and the length of follow-up was short.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants. Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS correctly identified people with schizophrenia from all the other mental health disorders, but it will not correctly diagnose 40% of people with this condition. In seven of these, FHSI differentiated people with a variety (but not all) of the other types (psychotic, non-phsychic, and non-psychic) of psychosis. In sixteen of these studies, it correctly identified only people with the first (first) rank of psychosis, but will not identify people with other forms (psychic, non psychotic, or non-specific) of psychotic illness. The use FRS to diagnose people with psychosis will lead to a large number of people being wrongly classified as not being psychotic. Some of these people may be delayed in getting the proper treatment. In the future, FSSI should be used in triage to help people with mental health problems to be assessed and treated more quickly.
We searched for studies up to January 2017. We included 10 studies that compared educational and psychological interventions with no intervention or with other treatments for children with eczema. We found 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update. The studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational studies and 44 participants in one psychological study. The evidence is current to January 2016. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. The other studies were of mixed quality. The results of the studies were not consistent. The review found that there is limited evidence that educational and psychosocial interventions can improve eczematological symptoms and quality of the life of children with atopic eczma. However, there is some evidence that these interventions may lead to improvements in eczemia severity and quality. There is no evidence that psychological interventions are effective in improving sleep. The quality of evidence for the effects of educational and psychoeducation interventions on eczemic symptoms and on quality of living was low. The included studies were generally of poor quality. We judged four studies to have high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions. The educational studies in both the original review and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original study.
This review of trials found that HBOT may be beneficial in reducing the risk of wound and gut breakdown, and in improving the symptoms of radiologic proctitis. HBOT was also beneficial in improving tooth sockets and the chance of the tooth being healed. HBot may be of little or no benefit in improving symptoms of neuropathic pain. There was no clear evidence of any important effect on the brain. The review found that there was some moderate- quality research that suggests HBOT is beneficial for people with LRTI, but the evidence is of moderate to low quality.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials involving 2961 surgeons. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two were on caearean sections, two had vaginal repair and two had hip replacement. The evidence is current to August 2014. The use of blunt needles reduced the risk of finger perforations by approximately one finger in every six operations. The number of finger wounds sustained by surgeons using blunt needles was reduced by approximately two fingers in every three operations. In four studies, surgeons using sharp needles had more self-reported needle stick injuries. The quality of the evidence was rated as high. There is high quality evidence that the use of the blunt needles reduces the risk for surgeons and their assistants of exposure to blood and bodily fluids. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised controlled trials involving 422 people. The trials compared trifluoperazine with low- or no-potent (or 'dissolving') drugs. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the Netherlands. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between triffluoperazine and low-potency antipsychotics. However, trifflunopride produced more movement disorders. There was no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. There were no significant differences in numbers with at least one adverse effect (trifluopride 60%, low-drugs 38%, moderate quality evidence). However, at least at least movement disorders were more frequent in the triflunoprene group (trflunoperazine 23%, low drug 13%, moderate-quality evidence). There was also no significant change in the number of people who were coherent and coherent (trfluoperidine 20%, low drugs 5%, moderate/very low quality evidence) or who were rigor (trfluopride 45%, low medication 10%, moderate or low-quality data). No data were available for other outcomes of interest death, sedation and quality of life. The quality of evidence for outcomes of concern ranged from moderate to very low. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of the evidence for outcome measures ranged from low to moderate. More, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of trifplunoprone and low to high-potencies antipsychotic drugs.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants in total. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens (where feeding is given at a set time) in pre term infants in the phase when feeding is made by mouth (transcutaneous tube) to help them to eat. The trials were small, and the trials were of poor quality. We found that feeding by mouth in the early stages (when feeding is started by mouth) can lead pre term babies to gain weight more slowly. The data did, however, show that feeding in the light of feeding cues (e.g., cues to eat) can be done earlier than if fed by mouth. The evidence is of low or unclear quality. The findings of this review should be treated with some degree of caution as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the length of time that pre term prenourished infants spent in the hospital. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 people. One trial with a combined total of 133 participants showed that there was a significant reduction in ankle brachial blood tests (ABS). The other trial, with 18 people, did not show a difference in ABS in people who took a multivitamins (5-methylline, 5-methyltetrahydrofolate, folic acid, 5MTHF, and multivitamin B) compared with people who did not take these supplements. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. No major events were reported. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further well-designed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies that compared different types of financial incentive schemes. One study compared the impact of capitation (a form of payment to dentists) with fee for- service (a charge to be paid by the patient) and the other study compared capitation with fee- for-charge. The study that used a factor design found that the capitec payments resulted in an increase in the number of dentists who carried out dental treatments. The authors of the study found that dentists were more likely to carry out dental treatment if they were paid a fee for their service. The other study found a similar result, but the study was from the four most deprived parts of the country, so the applicality of the findings in the rest of the world may be limited. The second study used a group design to compare the impact on the number and use (of healthcare services) of capitectments. The results of this study found an increase for the group that was given a fee to be used for their dental treatment. The capitextions were given at a later stage in the disease and the dentists did see their clients less often, but also gave more advice. The cost-effectiveness (cost-free) of the two methods of the remuneration system was not clearly described. We judged the risk of bias to be high. We rated the quality of the studies as low/very low. We found that both studies were at high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to miss some of the results). We found no studies that reported on the impact that the methods had on the health service use, the use of health care, or on the cost-effects of the interventions.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers, with a total of 17,000 women, and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were generally at low risk of bias. The review found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (14% relative reduction in the number of babies with low birthweight). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies who were stillborn or died before birth. No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were found between the groups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweights, and was low for stillbirth or neonate death and birthweight. The included trials were mostly of low income women and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared probiotics with antifungal drugs. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The evidence is current to January 2016. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month but did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. Probotic use did increase the rate for the occurrence of serious adverse events but did no increase the number of serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven trials (involving 696 women). The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the world's economic class, which makes the results of this Cochrane Review more relevant to the wider world. Two of the trials were from the USA, one from Germany and Italy, one each from Iran, Turkey, Iran, and Jordan, and one from Turkey. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials compared progestogens with placebo or no treatment. The results of the review suggest that progestogen treatment probably reduces the risk of miscarriage, but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if progestogenic treatment has any effect on congenital abnormalities because the quality of the evidence was very low. The quality of evidence for the main outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of women and the wide range of the results.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) on the use of laser photocompressive drugs (e.g., laser light) to treat diabetic retinitis in adults. We found five studies, which included a total of 4786 people (9503 eyes). The studies were conducted in the USA, the UK, the USA and one study in the UK. The majority of participants in four of these studies were people with proliferate retinopathies (i.e. diabetic retins in the centre of the retina). One study was conducted in Japan. The studies compared laser photocoagulation with no treatment, or with a wait and see approach. The evidence is current to September 2014. The results of the review showed that laser phototherapy reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic retinaopathy with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction in risk of progression of diabetes retinopathy and a similar reduction in the risk for vitreous haemorrhage. None of the studies reported near visual acuity or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is partly due to the fact that the majority of the trials were conducted many years ago and the use for photocoage was not considered to be as effective as it is now.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory fail (a type of lung disease) who had upper abdomen surgery. The average age of the people in the two trials was 65. The evidence is up- to- date as of May 2018. The findings of this review indicate that CPAP or bilevel NPPV is an effective and safe intervention for the treatment of adults with respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. However, the quality of the evidence was low or very low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to have an unclear to high-risk of bias. A variety of different agents were assessed in the four trials. Three trials compared diazepam (an anti-painkiller) with an anaesthetic (vinydan- ether, ketamine, and other drugs) for the use of forceps. The other two trials used spinal anaesthesia (lignocaine, lutein, or luteins). The trials were small, and the results could be pooled. The trials did, however, show that diazepam was more likely to be more helpful than vinydanether for pain relief. In one small trial, diazapine (an antiepileptic) was more helpful for pain control than vinitrex (an anaesthetic). In a further small trial no difference was seen in pain relief when diazape (an analgesic) was used to treat pain during forceps birth. In the trial that used luteine, women were more likely than those women using vinitron (an anesthetist) to regard their pain relief as good. The trial that looked at the use (or lack) of a nerve block (pudendal) to treat the pain of forcep birth was also small. The review found that women who used diazupine were less prone to vomiting when they received diazapedam than women who received vinyanaether. No trials reported on the outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity. There is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps delivery.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six-month in the majority of studies. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in quality-of-life scores, but the results were not statistically significant. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage. No serious adverse events were reported, but data on this outcome was limited. We need more studies with larger numbers of participants and high methodological and reporting quality to confirm the effects of exercise-based yoga for asthma.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the trials did not provide enough information to be able to assess the effects of the drugs. We found moderate- to low- quality data from two trials (58 and 78 participants) that showed no effect of IFN-α (a drug that suppress T lymphocyte growth) on the growth of IBM. We were able to combine the data from three studies (78 and 78 people) that looked at the effects (combine) of IVIg (intra- and intramusculous) immunoglobulins (combined in one trial) on growth and muscle strength. We could not combine the results of these three studies, but we found that IVIG did not slow the growth or stop the growth. We did not find any trials that looked directly at the side-effect of the drug. We also found one trial (44 people), which looked at metheptadienous immunogloblulin (MTX) and found no effect on growth of the disease. We are uncertain whether MTX or MTX is effective in slowing the growth and stopping the growth, but it is possible that it may slow the disease progression. We cannot be sure whether MTT or MTT is effective because the trials were too small and had problems with study design. We need more trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use standardised, validated, and responsive outcome measures. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as providing very low-quality evidence in relation to the primary outcome measure. We judged the quality of evidence for the other outcomes as moderate or very low. We rated the quality as moderate for the outcomes of growth and strength, and very low for the outcome of growth, muscle strength, because the studies were small and did not report enough information. We downgraded the
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. The trials compared linezolid with vancomycin for treating SSTIs, and found that line zolpidem (a drug that is taken orally) was more effective than vancomypine (a medicine that is given intravenously) for treating people with SSTI infections caused by MRSA. There were fewer cases of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the linezidem group compared with the vancomencycin group. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the group treated with linezider than with vancompycin. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral linezolly than with intravenous vancomatecin. In summary, linezole seems to be more effective and safer than vancompamycin for the treatment of SSTIS. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezoglycoside. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 patients. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. The quality of the evidence was low. The included trials were of poor methodological quality and the outcomes measured were not well defined. The authors of this review recommend that future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
This review of six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 patients found that there is some evidence that the use of these drugs may be helpful in some people, but there is still uncertainty as to their effects. The drug nimodipine, which is a beta-blocker, has been shown to be helpful for some people with sub-arachnoids haemorrhage, though its use is not yet known.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of several or multiple treatment groups) with 3090 people. Three of the four trials were of high quality. The evidence was current to August 2016. The trials compared immediate defibrillation plus CPR with defibrillator plus delayed defibribrillation. The results of the trials were inconclusive. The survival to hospital discharge was not significantly different between the two groups. The neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year were not significantly affected by either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment approach. The quality of the evidence was low. We have been unable to determine conclusively whether immediate defirinillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrilation have similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. We were unable to conclude whether either treatment approaches provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
This review found three randomised controlled trials that compared GnRHa long protocol with GnRH antagonist therapy. The trials were of low quality. The review found that GnRHIs were less likely to be withdrawn from the ovaries than GnRH antagonists. The number of oocytes retrieved was less in the GnRHA long protocol group compared to the GnRH blockers group. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was higher in the group receiving GnRHS. Cancellation rates were higher in GnRha flare up group compared with the GnHIs long protocol. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF. More robust data from good quality randomised trials with relevant outcomes are needed.
This review of 53 randomised controlled trials found that family intervention may reduce the number of relapsing events, relapse and hospital admissions. It seems to improve the level of social impairment, the level and severity (of expressed emotion) in the family, and the level (of social interaction) and the general social functioning. It is not clear if it has an effect on the number or the level or duration (of treatment). We did not find data to suggest that it either prevents or promotes suicide. The results of this review should be of interest to people with Schizo's and their families, clinicians, and policy- makers.
We searched for studies that compared drug-eluting balloons to uncoated balloon angiectasis (a type of angiostomy) in people with symptomatous in-stent restenosis. We found three trials that compared DEBs with uncoate balloons. These trials were carried out in the USA, Germany, and the UK. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. The evidence is current to August 2016. The three trials included 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. The trial results show no difference in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoating balloon angioplasty. DEBs showed better outcomes for up to 24 months for target lesion revascularization and binary restenoticosis (a condition in which the arteries are narrowed by narrowing of the veins) and for one clinical outcome - improvement in Rutherford category post intervention for up-to-24 months. Data show no clear differences in death between DEB and uncomated balloon stent angioplastasty. Data were insufficient for subgroup or sensitivity analyses to be conducted. The certainty of evidence presented was very low for the outcomes of amputations, target lesions revascularized, binary restensification, death, and improvement of one or more Rutherford categories. The included trials were of low quality due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We found seven trials that compared the effects of steroids in children with KD. These trials included 922 participants. The trials were conducted in Asia, the USA, Europe, Australia, and the UK. The duration of treatment ranged from one to 12 weeks. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities and the time taken for laboratory tests to normalise. Corticosteroid treatment also reduced the duration of fever, the time for laboratory parameters to normalize and the length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was considered high for the incidence of serious adverse events, mortality and time for the laboratory tests (e.g. ESR and CRP) to normalify. Evidence was considered moderate for the duration (duration of clinical symptoms) of clinical symptom severity due to potential subjectivity in measurement. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Evidence showed that cortics reduced the incidence and duration of coronary problems and reduced the inflammatory markers (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels). Evidence was of moderate quality for the occurrence of serious side effects, mortality, and time to normalisation of laboratory tests. Evidence for the reduction in the incidence (duration) of fever and the duration for clinical symptoms was of high quality. Evidence of moderate-quality evidence shows that cortically administered steroids can be associated with improved coronary artery problems, shorter duration of hospital stays and a decreased duration of clinical pain. Evidence is of moderate to high quality for adverse effects. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality or long-term coronary morbidity. Certain groups, including those based in Asia and those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Four of these studies compared the PIP versus another PIP, video-interaction-guided therapy, psycho-interactive guidance, psychoeducation, or cognitive behaviour therapy. Two of these trials also included a group of infants who were given an alternative PIP in addition to an alternative treatment. The studies were carried- out in the USA, UK, Australia, and Canada. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that PIP is effective in improving the outcomes of parental depression, parent-child interaction, and infant attachment. We also found that there were improvements in the proportion of infants securely attached to their parents at post-intervention; a reduction in the number of infants with an avoidant attachment style at postintervention, and an increase in the percentage of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment at posttreatment. We did not find any differences between PIP and control in any of the other outcomes. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for the outcomes parental depression and secure or disorganised infant attachment, and for the other outcome measures of parent-infant interaction. The included studies also involved relatively few participants and wide confidence intervals (i.e. the confidence intervals are too wide to detect differences between the studies). We rated all comparisons as low quality evidence. Where we downgraded the evidence, it was because there was risk of bias in the study design or execution of the trial.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared giving extra air to healthy term pregnant women in the early stages of labour who were having a caesarean birth to giving them extra air. We found one new study in this update. The trials were of low to very-low quality. The studies were of short-term, short-lived, and did not show that extra air was helpful for the mother, or the foetal, health. The very-l low-grade evidence from three trials (209 women) showed that women in labour who had extra air in their blood had more blood pressure in the blood, and more babies had more arterial blood (foetal umbilical blood). The very low-graded data from 10 trials (683 women), which were of high risk, did not find that extra extra air helped the babies. The low- and very-high-risk studies did not report on the babies' blood pressure. We did not have enough data to be sure that extra oxygen was helpful. We could not tell if extra extra oxygen given to the mother was harmful. We were not sure if the extra extra extra blood given to women in their labour was harmful or not. We are not sure what the best way to give extra extra breathing support to women who are in the labour stage of labour.
We included twelve studies with 2196 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, and Italy. The evidence is current to April 2011. We found that reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken by 11% in four studies. We also found that reminders increased the number of pills users took by 11%. We found no evidence that reminder packing reduced systolic blood pressure. We did not find evidence that reminders reduced blood pressure by any other measure. We extracted data from two studies that looked at blood pressure measurements. We were able to combine the results of these two studies and found that the use of reminder packaging improved blood pressure in patients with diabetes. We could not combine the data from the other two studies because they were too different from each other. We are uncertain whether reminder packaging is effective in improving adherence to medication. We cannot be certain that reminder packs are safe because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We recommend that further research is done to improve the design and targeting of reminder packs.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different drugs (methyl prednolone, multiv vitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E, amrinone, prostaglandin E, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetZid, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All the trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant benefits of these drugs in terms of survival, liver failure, or per-operative morbidity. The trimetzid group had a shorter stay in the hospital than the control. There was no difference in the other outcomes. Methyl Prednolon improved enzyme markers of liver function and trimetazidine, methylprednisolone and dextroxine reduced the enzyme markers for liver injury compared with controls. However, there is a high risk for type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of systematic errors. Trimetazidine may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high risk-bias. The use of these medications should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We searched for studies that compared the risk of kidney disease with any cause, or with no cause, in people with cancer. We included studies that randomly assigned people with a kidney disease to one of three or four treatment groups. We found 61 studies, which were of good quality. We also included studies assessing the risk factors for the disease. We identified 24 studies that were new to the review. We were able to combine the results of 52 studies, including 13,327 people with kidney disease, and we found that the risk for the main outcome was the risk that the kidney function was affected. We did not find any studies that looked at the risk or side effects of the treatment. We could not tell if the risk was increased by the use of drugs to treat the disease, or by the type of treatment. The risk of side effects was varied, and the studies were of varying quality. The studies were too small to be sure that the same risk factors were present. We are not sure if the same risks of side-effects were present in people who had kidney disease and people who did not. We do know that the studies had some problems with their design, and that the way they were carried out. We need more studies to be able to be certain that the risks of the disease are the same.
We identified two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan®, Nicosan®, Cajanus cajan® and Ciklavit®. The evidence is current to August 2014. The single trial of Nipri® suggests that Nipriprisan® may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cell disease. It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia. No serious adverse effects were reported. The trial of Cajanian® reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level. The results of the single trial Cajani® were not reported. Based on the published results for Niprim® and in view of the limitations in data collection and analysis of both trials, phytologines may have potential beneficial effects in reducing the painful crises of sickle cells in sickled blood. This needs to be further validated in future trials. More trials are required on the safety and efficacy of phytopharmacological interventions used in managing sicklecell disease.
We searched for evidence on 30 June 2016 and found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (chema-drug therapy) in individuals with HL and negative PET scans. The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based treatment or standard treatment. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. To date, data have been published for the PET- negative arms only, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials, 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET-less or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET- adapteded therapy and two in participants who received standard therapy. Progression-free survival was shorter in participants with PET adapted therapy (without radiotherapy), and in those receiving standard treatment with radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy (PET-adaptive therapy) versus radiotherapy and in participants in the PET group receiving chemotherapy but no radiotherapy versus standard radiotherapy, and in comparisons in those who received chemotherapy but radiotherapy but no additional treatment versus standard treatment, and those receiving chemotherapy plus radiotherapies. Short-term adverse events only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. Todate, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life, or short- and long-lasting adverse events are available. However, this systematic review found moderate-quality evidence
We found 31 randomised controlled trials that compared different hormonal birth-strollers. Twenty-one trials compared combined birth-controlling drugs (COC) with a dummy pill (dummy pill) and others compared birth-prostaglandins (dienogestrel) with pills, injectables, a ring, and a vaginal ring. Twelve trials studied desogestre (a type of birth-pregnant woman) birth-preventing drug, and the few studies that looked at levonorgestrel (a hormone) birth pills were not very clear. We found no new trials in 2014. We still know little about the risk of metabolic problems in women who are obese. We could not make strong statements on the effects of birth control on the body's ability to maintain a normal blood sugar and blood glucose levels. We cannot be sure that the same type of hormone birth-per-dilute pills are better than other types of birth Control. We can be sure, though, that the two groups of birth women who use birth-control pills are not more or less fat. We are not sure if birth-substitute pills are more or more expensive. We do not know if birth control pills are any more or no less likely to be harmful than birth-suppressing pills. We have not found enough studies to be sure if the same birth-spiration pills are safe for women who have diabetes. We need more research.
We found 10 studies that compared land-based therapeutic exercise programmes with no treatment to treat hip pain. Nine of the 10 studies were of high quality and included 549 people. Five studies were conducted in the general population (419 people), and five in the hospital. The results of these 10 studies showed that land-bore exercise can help people with symptomatous hip OA. The studies were carried- out in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to January 2015. The main results of the review were based on high-quality evidence from nine studies (549 people) that showed that exercise reduced pain and improved physical function immediately after treatment. The improvement in pain was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment. Pain and physical function were estimated to be 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) in the control group; exercise reduced the pain by an equivalent of 8 points (4 to 11 points) and improved the physical function by an equal number of points (7 points) on a scale of 0 to 100. The reduction in pain and improvement in physical function was also sustained at at least 3 to six-month after stopping treatment. Quality of life was estimated to range from 50 points on average in the group of people with hip pain to a mean of 0 points on the 0 to 10-point score in the comparison group. Quality was not improved in the other groups. The quality of life score was 50 points in the people with symptoms of hip pain in the study group and 50 points for the control groups. Only three small studies (183 people) evaluated quality of the life of people without hip pain, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. The overall quality of evidence was low. The included studies were at a high risk of bias due to the small number of participants and
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial in terms of muscle strength, exercise tolerance and activities of daily living for people with MS. There was no clear evidence that specific exercise therapy was more effective than other types of treatment. No adverse effects of the treatment were reported. The review found that there is an need for more high-level research to be done to determine the best way to conduct these trials.
We found only one trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomies (less than 24 hours) with a delay (up to four months) of surgery. The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants). The trial compared early (less that 24 hours after diagnosis) laparoscopically planned biliary colic surgery with delayed laparoscope cholecopy (four months after diagnosis). The participants were followed up for 4.2 months. The results of the trial were not available for the other outcomes. The participants who had early laparaoscopic cholenectomy were more likely to survive the operation than those who had delayed laparaoscopical cholecinectomy. The proportion of people who died during the waiting period was lower in the early laparses than in the delayed laparsed group. There were no deaths in the earlier laparectomy group. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema of the gallbladder (n=1), gallbladders perforation (n°1), acute cholecalcitis (a condition in which the gallstones are exposed to the stomach), acute cholangitis (in which the cholangea (a part of the liver) is damaged), obstructive jaundice (in where the yellow blood cells are not in the blood), and recurrent biliary bowel pain (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the late laparoske group as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours in the first 24 hours of the diagnosis. The percentage of people requiring conversion to open cholecaesthetic surgery was lower than in those who underwent delayed laparectomy. There was a statistically significant shorter hospital stay in the later laparospically planned laparocopically performed group than in
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with short- or single dose prophyleaxis. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main outcome and the main outcomes were the risk of surgical site infections. We found that long- or short- term prophyaxis probably reduces the risk for SSI (plausibly between 76 and 26%) and the risk is likely 76% to 26% lower with long- and single-dose prophlyaxis. There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-term antibiotics compared with a single dose (low-quality evidence). No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of these studies assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. For people undergoing orthognathic surgery, long term antibiotic proprophylactic antibiotics decrease the risk compared with short term proprophytic antibiotics and the is uncertainty of whether short-time antibiotic prophytaxis decreases the risk (low quality evidence). There is no evidence to support the use of short term antibiotics compared to a single pre-operative dose of prophym antibiotics.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The study was too small to detect any important differences between the two groups. The review found no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective pre-term birth at 36 weeks' pregnant for babies with gastroschisis. The trial was too short to be of any use. The women in this study were given a caesarean birth, and the babies were discharged from the study before the women were due to have a caeesaren birth. The babies were born by cesareum (surgic or perineal section). The study did not look at the effect of the elective birth on the babies' weight, the need for repeat surgery, the babies's need for ventilator support, the number of babies who died after birth but not before discharge, or the number who died during or shortly after birth. None of our pre-precordic outcomes were reported. We found no evidence that the elector-preterm-birchosuppressive intervention was better than the spontaneous pre-birth. We were not sure if the electors were better or worse for the babies. We could not tell if the women who had an elective or a spontaneous preterm- birth were more or less likely to have pre-eclampsia (a condition in which the baby's head is stuck in the canal of the womb). We could only find one small trial, which was too few to be sure that the two types (interventions) were better than each each. The one trial was small and the results were imprecise. We are not sure that there are any benefits or harms of the intervention.
We found three studies in adults with cancer, lasting up to one week. All three studies used paracetamol as an add on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine-like drugs at doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some taking some hundredmg of oral painkillers per day). The other non-drug treatments used in the studies were non-steroid drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or a drug that blocks the action of the nerve (neuraltadine). We found no studies in children. The studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and small size. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with no worse than mild pain at the end of the treatment period; or participants with a Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference between paracetamic acid and placebo when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetamate being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other adverse events and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. The quality of the evidence was very low. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of par acetamol alone or in combination with opioids for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. It is not clear whether any additional analgesic benefit of parapeamol could be detected in the available studies, in view of the doses of opioids used.
This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there were not enough data to be sure that the drugs were of good use. The trials were of poor quality and the results were imprecise. The drugs tested were astemizole, propantheline, doxepin, ory Zanol, or suo quo wan. The Chinese medicine suo wan was better than doxenin but the data were not of high quality. Propantheine and doxapine were better than placebo but the doses of astemuzole used were those that can cause side effects. There was no evidence that propanthesine was better or worse than placebo. The evidence was of poor methodological quality. The quality of the trials was poor. The results of the studies were impracticable and the quality of reporting was poor, so it is difficult to draw reliable conclusions.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) with 195 people. Two trials compared the effects of inspirate muscle training with a threshold device (a device that uses a special force to force air out of the muscle) to no active control (no active control) and three trials tested the effects (expirate muscle and a threshold machine) of expirate (resistance) muscle and breathing exercise. The trials were of low- to very-low- quality. We found that people with MS who had a mild- to moderate form (MS-1) of the MS muscle were more than twice (6.5 cmH2O) more than those with MS-1 who had no active treatment. The quality of the studies was low, mainly due to the small number of studies and the small sample size. We were not able, however, to pool the results of the trials, which were too small to be sure that the effects were the same. We did not find any evidence that expirative (respiratory) muscle training had a positive effect. We could not combine the results for all the other outcome measures, such as forced expirator volume, forced vital capacity, peak flow and peak flow pool. We are not sure if the effects on quality-of- life are the same, as we could not find a clear impact on the effects. We do not know if the effect of expiry muscle training is the same as the effect on fatigue, as these were not measured in the trials. We cannot be sure if it is the case that expiry is the best. We have no evidence that it is more or less effective than no active training. We rated the overall quality of this review as low, because of the small numbers of studies, the small size of the included studies, and the imprecise results.
This review identified one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no treatment. This trial included 38 women (41 pregnant with 41 babies). The trial was conducted in the USA and included 26 women (28 pregnancies). The evidence is current to January 2015. The trial did not provide any evidence about other medical treatments for ITP during pregnancy. The evidence from this trial suggests that compared to no medication, betametasone did not reduce the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia and neonatal bleeding in ITP. The results of this trial do not support the use of betametsone for treating ITP in pregnant women. This review does not provide evidence about the use other medical treatment for ITB during pregnancy, and further trials are needed.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both from the Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratocranus pre-operative. They were randomly assigned to receive DALK (Dalk or DALK) or DKA. Only one eye of each person was part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up for all of the people taking part. For the larger study, four of the planned DALK surgeries had to be stopped due to failure. The remaining 77 people were treated for at least three months, with all 77 people being followed for at most three months post the sutures were taken out. The results of the smaller study were not reported. We found no evidence that there was a difference in the risk of graft failure in the DALK group. No postoperative graft failure was reported. The two studies did, in fact, show that graft failure is more likely to occur in the group of people who have DKA after surgery. The data, which related to all cases in each study, showed that rejection was less likely to happen in the penetrating keratoplasty group. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate. The studies were small and had some methodological issues, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are valid. The evidence is up to date to September 2014.
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports) recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Denmark and the UK. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). The evidence was of moderate quality. Women receiving iron were less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control. Women had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the time of intervention, and had a lower risk of iron deficiency compared to control. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Women taking iron had a reduced risk of anaemia compared to those receiving control, and were more likely to have a higher risk of haemodynamic measurements of haeoglobin concentration. Women who took iron were more prone to experiencing gastrointestinal side effects (such as abdominal pain, constipation, loose stools/diarrhoea, and abdominal pain). Women taking an iron supplement had an increased risk of having a hard stools or constipation compared to controls. Women in the control group had no evidence of an increased prevalence of nausea. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. The quality of the evidence was moderate for anaemia, and high for haemodynamics. The overall quality of evidence was high for iron supplementation.
This review identified five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The evidence is current to August 2014. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine over irinotspecine alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment setting study. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 and 4 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed as low to moderate quality. There was no reduction in all-cause mortality in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-free survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy (HR: 0). However, the quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression- free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment.
This review of trials found that a transverse incision is less likely to cause pain, to rupture the wound and to cause a herniate (wound dehiscence) and to make the wound look worse. There was no difference seen in the number of other early or late post-operative post-operative complications and the length of time it took to get back to the same level. The use of painkillers (painkillers) was also lower with a transversal incision. The risk of the wound dehisting and the herniation (wounds rupturing) was lower with transverse or oblowecision. There were no differences in the time it would take to get to the right place for the incision, the number or length of the incisions and the time to get home. The results of this review should be treated with some degree of care.
We included nine studies with a total of 9981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age of participants ranged from 33 to 351.7 years. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (participants and researchers were aware of the treatment they received). In four studies, participants were assigned to receive MBR or usual care. In the other four studies participants were allocated to receive either usual care or another type of treatment. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review found that people who received MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, and time away from work. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms that people could use their work-related outcomes, whereas effects for work- related outcomes were in the moderate range. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The included studies were of low to moderate quality. The main limitations of the available evidence were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. More high-quality studies are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effects of bisphphosphonate treatment to a control group. Bisphosphoates were given to men with bone metastases from their prostate. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The evidence is current to September 2015. Bisplatinates probably reduce the number of skeletal-related events and the number that progressed to bone cancer. Bisosphonates probably increase the number who experienced nausea and renal problems. Bisphalosphonics probably decrease the number with osteonecrosis of the jaw. Bisphasophosphonic drugs probably reduce mortality. Bispalates probably decrease disease progression. Bisbalosphonas probably increase nausea and kidney problems. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with osteonescrosis (joint scarring) between groups. Bismalosphones probably decrease bone metastasis and disease progression in men with prostate cancer. These benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of renal problems and nausea in men receiving bisphosphosporinates. Bispanates probably have no effect on quality of life and pain. Bishanosphonises probably increase kidney problems and kidney damage. Bishexonates are probably safe and effective in men who have bone metastasies from prostate cancer but their use is not recommended. Bisplanates are not recommended for men with metastatic prostate cancer who have a bone metastase from prostate. Bisbanates should be used with caution in men and women with bone cancer who are at risk of bone metastasia.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing HDT + ASCT with either no treatment, chemo-chemotherap, immuno-cholecyte or other treatments in people with FL. We found 5 RCTs, with 1093 patients. Four trials were in previously untreated and one in relapsed FL. The trials were conducted in the USA, one in Australia and one each in Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States. The quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to have been open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias is uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We also found that HDT+ASCT is more effective in terms of progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in patients with previously untreated patients. However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to a statistically significant PFS advantage in the HDT plus ASCT arm. For patients with relapsed fl, there is some evidence (one study) that HDt + ASCochrane is more advantageous in terms (Pfs) and OS in terms both progression- free survival and overall cancer recurrence. No statistically significant differences in terms OS, TRM and secondary cancers were detected. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT - mostly infections
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the UK and the United States. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) and mental state when compared with other treatments. WDD also caused fewer side effects. When WDD + antipsychotic was compared to antipsychotics alone, the combination group had better global state and mental health. However when WDD is compared with antipsychoids alone, there was no effect on global or mental state, but WDD caused fewer adverse effects. The combination group also caused less weight gain. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of W DD for people with schizophrenia.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found three new studies (228 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We found 12 studies with 799 participants. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (moderate-quality results). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain at first day between multistingrand and thermoels. 3. Conventional NiTi versus su pererelactic NiTi arches. There are three studies in these group, and it is not appropriate for us to analyse them. We are unable to determine from these three studies to decide whether there are any differences between conventional and su perelastic niTi arch wire materials with regard to either alignment or pain (low to very low-quality data). 4. Con conventional NiTi vs thermoelaelastic ni ti arch wires There are two studies, but we are unable for us not to analyse these studies. There may be no difference in the pain at the first day of use between conventional Ni Ti and su pneumatic NiTi or between conventional or supelelastic Ni ti arch wire material. 5. Superelactic niTi versus single-strand supelastic ni Ti. There
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one study that met our inclusion criteria. This study included 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study was conducted in 16 nursing homes in France. The participants were followed up for three months. The results of the study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item score scale). For the CMAI, the study reported a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing, Verbally Non- Aggressive Beh behaviour, such a repetition of a word or action, and Physically Aggressive Behavior, such an action, such is hitting. For the OS, the results were not statistically significant. For all other domains, the CBAI scales showed improvement in the intervention group. The evidence is current to January 2017. The quality of the evidence was very low. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research on the effectiveness and safety of this intervention is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesised review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-ups. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared topical skin products alongside frequencies of application. One of the trials compared frequencies of applying of topical skin cream. The evidence is current up to 28 September 2016. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use soap and a washcloth. The second trial indicated a structured washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties might be better than soap and washwater. Findings from the other trials, all being of very low to moderate quality suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be effective in the treatment of people with IAD, and avoiding soap seems to be more beneficial than withholding these products. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was very low or moderate for the outcomes of ID prevention and IAD treatment. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis due to heterogeneity in participant population, skin care product, skin hygiene procedures, skin treatment regimens, outcomes, and measurement tools.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 333 participants in our review. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, but three trials were in the care home and two were in an out-of-patient setting. The studies were of low quality. The evidence is up to date to September 2014. The review found that there were no significant improvements in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. However, the quality of the evidence was very low and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There was a reduction in the time taken for patients to recover from the illness, but this result was not clinically meaningful. There were no differences between the treatment and control groups for the other outcomes. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but the effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. There is no evidence that antiviral agents (acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclvir) are effective in treating IM. The quality of evidence is very low. The majority of included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention. The results of the review should be treated with caution as the quality and quantity of evidence was low.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either the insulin glargine (a drug that suppresses blood sugar) or the insulin-receptor antagonist, detemir (a medicine that suppress the growth of insulin receptors). The results of the trials were not consistent. Insulin glargin was dosed once-daily in the morning. Insulins were given once-weekly in three studies. Insusdemiral injections were given twice-daily. The results were not significant in terms of blood sugar control, nocturnal and severe hypooglycemic control, and there was no difference in the number of injection site reactions. Insurition with glargines was more likely to cause weight gain. There was no clear difference in blood glucose levels in 24-hour blood tests. It was not clear if there was a difference in health- related health-based quality-of life.
This review of trials found that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of people with incontinence. However, SNS does not improve symptoms in patients with constension. SNS is not associated in all people with this condition. The review also found that there is limited evidence that SPS can improve bowel movements in a small proportion of patients with inconsistency. However SNS has not been shown to improve symptoms or frequency of bowel movements. SPS is not known to improve bowel function in people with constipation. SBS is not currently used for constipation and more research is needed.
The review of trials found that molar tubes bonded with a chemically-cure or light-cured (crystalline) or light (glas ionomer) cement were more prone to decay (wet) than molar bands bonded with glass-cored or lighted (glassy) cement. The risk of tooth decalcusion (wearing of the teeth) was higher with molar tubs cemented with glass ionomer than molars cemented in a light-colour (glow-n-glow) cement, but the risk was less with molars banded molar tube cemented cemented glass-coloured. No other side-effects were reported. The two trials that we found (n = 190), at low- risk of bias, were of good quality. The review found that the risk of first-time tooth decay was higher in molar band molar toothpaste than in mental band molars. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2013.
We searched scientific databases for studies that compared EUS with other methods of screening. We included 66 articles published between 1988 and 2012. We found 66 articles that were eligible for inclusion in the review. We collected the data on 7747 patients with stomach cancer who were staged (diagnosed) with EUS. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Turkey, and the UK. The quality of the included studies was good. The diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be considered useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with stomach cancers. However, the diagnostic accuracy was not optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion, especially for the ability of EUs to distinguish T1a (mucosal) versus T1b (submucosa) cancers and positive versus negative lymph node status. Moreover, physicians should be warned that EUS diagnostic performance is lower in diagnosing superficial tumors (T1a versus T2) and lymph node (positive versus negative) status. Overall, we observed large heterogeneity and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be drawn about the use of EU in routine clinical settings. Therefore, all accuracy measures reported in the present work and summarizing the available evidence should be interpreted cautiously. Moreover we must emphasize that the analysis of positive and negative likelihood values revealed that EU diagnostic performance cannot be considered optimal either either for confirmation or exclusion, and that EUs diagnostic performance was lower in the ability to distinguish superficial tumors and lymph nodes.
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 people. The trials compared day-surgery laparoscopic cholecyspectomies (n = 239) with night-surgeons (n > 253). The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The average or median age in the studies varied between 40 and 47 years. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that day-surgical laparoscopically-surgeon-assisted laparopaedic laparotomy (day-surfacing) is as safe as overnight stay surgery in laparoscope-assisted gallstones. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups. There were no significant differences in quality of life between the groups. The quality of the evidence was not significantly different between the studies. There is no evidence that day surgery improves patient-oriented outcomes such as return to normal activity or earlier return to work. There are no significant benefits of day- surgery on pain, hospital readmission rate, or failure to be discharged from hospital as planned. The overall quality of evidence was low. The included trials were at high risk of bias (risk of play of chance). The quality and quantity of the data was low to moderate. The results of this review are based on a small number of trials. The risk of random errors (play of chance) is a major limitation of the review.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more people than the previous version. Two studies used a placebo control and six were blinded, which means that the people in the control group knew which treatment they were getting. We found four studies (1272 people). The studies were of generally good quality. High-concentration capsaicin used to treat post-herpetic nerve pain, HIV/H1N 1, and pain in the legs (horserpies), and painful nerve damage (hardsides) in people with HIV/AIDS, was more likely to produce pain relief (at least 30%) than control (10%) or no pain relief. At 8 and 12 weeks, 10% more people (1274 people) reported that their pain was much or much better with high-concretive (high-concurrent) capsaicins than with 'active') capsaicine. The difference in pain was between 8.8 and 7%. The studies also found that more people with pain in their legs (1271 people) had moderate or substantial pain relief with high concentration capsaicines than with control (571 people). Pain was reduced by about 10% with high concentrations of capsaicina compared to placebo (2 to 4 studies, 571 people), and by about 50% with active (12 to 12 weeks) capsicin compared to control (2 studies, 1272 people) pain. The studies did not report on side effects. Serious side effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than with placebo (3%). Side effects were not more common in people taking high-consumption capsaicinas than with active placebo (1. The quality of the evidence was moderate or very low for pain relief, with the main limitations being small numbers of studies and imprecision in the results. The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. The evidence is current to September 2015. We did a combined analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up), after reassessing the carotid angiograms and outcomes from all three trials using the primary electronic data files, and redefined outcome events where necessary, to achieve comparability. The results of the trials did not show any significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis, had no significant effect in participants at 30% to 49% stenotic narrowing, was of benefit in participants 50% to 69% stenologic narrowing, and was highly beneficial in participants 70% to 99% stenological narrowing without near-occlusion (high-quality evidence). Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% or 69% symptomatic stenosis (moderate-quality information), and highly beneficial for those with 70% or 99% narrowing without close-occlusions (moderate quality evidence). We found no benefit in people with near-OCclusion (low-quality data). We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for all outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared the two surgical techniques for the treatment of parastomies. We found 10 studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants were adults with a wide range of diseases. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The results of the studies were inconclusive for the incidence of paratomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or stoma related mortality. The evidence is current to August 2016. The available evidence is of low or very low quality. The included studies were of poor quality. We were unable to determine whether one technique was better than the other for preventing parastomal hernia. The quality of the evidence was very low for the outcomes of parotomal herniation and stoma prolapse. The overall quality of evidence was low or low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the available evidence were the small numbers of participants and the fact that the results were inconsistent. The review authors recommend that future studies should be designed to provide more reliable evidence to guide clinical practice.
We searched for evidence on 20th September 2013 and found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our primary outcomes in interest. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation, clinical improvements in mental health and satisfaction with treatment, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapies but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low quality. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, that compared NSAIDs with placebo or with other drugs. Most studies were of very low-quality evidence that NSAIDs can help some people with cancer pain, but not all. There was no high- or very low quality evidence that they are helpful for all cancer pain types. We found that NSAID-based pain relief can be achieved in people with mostly cancer-related pain. There were no deaths, but these were not clearly linked to NSAIDs. Side-effects were poorly reported, but most were mild. There is no high enough evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in conjunction with opioids for the three steps of the three step of the WHO pain-lack-of-pain- ladder.
We found two studies, which involved 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the group treated with a fake medicine (placebo), and at day 4. Thus, tinzAParin led to a rapid reduction in pain. The mean difference in the number of painful days was 4.98 days in the tizanidine-based tzafaroparin-treated group. The second study (unclear risk-of-birchitis) involved 34 people. This was a small, short-term study with few data. The study only addressed one of the predefined outcome of the review; i.e., pain. Pain intensity was lower at one day, as reported on a scale, in the dalteprine group, but the quality of the study was very low. The difference in pain intensity was 1.30 points in the favour of daltoprine. Two people in the heparine group had two mild bleeding events, and none in the fake medicine group. We judged the quality to be low for most of the outcome scores. We downgraded the quality due to the small number of people in both the studies, the small sample size and the small numbers of people who had painful crises. We also downgraded it due to problems with the way the studies were carried out, such as the small size of the sample, the low numbers of events, the fact that the study did not use a standard method to measure pain, and the fact the study design was not well described.
We searched for randomised controlled trials comparing anticoagulation with anti-platelet drugs (drugs that block blood clotting). We found 36 studies that compared anticoageulants with anticoactive drugs (blood clot-dissolving drugs). We did not find any randomised trials that directly compare anticoactulants to anticoatelets. We found no randomised studies that looked at the use of anticoages in the treatment of people with carotid artery dissection. We did, however, find that anticoasulants did not improve the risk of death, stroke, or ischaemic (stroke that is, a stroke that is due to a stroke due to blood clots in the brain). We could not find randomised clinical trials that looked directly at the effect of antcoagulation on death, ischaemia, or the risk for any of the other outcome. We could also not find trials that compared the use anticoaagulants or anticoase drugs with control. There were no trials that specifically compared antcoaagulation to antiplatelet drug treatment. There is no evidence to support the routine use of antiplatelets for the treatment extracranial carotids.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. We grouped the trials by the type of wound, the type and the type (wound type) of the wound, and the silver preparations. We found 26 trials with 2066 patients. Thirteen of these trials (in a number of different forms) looked at the use (in different types) of silver-coated gauze (such as Acticoat®,) and six trials (nine) looked (in total). The trials were of poor or unclear quality. One trial showed that a silver-colour gauze dressing (Acticoat®), which is used to treat foot ulcers, was less prone to wound infection than a non-silver dress. Six of the trials (six in each of the nine trials) found no significant difference in the risk of wound infection with a non silver dress. One of the six non-gold-coloured dressings (hydrocolloid) was found to be less prone (in one of six) to wound wound infections than a gold-colored dress. There is not yet enough evidence to determine if silver-based dressings or other agents (such a cream) are more or less likely to cause wound infections.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus the use other antibiotics for the treatment (e.g. carbapenems, tigecycline, imipenem-cilastatins, or tigcys). The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies included adults with VAP. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found no difference in the risk of death or clinical cure between the different antibiotics used for the empiric treatment of VAP, but we found that carbapensems were associated with a statistically significant increase in the clinical cure. We did not find a difference between the use (or lack of) of carbapenoside antibiotics for VAP and the combination of carbapsenems and other antibiotics. We also found that the use carbapenoemetics (a class of antibiotics) may be associated with better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. The quality of evidence for adverse events was low. We rated the quality of the evidence for all-cause mortality, adverse events, and length of stay in the intensive care unit as moderate. We downgraded the quality for all other outcomes to very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found 29 studies investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. The policies were most often of older people or low income adult groups, or both, in public-funded drug benefit plans. The studies were published from 1980 to 2012. The review found that policies targeting the following drugs: gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, which are used to treat inflammation, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services. Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased treatment discontinuity and the use other health service without reducing overall drug expenditures. Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug usage. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Implementing restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of selected medications can decrease third-party drug spending without increasing the use or the use for other health care services. Relaxed reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to publically financed drug benefits for seniors and low income populations, for example), also require explicit measurement.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 19 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies included a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. One study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points. The same two studies reported on plaque. There were no differences between the interventions in plaque reduction at all points. Two other studies reported dental decay at 6 months and 12 months respectively. There is no evidence that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gingsivitis, plaque or dental decay. Five studies compared some form of self-management versus some form or routine OHA and found little evidence of any difference between the two groups. None of the studies measured dental decay or gingival decay. Seven studies compared enhanced OHA with some form and routine Oha. There are no differences in the outcomes between the groups. There has been insufficient high-quality research to recommend any specific one- to-one oral health maintenance or improvement method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high- quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of one to-to one OHA for oral health. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
This review found five small trials that compared oral steroids with placebo (a fake drug) or no treatment. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or a fake drug were included. One trial reported significant short-term benefits of the use of oral corticoids in pain, range of shoulder movement, and shoulder pain and shoulder function. The other two trials (40 and 32 people) showed no significant difference in pain or range of range of movement. A third trial (28 people), which was of low quality, showed that the use (in one trial) of a steroid pill (an ointment) provided a more rapid initial reduction in pain than no treatment, but the effect was not maintained beyond 6 weeks. A second trial (32 people), of a no-treatment trial, showed no difference in range of pain or pain control but it did suggest that the effect of the steroid pill was earlier in the group. A final trial (30 people), with 28 people, showed a small but positive effect of oral or intramusculous steroids. The trial did, however, have some problems with its design. The trials were of low or very low quality.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogenous to allow the pooling of the results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided any detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale (ALSFRS) score, which was pre-assigned as our main outcome. One of the three trials contained data in a form that could be used for quantitative analysis. No difference was seen in the ALSFRS-R score and the ALS manual muscle test (MMT) score at 12 months in this trial. None were seen in any of the other outcomes. None was found to be of any benefit. None had any side-effects. There is not yet enough evidence to draw any conclusions on the use of r tMS in the treatment of ALS. More studies are needed.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 people) of high risk (risk of bias) of randomised trials. All studies involved people with BP and were at high risk of being biased. All trials compared different treatments. In one trial plasma exchange plus steroids gave better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg) than prednisone alone (1.0 mg/ kg) in people with extensive and moderate disease. In another trial clobetasol showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisolone in people who had extensive and severe disease (1 month) with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events (RR 1.06, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.12). There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids (clobeta) with a milder regimen (cloetasole) in one trial. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP. Starting doses of prednisolate greater than 0.75 mg/g/day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of adverse reactions. The effectiveness of adding plasma exchange, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil to corticosteroids, and combination treatment with tetracycline and nicotinamide needs further investigation.
This review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve symptoms of the irritable gut syndrome. However, the quality of the trials was low, and the results should be treated with some degree of caution. Some herbal medicine preparations may be of value in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome, but the results of the studies were not conclusive.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of LNG and LNG regimens in women with infrequent sex. The studies included a total of 12,400 women. The trials were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated were LENAs (11 studies), LNG 0.75 mg (11 trials) and LNg in doses less than LNG (4 trials), LNG in dose less than and more than LNgh, and other drugs and other hormonal drugs (7 trials). The studies were of good quality, but the studies were old, and most were of poor quality. Most studies were funded by the drug manufacturer. The LNG method was found to be efficient, safe, and acceptable. The most common side effects were menstrual irregularity, but there was no clear evidence that this was linked to the use of LNGG. The women liked the method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. The evidence is current to January 2015. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety.
We included 15 studies with 561 participants in this review. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, although the two studies that included in this update were from a much wider range (12 to 54). The distribution of patients in the studies was similar in eight of the 15 studies, with a predominance of female patients in these studies. The results of the review showed that there was strong support for the use of surgical anchorage for the treatment of mesiodistal tooth decay. There was also strong support that surgical anchage was more effective than conventional anchorage in the reinforcement of the upper first molar teeth. There is moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is more effective with surgical anchachment than conventional anchorage, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. There were no differences in the length of time patients received treatment between surgical and conventional anchage. There are no reported harms of either surgical or conventional anchoring. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of mesodistal movement of upper first teeth and reinforcement of upper molars. The evidence for the outcome of mesodicodistals was of moderate quality. The overall quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, the small numbers of participants and the small size of the studies.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants) in our review. We found that statins reduce the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and death from any cause in people with CKD who did have CVD. Statins also reduce the risks of stroke and death due to heart disease. Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be unclear. We were unable to determine the effects of statin treatment on the risk for people with CVD who were not yet on dialysis. We could not determine the effect of statins on the rate of CVD progression. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects in people who had CVD at the start of the study. We are not sure if statins are harmful or not. We need more studies to answer this question.
We searched for studies that compared the use of painkillers for pain in children with cystic fibroids. We found nine studies that involved a total of 379 children. Nine trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. The children in the studies had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies were parallel designed RCTs. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) and all of the OI trials evaluated bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five out of the eight identified studies. For the two ITB studies for pain with CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo). In the two BoNT-a trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT A trials mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who were given alendroneate. The trial investigating pamidine found no evidence that pain was reduced with the intervention. No adverse events were reported in this trial. Overall the quality of the included studies was mixed. Only one study involved over 100 participants. In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epile
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared latrepirdine with placebo (a pretend drug) or another drug in people with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. The evidence is current to February 2017. We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were also included in the analyses. No data were available from the seventh trial. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United States. The results of the trials were imprecise and we were unable to determine whether latrepiritine had any effect on cognition, behaviour or function. However, there was some evidence showing a very small benefit of latrepircine on the neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoints (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that latrepirthine and placebo were comparable in adverse events (adverse events include: serious adverse events, dropouts due to adverse events and dropouts because of adverse events). The quality of the evidence provided on these outcomes was low. The quality was downgraded because of the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and the likelihood of bias of the studies. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse effects compared with placebo, there is no effect of latREPirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of the drug on neuropsychological symptoms in AD.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RICs) involving 735 people in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of having a stroke in people with symptomically blocked arteries (i) and in people having carotid stents (i). We found no evidence that it reduced the risk for having a repeat stroke. In people with stroke, RIC treatment may reduce stroke in those who have a stroke due to blockage of the arteries (intracapulothors). We did not find any evidence that the rate of death or dependence was higher in people who had a stroke because of RCTs. We did, however, find that RCT may increase the risk that people with ischaemia would need to be given blood clot-busting drugs (intravenous thrombotic drugs), but we are not sure if this is a problem. We also found no difference in the risk or the risk factors for stroke in the people who received RCT. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all of the main outcome measures. We assessed the quality as low for the risk-free outcome of ischaememic stroke and low for risk-reduced stroke.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of several or both treatment groups) with 204 pre-term infants. We found that protein supplements given to pre-earthen infants during the hospital stay, in the early days after birth, increased short-term growth. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on long-term outcomes. There is no evidence that protein supplementation increases the risk of feeding intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis, or changes in serum albumin concentrations. There are no data about long- and long-lasting effects of protein supplementation on body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, mainly because of the small number of infants included in the studies, and because the studies were conducted in low-resource settings.
We searched for studies that compared PEMs to no intervention, to other types of PEM, or to a combination of PEMS and no intervention. We found 45 studies: 14 RCTs (14 studies), 31 ITS (31 ITS) and 44/45 studies that assessed PEM use in the professional setting. The results of this review suggest a small effect on the outcomes of professional practice. The quality of the studies was low to very low. We could not comment on which PEM characteristics influence their use. The evidence is up- to- date as of September 2014.
This review of 23 randomised controlled trials found that interventions for young girls which aim to promote sexual behaviours which are likely to reduce STIs can be effective, but more research is needed. There were few studies which looked at HPV (a human papillomavir, a virus which can be spread by sexually transmitted infections) and no studies that looked at the link to cancer.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care, or with the usual way of giving care. One study also looked at the brief-intervention approach. The review found that brief-treatment interventions can help people with bipolar to take their medication more often, and to be less likely to be non-complentant. People who had brief-training were less than twice as sure of their treatment as those who had routine care. People in the brief psychoeducative group were more than twice the rate of people who had their treatment routine care in the short term. People taking brief-control groups were more likely to take the drugs they were given, and were more certain of their medication. People on brief-controlled trials were more willing to take medication, and people in the group that had brief training were more satisfied. People with brief-treated mental health problems were more able to take care of their mental health needs, and they were more confident in their ability. People given brief-care were more aware of their role and more likely than people who did not have brief-help. People treated in the groups that had short-help were more or less likely than those who did, but not in the long- term. There was no difference in the risk of death in the people who were given brief help. We found that people who have brief psycho education are more likely, in the shorter-term, to be more likely not to be relapse prone. We did find that brief psycho Education can help with people's mental health, but we do not know if it is helpful in the rest of the time. We do know, from a few studies, that brief training can help to improve the long term global state, but more research is needed.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, who had been on a waiting-list for COPD for at least six months. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent exacerbations was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk for bias, as it was at risk of selective reporting of results. Compared to the LABA+LABA arm, the results for the primary outcomes for the LAMA+LAB arm were as follows: exacerbations, serious adverse events (SAE), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the baseline, lung function test (a test that measures lung function), and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change from baseline. Compared with the LAPA+LABC arm, we found that LAMA has fewer exacerbations and a larger improvement in lung function. We also found that people treated with LAMA have a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life. These data were supported by low or moderate quality evidence generated from mainly participants with moderate- to severe-type COPD in heterogeneous trials with an observation period of less than one year. Our findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months to 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. All children were treated with heliox. The evidence is current to September 2016. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes postintervention. The mean croup scores at 20 and 90 minutes posttreatment may not differ between groups. There was no difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate at 20 or 90 minutes. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen given one or two doses of adrenaline. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. Heliox may slightly improve croup symptoms at 60 minutes post intervention, but there may be little or no difference overall. Children treated with a combination of heliox and 30% oxygen may have lower mean respiratory rates at 60 and 90 minute postinterventions, but may not be more effective than 30% of oxygen at 120 minutes. Children may have slightly lower mean Taussig croup severity scores at 60 or 90 minute after treatment, but not at 120. There is no difference at 120 between groups for the number of children who required hospital admission. There were no differences in the number who required intubation or admission to the emergency department. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. We could not combine the results of the studies because each comparison included data from only one study. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all outcome
The review of trials found that the use of red flags in primary care and in accident and rescue care is not helpful in detecting vertebras fracture. The results of the single studies that have been published suggest a small group (the 'index' group), consisting of three red flags, may be helpful in primary and emergency care. The findings of the review suggest that a small number (three) of red flag tests, when used in primary, may help to screen for vertebral fracture. When combinations of red Flag tests are used, the results of these tests may be more accurate. The review found that red flag use should be limited to a small set, and should be balanced with the fact that the red flag test may be false positive.
This review identified two randomised trials that compared urethral dilatation and urethroplasties in 210 men. The first trial was carried- out in the USA and the second trial was conducted in the UK. Both trials were conducted in men with urethra stricture following pelvic fracture injury. The results of the trials were inconclusive. There were insufficient data to determine which treatment was the best for urethr stricture disease in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs.
We found six trials (including one trial testing two relevant treatments) that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were of high quality. The evidence is current to September 2014. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the meta-analyses. There was no statistically significant group difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacerbations requiring oral corticosteroids (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.87 to 1.32; the large confidence interval translates into a risk of exacerbations in the intermittent ICS group varying between 17% and 25%, assuming a 19% risk with daily ICS). The trials did not report on the severity of asthma, step-up protocol used during exacerbations and trial duration. No group difference was observed in the number of patients with serious adverse health events (1055 patients; CI 0.82; 95%, CI 0 to 2.03). Compared to the daily IC, the intermittent treatment showed a smaller improvement in change in peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) by 2.56% (95% CI -4.49% to -0.63%), fewer symptom-free days (standardised mean difference (SMD) -0,15 (95%) -0 and 9% (CI -14% to 4%), fewer asthma control days (9% CI 0,14% -14%) and more use of rescue beta2-agonists (0,12 puffs/day) by 0.12 puffed/day (95%). There was a greater increase from baseline in exhaled nitric oxide of 16.80 parts per billion (95%, CI 11.95 to 21.64). There was not significant group differences in forced expirator volume in one second (FEV1), quality of life, adverse effects, hospitalisations, emergency department visits or withdrawals. In children and adults with persistent asthma
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 people with kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with a range of CKD stage 1-5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) that increased fruit and vegetable intake, two (355 people) dietary interventions of a Mediterranean diet and one (12 people) diet of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In very-low quality evidence, dietary interventions had uncertain effects on all- cause mortality or ESKD. In absolute terms, dietary intervention may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKDM, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Across all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Dietary intervention may increase health- related quality oflife, e-GFR and serumalbumin, but the certainty of this effect is very low, as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. Dietary diets lowered systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood blood pressure (lower blood pressure) and blood pressure levels compared to a control diet. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels, but there was no evidence of a benefit on mortality, cardiovascular events or ESKAD. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research in the setting of CK, preliminary evidence of beneficial effects on risks factors for clinical outcomes for clinical
We found only one study that compared the effectiveness of mist therapy with nebulised sal butamole (one child) and mist (one young child) in the treatment of bronchiolitis. The study was conducted in a hospital in the USA. The children were aged between seven weeks and 24 months. The results showed that nebulised salbutamol was an effective intervention for young children with bronchiolytic bronchitis but mist in a tent did not lead to a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score. The trial did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy for acute bronchiolaitis in children up to three years old.
We searched for studies that compared statins with placebo (dummy treatment) or no statin in people with Alzheimer's or vascular disease. We found four studies (1154 people with an age range 50 to 90). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD and most were on choline-like drugs. The studies were of good quality. The primary outcome in all four studies was change in the Alzheimer's Disease Rating Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled the data, there was no benefit from statin (measured by the Mini-Mentor State Assessment Scale (MMSE). There was no difference in the change in MMSE when we pooled all the data. Three of the four studies reported on treatment- related side-effects. When we looked at the results of three of the studies, there were no significant side- effects. There was a lack of evidence that statins have a role in the treatment of vascular disease, but we found no studies that looked at this. We rated the quality of the evidence as low.
This review identified four studies involving 149 participants. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults (aged between one and 12) with Chait- Marie-Tooth disease. There were no significant benefits of night- splint use in these children and people. One of the two studies assessed prednnisones (a drug that is taken by mouth) for the treatment of Charcot- Marie tooth disease type 1. There was no evidence of benefit from this treatment. One study assessed the use (at a dose of 0.75 mg/kg/d) of prednosextone (a steroid) for treatment of Duchenne muscle dystrophies. There is no evidence that this drug has a significant effect on ankle range of motion. One small study assessed prednisone for the prevention of muscle weakness in 103 boys (age between one month and 12 years) with Duchennes muscular dystphy. There are no significant differences between wearing a night splander and not wearing a day splander. One trial evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with Duchensne muscular dystrophy. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. There has been no evidence to support the use of prednisones for increasing ankle range or strength in CharcotMarie-Toot disease. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women). The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and did not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There is clear and important evidence that walking or standing upright in the early stages of labour reduces the duration and risk of the first caesarian section, and does not seem associated with an increased need for an epidural. There was no difference between groups in the duration or need for the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes relating to the babies' and mothers' well-being. The quality of the evidence was variable. The evidence was limited by the small number of studies and the small numbers of women in each group. More research is needed to confirm the true benefits and risks of upright and mobile positions compared with recumbent positions for all women.
We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any treatment with no or with an active treatment. We found three RCTs, but only two of them had a follow-up of six-month or more. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial that assessed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection, had a low risk of systematic error. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow- up. There are no adverse events of the BTZ treatment above saline injection. There is moderate evidence to suggest that treatment with BTX injections yielded no great improvements over placebo injections of saline. There has been no evidence from RCTS for the use of other currently used treatments. There needs to be an agreed definition for the diagnosis of Tos, especially the disputed form, agreed outcome measures, and high quality randomized trials that compare the outcome of interventions with no treatment and with each other.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that a hand brace (four weeks) and ultrasound treatment for two weeks were not significantly beneficial. However one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound which was maintained at six months. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Compared to placebo, pooled data for two-week oral steroid treatment demonstrated a significant improvement in symptoms. One trial also showed improvement after four weeks. Compared with placebo, diurestics or nonsteroid anti-inflammatories did not demonstrate significant benefit. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In another trial involving 21 people carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved symptoms after three weeks compared to no treatment. In the third trial involving 50 participants, steroid and insulin injections significantly improved pain over eight weeks. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and function. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not show symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit when comparing to placebo. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 people. One trial compared IVS with observation and one trial compared dexamethasone with sham injections. The two RCTs were funded by the manufacturer. The evidence is up-to- date as of August 2018. The trials enrolled a combined total of 165 participants with CRVO-ME. The trial participants were followed up for 8 months. The other trial enrolled a group of people with CRV-ME with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion. The study participants were monitored for 8-month follow-up. The results of the two trials were not consistent. The CRVO trial showed that IVS was not associated with improvement in visual acuity after six months. However, the trial investigators reported that participants treated with 1 mg (n = 82) or 4 mg (83) IVS intravitreal injections were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual vision compared with participants in the observation group. However the average visual acision decreased in all three groups. The treatment group treated with IVS lost fewer letters than the observation groups at 8 months, but the average difference was not statistically significant. The IVS group had a higher incidence of adverse events than the control group. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. The quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting. The included trials were at high risk of bias due to incomplete outcome data in SCORE and selective outcomes reporting in GENEVA.
This review of six trials involving 394 children found that treatment with intranasal corticostoids (a type of drug) may improve nasal symptoms and reduce adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that beclomethasone (336 mcg/day), a corticosteroid, improved nasal symptoms more than a dummy pill (18.5 mcg) and was linked to an improved mean symptom score. The third trial showed that mmet asometasone (100 mcg daily) for 40 days reduced nasal obstruction symptoms and adenoids size, and adnoidectomy could be avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of the patients treated with normal saline. The fourth parallel-group trial showed a larger reduction in adenoidal size than isotonic saline solution (P < 0.05). The fifth parallel-study demonstrated that fluticasone reduced nasal symptoms (400 mcg per day) and adensoid size, but did not find a significant improvement in nasal obstruction or adenodysplasia. The sixth trial did not show a significant reduction in nasal symptoms or adensia after eight weeks of treatment with beclometrichasone. The long-term efficacy of intran asicosteroids in these patients remains to be defined.
We searched for evidence on 5 February 2016 and found one study that involved 24 women. The study was conducted in Mexico and involved women who were not labouring. The women were given either an epidural block or an antihypertensive drug (antihypertensives) or a control group who received antihysteric drugs, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole. The control group received anti-hypertension drugs and the control group was given an epidurals. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days later); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious complications (defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema, pulmonary hypertension, and preterm birth); death in utero (birth before 37 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (births plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths within the first 28 days after birth, deaths after the first month, preterm births (birth after 37 weeks’ gestation), and pre-term birth (birth of the baby before 37 completed weeks‘ gestation). The included trial did not provide any information on the baby outcomes. The only outcome that was reported was the Apgar score of the newborn baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. The epidural agents lowered the vasomotor tone of the mother and baby. However, the change in the change of the mean arterial pressure and systolic arterial pressures,
We searched for evidence on 15 September 2016. We included 16 trials with 927 participants. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention). Glucocortics were administered orally or parenterally for a median 28 days (range 3 days to 12 weeks). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no evidence of effect of glucococorticaosteroids on all-cause mortality up to three months following randomisation, or on health-related quality of life up to one month after treatment. There were no serious adverse events during treatment, liver-related mortality up up to two months following treatment, number of participants with any complications up to up to four months following the start of treatment, and number of people with non-serious adverse events up to at least three months' follow-up after end of treatment. The certainty of evidence was very low for all- cause mortality and health- related quality oflife, and low for health-based quality of the life. The quality of evidence for all outcomes was very poor. The trials were at overall high risk of bias. All trials but one were at risk of systematic error (risk of overestimating benefits and underestimating harms of gluccorticostoids). The quality and quantity of data were very low. The evidence is up to date to September 2016, and we are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference between glucocorts and placebo or placebo or control on all cause mortality, serious adverse event, and health related quality-of-life. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events
We found four studies that involved 245 participants. The studies included people who had had a stroke and were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The interventions included a simulator-based driving programme, a driving simulation, and a skill-based approach. We found no clear evidence that the use of a driving simulator improved on- road driving skills after stroke. We did, on the other hand, find that it may have helped people to learn to recognise road signs. There was not clear evidence of an effect on the number of people who were able to drive on the road at six months. There were no adverse effects. We were not able, at the present, to draw any conclusions on the effects of the intervention on the vision, other aspects of cognition, and on the driving behaviour. We could not find any studies that assessed the effects on the quality of life. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to be sure that the intervention is effective.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants. The average age was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men in the studies varied (from 58% to 84%), and COPD was classified as severe (or severe) or very severe (COP). Corticosteroid treatment was given at similar daily dosage (three to 15 days) for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 day for longer-duration corticosteroids. Five of the studies were funded by the drug manufacturer. Five trials compared short- duration (three days or less) versus longer- duration corticostoids (10 to 14 days) and found no difference in the risk of treatment failure between short- and longer-term treatment. Five other trials compared shorter courses of systemic corticoids (of around five days) versus long courses of longer-acting corticoid treatment. We did not find a difference in risk of relapse (a new event) between short and longer courses of corticotropin. Five more studies compared short versus longer courses. Five were funded in part by the manufacturer of the drug. Five additional studies were supported by the company that makes the drug that was involved in the study. We graded the quality of the evidence as moderate because of imprecision (differences between studies). We found that the quality was moderate for the outcomes of interest. We found no evidence that shorter courses (of five days or fewer) of cortics (of about five days duration are better than longer courses (10 or more days) in terms of lung function, time to the next exacerbation, or the risk that the next flare-up will be worse. We also found that five days of oral cortic steroid treatment is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD. We are confident that the likelihood of a flare-ups of COPC being
We searched for evidence on 5 February 2016 and identified one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) that compared a policy of giving blood transfusions only to people with MDS who had a low white blood cell count (Hb) to prevent transfusion transfusions or to people who had normal white blood cells) to decide whether to receive blood transfusion or not. The trial was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low. The one included study did not show a difference in the number of deaths or transfusions between the two groups. There were no anaemia-related complications (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels. The study did report no information on mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. The evidence is up to date to February 2016. The review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion strategies for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of bone marrow disease, MDS, rises with an ageing population.
We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of games as a teaching tool for health care workers. We found two studies that evaluated the effects of games on health care worker knowledge. The first study compared a game-like game (Snake and Ladders) with a traditional case-based learning strategy. The second study compared game-based learnings with traditional case learning. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games for health professionals. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review of trials found that there was some evidence that lithium or antidepressants might help people with unipolar affective disorder to avoid relapsing. There was no evidence that they were more or less helpful than other drugs. There were no deaths due to all cause. There is a need for more research in this field.
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on salvage glands. Moreover, no health-related quality of life and no patient-oriented outcome were assessed.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017. We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician's intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics and once-weekly home-brief sessions for 12 weeks. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. The study found gains for the intervention groups on total-language measures immediately postinter intervention. One of the three studies did not find any differences in parental stress scores between the two groups at any time point up to 12 months postintermission. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children postinterventions, and in one study most strategies were maintained in the interventions group at 12 months after intervention. No study measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. No studies reported language attrition following the intervention in either. One found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the parent- mediated intervention group. One looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers in the group attended seven out of nine group and four home visits.
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found no evidence to support the use of exercise-based rehabilitation for adults after heart valve surgical procedures. We did find that exercise- based rehabilitation may increase exercise capacity compared with no exercise. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. There were no data on health-related quality of life, and the trials did not report on health status, and cost. We also found no data for the return to work outcome. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We were unable to combine the results of the two trials because of the small sample size and the risk of random errors.
We found five studies that compared different interventions for adults with incurable terminal illness. Two studies evaluated the effects of a single intervention, the others evaluated a range of different types of pneuma care. The studies were conducted in the same way, in the USA, and all were undertaken in the hospital setting. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. The results of the trials were inconclusive. In the studies evaluating meditation, there was no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality oflife. In palliative care intervention studies there was not significant difference in quality or well being between the trial arms. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies.
We included six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our main outcome, the Unified Parkour and Deafness Rating Scale (UPDRS). We found no evidence of an effect of tCS on the UPDRS score. However, there was evidence of a reduction in the UDPRS part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence that tDCS reduced the time that symptoms were controlled but the person still experienced involuntary muscle movements. We also found one study with 16 participants examining tDCS plus movement therapy compared to a control group. We did not find evidence of any effect of the tDCS on gait speed. We could not determine the effects on the time taken to walk, the time spent in bed, or the time the person spent in the immobile state of dyskineia. We were unable to determine the effect of using tDCS for improving activities of daily living. We identified no studies examining the effect on the effects for reducing off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and on the reduction of time spent with dysketinesia. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS had an effect on reducing the time people spent in hospital bed, improving the quality of life, disability, and impairment in patients with IPD. We are uncertain whether tCSD is beneficial or harmful for reducing the off time, improving activities, and improving the symptoms of dysketia. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up to date as of January 2018.
We included 12 studies (N = 461) in this review. We excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. We included four studies from the previous review in this update. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecise, or a mixture of these. Two small studies compared LASB to a sham (fake) LASBP (placebo/sham) (32 patients) and found no significant short-term benefit for LASBs for pain intensity (moderate quality evidence). One small study (36 patients) at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space (very low quality evidence) at one-year follow-up. Of two studies that investigated LASBS as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from LASb (very, very low quality of the evidence). Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments (low to very, low quality). Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatment (low, very, or low quality) and ultrasound-guided LASBA with non-guided local anaesthesia (very very low). Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. This update of this review is similar to the previous version of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetics for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that LASAB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS (low quality evidence), but the results of this update do not support its
We included trials that compared the use of antivirals with placebo (disease-free treatment) or corticostimulone (drugs that do not cause symptoms) in people with Bell's palsy. We found that the use or combination of the antiviral drugs may have little or no effect on the rate of Bell's-related incomplete or partial recover from Bell's disease. The rate of complete or partial return to normal activities (recurrence) was lower with the antiviral drugs than with either no treatment (2 trials, 658 people). We found no clear effect on rates of complete and/or partial recoveries in people who had Bell's with severe Bell's. We did find that the corticosteroid drugs corticotecin and fluocinol (an antiviralin) may have had a small but positive effect on Bell's symptoms, but we could not be sure of this. We could not tell if the cortice was better than placebo or cortinol alone. We also found that corticoids plus antivirials may have reduced the number of people who experienced motor synkinesis or crocodile tears (a short-term symptom of Bell’s palsy) compared to corticoid-only participants. We were unable to determine whether the combination of antiviral treatments had any effect on adverse events. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low for incomplete recovery, very low for partial recovery, and moderate for adverse events, and very low to low for adverse effects. We included 14 trials, including 2488 participants, in this review. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We excluded 10 trials that were at risk of high or low risk of systematic error in several domains from this review and limited all analyses to studies at lower risk of randomisation.
We found two studies, including 97 women, comparing two different LHRH agonists (leuproreceptor agonists) for the treatment (leupererererelin and treosulfan) of platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory EOC. One study compared leuprorelin with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfans) and the other study compared decapeptyl with a placebo (a pretend treatment). The studies were conducted in France and the United Kingdom. The studies lasted from two to three years. The evidence is current to January 2014. The two studies were of very low quality. There may be little or no difference between treatment with leuprerelins or treosulans in overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, respectively. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treos sulfan than leuprrerelan. There was no difference in other Grade 3/4 side effects: nausea and vomiting, neurotoxicity (damage to nerves), neutropenia (inflammation of the blood), neutrophils (inflammations of the bone marrow) and neutropensia (infection of the white blood cells). The Currie 1994 study, which compared decaceptyl treatment with placebo, reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks, respectively, and no relative effects measures or P value at a particular time point were reported. Overall survival (os) and QoL outcomes were not reported. In addition, adverse events were only mentioned for the decapeptic group. Adverse events were incompletely reported (no adverse events in decapeplyl group, but not reported for the placebo group). Based on this review of
We found 17 studies that compared inhaled nitric oxide with placebo or no treatment in infants with hypoxaemic (low blood pressure) or low blood pressure. We found that inhaled Nitric Oxide (iN) reduced the risk of death or use of ECM (ECM) in infants who had low blood oxygen levels. This was due to a lower need for ECM. Inhaled nitrous nitric Oxidase (i NO), a drug that is thought to improve blood flow, was better than standard care (placebo) in about 50% of infants. In addition, the number of infants who needed ECMO was reduced by approximately 5% in infants receiving iNO. Infants who received iNO at less severe criteria did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Fewer of the babies who received early treatment satisfied the criteria for treatment, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease the need for an ECMO. Infant development, disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between tested survivors who received oxygen and those who did not. In summary, inhaled iNO is effective at an initial concentration of 20 ppm for term and near-term infants with low blood nitrogen levels who do not have a diaphragmatic hernia.
This review of trials found that lumbar supports are not more effective than no treatment, no treatment or training, or other preventive treatments for low-back pain. There was also conflicting evidence on the effect of lmbar supports on other preventive interventions. There is moderate evidence that lmbars are not better than no intervention or training in preventing low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are better than other preventive intervention. It remains unclear whether lumbarb supports are more effective in treating low-backs than no or other interventions. More research is needed to answer this question.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in the ICU, oncology and haematology units, and those who were given pneuma-suppressing drugs. The studies were of high quality. We found that catheter-impregnated CVCs reduce the risk of cathets getting clogged. They are also less prone to infection. We did not find that impregnated and non-impregnant CVC groups had the same risk of dying. There were no differences in the risk for adverse effects, such as thrombosis/thrombophlebosis, blood clots, bleeding, ileum infection, and/or tenderness at the insertion site. We also found that the effects of impregnation of CVC with an antimicrobicide were not different in studies that compared the risk with no impregnations. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for the risk-free rate of cathercin-related blood stream infection, but we downgraded the quality to high for all other outcome outcomes. We downgraded this to high because we had a concern that the studies were at risk of bias. We graded the quality as high or very high for most of the outcome measures. We judged the quality for the other outcome of catheter-related local infections to be low or very low. We concluded that impregnant and non impregnate CVC-impacted CVCS are safe and can be used in all settings. We do, however, note that the magnitude of the benefits of impregnation varied between the studies.
We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised trials (RCTs) that compared nutrition-based programmes with no intervention. The interventions took place in Bangladesh, India, and Periurba. The study locations were in urban slums, poor urban or periurban areas, and the study populations were mainly children. The studies were mainly of low- to middle class (9,931 infants and children) and 3664 pregnant women. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials included in this review included 14 studies that compared nutritional interventions with no nutritional interventions. The nutritional interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient or macronutrients supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). The interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. The main outcomes were length of life, low-to-moderate-food-related outcomes, and low-food food-related outcome measures. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The included studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate risk of biased results. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. The findings of the review were limited to outcomes for low- and middle-income countries. The review found that there was no evidence of an effect of nutritional interventions on low- or middle-class women's weight gain or length. There was no clear evidence of a difference in the effects of nutritional intervention on low food-associated outcomes. There were no differences in the impact of nutritional programmes on equity issues. The quality of the evidence for the outcomes of low food intake and length was very poor. The overall certainty of the available
This review of trials found that foam dressings do not appear to be more effective than other wound dressings in the healing of venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in the number of people who had ulcers that had been healed at 12 to 16 weeks, and no difference when foam dressers were used with paraffin gauze, paraffins, or hydrocapillar dressings. There were no differences in the proportion of people with side-effects when foam was used with polyurethane foam, or with other wound dressing treatments. The evidence in this area is of low to unclear quality. More research is needed to confirm the efficacy of foam dressing in the treatment of venus leg ulcer.
We found two studies that compared celecoxib and etorocoxib to a dummy drug (placebo) in a group with rheumagnes disease. One study (n = 159) compared etoracoxib (a drug that blocks the growth of blood clots) to a group of IBD (with rheumatology) with no rheuma-like symptoms. The other (n of 222) study (200 mg twice a day) used celeoxIB (a medicine that blocks inflammation of the colon) to placebo in a treatment group with active rheumatic disease. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not combined for analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. The results for disease exacerbation and side effects between celecoxIB and placebo were uncertain. After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) in the celecoxb group compared to 19% (15/77) in placebo group. The proportion of patients who experienced side effects was similar in the two groups (21% and 17%, respectively). No patients in either group died or experienced serious side effects. Side effects included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No patients experienced any cardiovascular side effects or thrombotic side effects (blood clots). The results of the review were uncertain due to the small number of patients and short duration of the studies. Thus no definitive conclusions regarding the tolerability and safety of celecoxiber and etoricoxib in patients with IBD can be drawn. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients IBD patients with rhematological manifestations in order to avoid disease exacerbations and other side effects and to avoid premature withdrawal from the study.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants. The studies were mostly small, mostly of poor quality, and had short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). Six studies included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one study included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two studies included people who had not been infected; and the remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found that there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the different types of topical antimicrobial treatments. We are uncertain about the relative effects of different topical antimicrobials for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events. We considered the certainty of the evidence to be low or very low for all of our outcomes. The certainty of evidence was downgraded twice due to risk of bias, and the certainty was very low on the other outcomes. We judged the certainty to be very low or low for the following outcomes: 1) use of an antimicrobial dressing (e.g. silver, iodides, super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine) compared with non-antimicrobial dressings (elevating the risk for any adverse events); 2) use (or comparison) of an antibiotic-based dressing (i.e. systemic antibiotics (e) compared to non-anti-antibiotics (e). We found no evidence that the use of topical antibiotics (i) increases the risk that the wound ulcers heal more quickly than non-ants. We also found no information on the number of ulcers healed. The overall certainty of this evidence was very limited. The quality of the included studies was generally low
We searched for studies that compared zinc supplementation with placebo or no treatment in children with acute bronchitis. We included six studies that involved 5193 children. We did not identify any new studies. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of acute bronchemic pneumonia by 13%, and the number of children with upper chest infections (pneumonia) by 41%. We found no evidence that zinc supplements reduce the number or occurrence of lower chest infections. We also found that the number (and occurrence) of children who had fast breath tests (e.g., chest x-rays or X-rays) was lower. We could not find any studies that looked at the effect of zinc supplements on the number, duration, or occurrence (of pneumonia). We found low- or very-low- or unclear-evidence that zinc is beneficial in children.
This review found that vitamin A has only a limited effect on acute LRTIs. Vitamin A caused an increased incidence of acute LUTIs (cough and runneth over), an increase in cough, and fever, and an increase of symptoms of cough, rapid breath, and rapid breathing. This result is outside our current knowledge of the use of vitamins A for preventing LRTI. Low-dose vitamin C may be more effective than high-dose vitamin C in preventing LUTI, but the effect of vitamin A on acute diarrhoea is uncertain. Vitamin C should not be given to all children to prevent acute LITI.
This review of trials found that theophylline improves lung function and slightly improves blood gas tensions. These benefits were seen in people with moderate to severe COPD. However, the quality of the studies was poor, and the number of people who dropped-out was low. Theophyllines were not well tolerated by the participants.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapists 249; control group 190) from the USA, aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. The trials were conducted in the USA and Canada. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies showed that oral immunotherapy for egg allergy increases the amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events, and leads to a complete recovery from egg allergy after completion of oral immun therapy or sublingually injected immunotherapy, compared to control. Most children (82%) in the oral immuntherapy group could ingest a partial serving of egg compared to 10% of the control group. Fewer than half (45%) of children receiving oral immuntreatment were able to tolerate a full serving of eggs compared to only 10% in the control groups. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of children presented mild-to severe adverse events during oral immunacy treatment versus 6.8% of those in the placebo group. Of note, seven studies used an avoidance diet. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. Overall, the quality of evidence was low due to small numbers of participants and events, small sample sizes, and possible biases. The quality of the evidence was judged to be low due mainly to small sample size and possible bias.
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Data were not available for adverse events after ILR implant. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the ILr implant were counted. The mean cost per diagnosis and the mean cost of arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR. Moderate quality evidence shows that an aetiologic diagnosis increases the rate of aetic diagnosis as compared with a standard diagnosis pathway. No conclusive data were provided on the other end-points analysed. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILRs in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILR to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that enrolled 275 patients with 282 patients with hydroceles. These studies compared the use of sclerotherapy with surgery. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2012 and involved 275 patients. The participants were randomised to either surgery or aspiration and sclerotherapy. The results of the studies were not consistent. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups. However, there was significant heterogeneity in the results of these studies. This could be due to the agent used or the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. There was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received scler therapy compared with surgery, however this result is uncertain. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the sclerosing solution concentration group. There is an increased number of infections in the surgery group, however the increase was not statistically significant. Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgical group was higher than the scleraotherapy group but because of different measurement tools used in these studies, we could not combine the results. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no significant difference between the groups. Radiologic cure was also not reported. There are no significant results for haematoma formation between the treatment groups. The cure rate in short-term follow-up was similar between the intervention groups, however there is significant uncertainty in this result. There remains uncertainty in the long-term results. There has been no evidence that the use or lack of use of different types of sclerocelesant agents, sclerosant concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. There should be rigorous randomised controlled trials that assess the effectiveness of different type of slicesant agents and scleros
We searched for evidence on the use of nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rh DNase) in the treatment of tracheal malacys. We found one randomised trial (RCT), which compared nebused rh DNase with a dummy treatment (placebo). The RCT was carried- out in the USA and involved 40 children with tracheomalacia and a respiratory tract infection. The trial was funded by the National Institutes of Health Research (NIHR) and the National Institute of Health (NIH) Research Council of Canada (NIHC). The trial lasted two weeks and involved children with a mean age of five years. The children were followed up for two weeks. The RTC was funded in part by the NIHR and the NIH. The results of the trial showed that there was no significant difference between the two groups for the proportion of children who were cough-free at two weeks, but the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the dummy treatment group. The mean change was also better in the placebo group compared to those on nebulized rhDNase, but this difference was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests at two week) favoured placebo over nebulisation rhDNASE but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomagmatic disease. It remains inconclusive whether the use nebulising rhDNases in children with airway malacia and respiratory tract infections worsens recovery. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with tracomalacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these R
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT); the rest of the studies evaluated other forms, such as third- wave CBT (mindful, non-confrontant therapy), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. The studies were carried- out in a wide range of countries, and included people with a range of age groups. The average number of sessions in the studies ranged from 1.5 to 13. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. Most studies were conducted in the USA, and most were conducted among people with general health problems. The duration of symptoms reported by nine studies was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. For all studies comparing some form or combination of psychological therapies with usual care or a waiting list, CBT reduced the severity of symptoms at the end of treatment. This effect was small to medium. Compared with enhanced or structured care, CBTs generally were not more effective for most of the outcomes. Five studies (679 participants) showed that psychological therapies were somewhat less acceptable in terms of drop-outs than enhanced care. Five of the five studies (624 analysed participants) assessed symptom severity comparing some psychological therapy with enhanced care, and found no clear evidence of a difference at end of the treatment. Results for the subgroup of studies comparing CBT with usual therapy were similar to those in the whole group. When all psychological therapies included this review were combined, they were superior to usual care and waiting list in terms in terms for reducing the severity and duration of symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all studies in this review included participants who were willing to receive psychological
We searched for evidence on 30 May 2017 and identified 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared regional anaesthesia with no regional anaesthetic for preventing PPP after thoracotomy or caesarean section. We included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesiography for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our analysis. Evidence synthesis of seven RCTS favoured epidural anaesthesia for thoracectomy, suggesting the odds of having PPP three to 18 months following an epidural for thorcotomy were 0.52 compared to not having an epidurals. Evidence syntheses of 18 RCT studies favoured regional anaesthetics for the prevent of persistent pain three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery. Pooling data at three to 8 months after caesarian section from four RCT-based studies favoured the use of regional anaestation after caearean sections. Evidence summary of three RCT trials investigating continuous infusion with local anaesthetic in the prevention and treatment of PPT three to 55 months after iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG) was inconclusive. However, evidence synthesis of two RCT reports also favoured the infusion of intravenous local anaesthetic for the preventive of PP three to six months after cancer surgery, suggesting that intravenous infusion of local anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP. We did not synthesize evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. We conclude that there is moderate-quality evidence that regional anaisation may reduce PPP in women after thoraco- thoracoscopically-related thoracostomy and three to one year after caedare
This review of trials found that second-generation antipsychotics, mood-st stabilisers, and dietary supplements (omega-3 and topiramate) may be helpful for BPD, but more research is needed. The review found that the effects of these drugs on BPD symptoms are not yet clear. There was a possible increase in self-harm, sedation, weight gain, and blood loss with olanzapine. A decrease in weight was seen with topiramine. No clear evidence was found for the use of second- and third-generation second generation antipsychotic drugs. The evidence is up- to- date as at June 2013.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, with 217 of whom had completed the studies. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised trials (RCT). Of these two trials, two were added for this update (one was added for the previous version of this review, and one was new). We are not sure if washout (saline or acid) has an effect on the rate of symptomatous urine infection, length of time each catheter is in place, or the rate that each cathercin is in the ureter. We are also not sure how washout affects the rate or length of stay in the cathete. We found no data on: the use of washout, the number of cathets, washout use, wash out use, or health-based measures of mental health. We were uncertain if wash out (salin or acid), when used in addition to no washout or in addition or in conjunction with no wash out, has an impact on the number or length that each of the catherps is in. We did not find any data on the use or acceptiveness (how well people like the washout) of wash out. We could not tell if wash outs were harmful. We rated the quality (the overall quality) of the evidence as low or low. We judged the quality of the studies to be poor, because they were small, had some problems with their methods, and the results were imprecise. We do, however, think that more high- quality studies are needed.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies contributed the secondary objective. We found substantial differences between the studies. We included studies in cancer cancer survivors, cancer treatment, age of the survivors, and the way in which they were assessed. We could not combine the results of the studies, so we present them descriptively. We were able to combine the data from 17 of 18 studies (describing 14,573 cancer patients), which showed that the proportion of cancer patients who were tired was 0%. We found that in a sub-group (13,952 cancer patients) of children and adults who were 16 and over, the proportion who were not tired was 4% to 61.7%. We could only combine data from three of 12 studies (13:906 cancer patients, which showed no difference in the number of people who were fatiguing). We found no difference for people who had bone cancer, but in four of the 12 studies, people who did have bone cancer were more likely to be tired. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of the risk and other factors on tired-ness. We are not sure how many childhood cancer patients are still tired when they are treated. We also found no studies that measured tired-out children or adults. We cannot be sure how tired children and young people are when they have been treated for cancer. We do not know how tired they are when their cancer is still in the blood. We have not been sure how much tired they get when they get home. We can not be sure if tired-iness is a problem for people with other types of cancer. The studies we found did not all report the same risk and side-effects, so it is not clear how tired people are. We judged the quality of the evidence to be weak. We need more research to find out how tired cancer patients can be when they receive treatment.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. The trials compared topical and systemic antibiotics (topical and systemic) versus no treatment. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics reduces the number of respiratory infections and death rates in adult patients receiving intensive care. There was no evidence that the combination of antibiotics reduced the risk of death. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
This review identified five studies that investigated the effects of educating nurses and their staff on preventing or using PR. Four of them examined nursing home nursing homes, one study looked at nursing home group dwelling units, and one study examined nursing care in a group of nursing home patients. Three of them looked at the use of PR in the nursing home. The studies were of low quality. One of the studies in the group of care home found that nursing staff were more likely to use PR than the control group. The other three found that nurses were less likely to be using PR than those in the control. The single small study in the single group of patients in the care home looked at PR use in the residents in the unit. The study found that the nursing staff in the study group were more willing to use a PR restraint than those who were not. The results of the five studies were not consistent. There is not enough evidence to support the use or lack of use of a PR in nursing home or group of home care.
We searched for evidence on 15 May 2016 and found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) during IVF/ICSI cycles (up to the day of oocyte retrieval) in 416 women. The evidence is current to May 2016. The trials compared gluc glucococortics with placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310 women). For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. One of the two studies gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. The studies were small and had few events, so we were unable to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. There was also insufficient evidence to determine if there was a difference between groups in clinical pregnancy rate. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorts in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF and ICSI cycles until the day after oocyte extraction is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There is insufficient evidence from randomised trials to determine the effect of glucocolorticoids on live birth. The results of this review suggest that if the chance of live births with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rates. There were no adverse effects of gluccorticolic administration. The review also suggests that if there is a chance of clinical pregnancy with placebo, the chance after treatment with glucoctocicoid supplements would be 23% to 47%. There
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five to 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo, standard- dose rhGH and high-dose rGH (0.5 mg/ kg/week). Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high dose levels. The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels, but there were no significant differences between the two groups. We also found improvement in height for all comparisons, but improvements in weight and muscle mass were only reported for standard- and high doses of rhGH. There is some evidence indicating a change in blood glucose levels with rh GH but this did not cross the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes in the trials of short duration. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of the number of people with diabetes. The significant change in the blood glucose level, although not causing diabetes, emphasizes the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to diabetes. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in this trial due to the small number of participants. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality-of-life. There were no differences in quality and quantity of exercise capacity between the trials. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. When compared with no treatment, rhGH is effective in improving the intermediate outcomes in height, weight, and lean muscle mass. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. The evidence is current to September
We included 26 studies with 1,695 workers. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to the agent, reducing exposure, or changing to a new job. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that reducing exposure may improve symptoms and lung function compared to continued exposure. The reduction of exposure may also improve asthma symptoms. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of workers. We found that the studies did not report on the effects on the health of workers who were not exposed to the agents. The results of the review may be improved for workers exposed to low molecular weight agents. However, the quality of evidence was very low. The risk of unemployment after removal from exposure may increase compared with reduction of exposed workers. Four studies reported a decrease in income of 20% to 50% after removal. The overall quality of this evidence was low.
This review included six trials with 1758 participants. The participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a median age of 73 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either non-erosive (e.g. reflux disease) or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial looked for people to stop taking PPI. There was low quality evidence that on- demand PPI use may lead to a lack of symptom control (elevation in symptoms) and a decrease in the use (per week) of PPI pills. There were no data to make a clear conclusion about the long-term effects of PPA discontinuation. There is low- to middle of-the road (or 'brief') evidence that people with mild GERD may have an increase in GI symptoms (eg., dyspepsia, regurgitate), and a lower pill use. The quality of the evidence was low or very low.
We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants) comparing the effects of these social skills training versus standard care, or a group of people with mental health problems. We found that people with Schizo's disease may have better social skills when they are given a course of social skills classes. We did not find any evidence that the social skills programs improve their relapse rate. We were able to combine the results of two studies, which showed that people who received social skills programmes had fewer relapses and were less likely to be admitted to hospital. People who received the social skill programmes also had better mental state and quality of life than those who received standard care. However, when social skills were compared to a discussion group, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality oflife, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. We rated the quality as very low for all outcomes. We also rated the evidence for the outcomes of relapse and rehospitalisation as very poor quality. We concluded that social skills may improve the social functioning of people who have schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very limited.
We found one study that compared pegloticase with placebo (a pretend drug) in 225 people (145 with tophospholipids) with topensia. The study was conducted in the USA and involved 225 people with tophi. The participants were randomised to one of three treatment groups: peglopicase infusion every two weeks (biweekly), monthly peglotics (pegloticases given alternating with placebo infusion every fortnight) and placebo. The results of the study showed that peglosis is probably beneficial in the management of tophi in gout, in terms of resolution of tophosis, but with a high risk of adverse infusion reactions. However, there is a need for more studies considering other treatments, including surgical removal of topinsia.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the treatment of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria. The review found that oral immunosuppressants (IgG or IgG+Ig) given to newborns did not reduce the risk of NEC, but did not prevent NEC. There were no studies on IgG/IG/IgA alone.
This review of five randomised controlled trials found that postoperative platinum-based combination therapy may be an effective treatment for women with early-stage breast cancer. It is an effective therapy in terms of survival, reducing the risk of progression-free and overall survival. Chemotherapies given after hysterectomy and radiotherapy may be more effective than radiotherapy alone. Chemotherapy may also be an alternative to radiotherapy when used with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. The studies covered a range of digital targeted clients' messages, for example reminders, prenatal health advice, support for smoking quit, or general health advice. Some of the studies asked what people felt they would like, and some were more of a "pondent" type, which means that they were not really asking what people would like. Some clients' views of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these types programs gave them a sense of support, as they felt that they had been taken care of, and that they felt someone was taking the time to send them a text or email. They also shared the text or e mail with their friends and family. Some people had poor or no phone, and they had lost or broken their phone, or had had a change in their phone number. Some, especially young people, had their access to their own phones, and others had their own phone numbers and phone numbers used by others. The cost of the text and e mail could be a problem, as some people thought that the text, e.g., short message service, or voice response, should be free. Some had language issues, and skills in reading, writing, and using their own smart phone. Clients with health problems, such as HIV, were also worried that their messages might be used to send messages to people who knew who sent them the message. Cl clients with stigmatised or other health problems such as family or sexual health issues, or abortion care, were worried that the messages might have been sent by people who did not know who sent the message, and people with these health problems were also concerned that they might be sent the wrong message. Some users of the mobile phone had poor access, and the cost of using the phone could be an issue. Clanners should take
This review of trials found that methadone is as effective as other medications for the treatment of heroin use, but that it is not as good as other drugs. The review found that slow taper of the use of opioids, with a short-term substitute of long-term opioids, can help people to stop using heroin.
This review of trials found that heavy sedation is more effective than light sedation in terms of stopping the withdrawal of opioid-addressing drugs. The level of sedation does, however, not affect the amount of time that people stay in the hospital and the length of time they are in the drug-free period. There is a higher risk of side-effects with the use of this form. The high cost of the drugs used in the studies, both in money terms, and the use in the study of scarce intensive care time, suggests that this form of drug-dissolving treatment should be avoided. The review found that the risk of death from drug-related causes is higher with the drug use.
This review included fourteen studies. The studies lasted from 10 days to three months. The review found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, there was no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between the two groups. However, there is some evidence that the effects of this drug may be more pronounced in the short term. The drug may cause movement disorders, but it does cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. The treatments can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent (hydroquinone), a cream (hydrocobalamin), a triple cream (triple cream, t retinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone), and a cream with two other treatments (hydroxyquinone cream, glycolic acid peels), as well as less common treatments (rucinol, vitamin C, and Thiospot) and skin-lusting complex (Gigawhite). The studies were of poor quality. The most common side-effects were mild, such as skin irritants (e.g., skin bleeds), skin reactions (elevations in red blood cells), and stings.
This review of trials found that 5-FU injections can reduce the risk of surgical failure and eye pressure in people having trabecuectomies. However, the small but significant reduction in the risk was seen in eyes at high- risk of failure, and in those having traceryclic trabecaectomy. The risk of intraoperable eye pressure (intraocular pressure) was also reduced. No surgical failure was found in the low- and high-dose 5-FU injection group. No difference was found for the low dose 5-Ufos group. The quality of the trials was not high, and the number of patients in the trials varied. The trials did, however, report on the patients' views of care. The results of this review should be viewed with some trepidation. The small but beneficial effect of 5-LUf injections on the risk for surgical failure must be weighed with the risk that 5 more patients would need to be treated for this treatment. The number of complications was not increased. The evidence for the use 5-Lufos for the combined surgery and low-dose 6-LUFos was found to be very low, and for the addition of 5FU to the combined operation was very low. The combined surgery group was not large enough to detect any surgical failures and the sample size was small. The low-FU group was small and the low doses of 5lufos were not well described. The review found that postoperative injections of 5fluorocarbon are now rarely used as part of routine packages of postoperative care but are increasingly used on an ad hoc basis. This presumably reflects an aspect of the treatment that is unacceptable to both patients and doctors. None of the included trials reported on the participants' perspective of care, which constitutes a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this.
This review of trials found that inhaled steroids may reduce the rate of flare-ups and the rate that people need to be treated for COPD. However, the use of inhaled corticostimulants (ICS) may also have side-effects. There was no evidence that ICS had a major effect on the rate at which people die. There were no major side- effects. There is a need for more research to look at the long- and short- term side-side effects.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two non-specific COX-2-specific) versus either a fake medicine, par acetaminophen (a fake medicine), paracitriptyline (a real medicine), or each of the other NSAIDs. The trials were carried- out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the UK and the USA. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo (35 trials, 53 women). This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. However, NSAIDs are associated with more side effects (overall side effects: 25 trials, 25 women taking NSAID, 25 side effects per 1000 women; gastrointestinal side effects; neurological side effects): 7 trials, 7 women taking a placebo, 7 side effects, 7 people taking NSAIDS, and 7 people on a fake medication (three trials, 3 women taking paracetamol, 3 people taking a fake medicines). The evidence suggests that NSAID use is associated with a substantial risk of side effects. The quality of the evidence was low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%), a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment for dysmenorrhoea, though women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk for side effects that they may cause. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmen orrhoeas.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 adult patients) in 2417 patients. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that high levels of ventilation did not reduce the risk of death before hospital discharge. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the two groups. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels PEEP. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity. We identified seven studies, which were of variable quality. We assessed mortality occurring before hospital admission as the main outcome. We also assessed the risk for death occurring before discharge from the ICUs as the secondary outcome. The review found that the risk was similar in the two high- and low-level groups. The data also showed that high-level PEEP produced no significant differences in the risk from barotrauma, but rather improved oxygenation to the first, third, and seventh days. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the previous review (2010) and 23 new studies. The evidence is current to August 2013. Fifteen studies were excluded from the original review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for renal replacement therapy (RRT) in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies and the number with author-defined kidney failure. The risk of AKI based on RIFle-F (failure) criteria also showed an increased risk of kidney failure in individuals treated HES products. The RIFL-R (risk) based RIFLET-R criteria for AKI was in contrast in favour of HES therapies. However, when RIFLe-R urine output based outcomes were excluded as per study protocol, the direction of AKIs was again favoured the other fluid type, with a non-significant RR of AK I in HES-treated patients. A more robust effect was seen for the RIF LE-I outcome, with an RR of 1.22 (95% CI 1.08 to 1.37) in HUS treated patients. No differences between subgroups for the outcomes were seen between sepsis versus non-sepsis patients, high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low MW and DS (≥ 200 kDa and > 0.4 DS versus 130 kDa or 0.2 DS) HES solutions, or high versus low dose treatments (i.e. ≥ 2 L versus < 2 L). There were differences identified between seensis versus other subgroups in the RifLE-R and RIFlet-I based outcomes only, which may reflect the differing renal response to fluid resuscitation in pre-renal versus se
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made a comparison with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor. The review found that Rheam officinare had a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD. However, no significant difference was found between Rheaum officinane and captoprial for any outcome. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rhearm officinune. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015.
We searched for studies that compared IQCODE with other tests of memory and thinking, or with a specialist memory test. We found 13 papers, representing a total of 2745 people, with a mean age of 65 years. We included studies that assessed the accuracy of IQCode in people with dementia. We also included studies which assessed the language of administration of the test. The IQCDE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. The language of the questionnaire did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool. The quality of the included studies was not high, and the results of the studies were not consistent. There was significant heterogeneity in the included papers, including a highly varied prevalence of dementia (10.5% to 87.4%). Across the included trials, there was substantial potential for bias, particularly around the way in which participants were selected, and selection criteria, which may limit generalisability. There is also evidence of suboptimal reporting, particularly in terms of disease severity and how the studies dealt with indeterminate results, which are important if considering use in clinical practice.
We included three studies in this review, involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient treatment for spasticity in people with stroke. Rehabilitative programmes were compared with a neuroeducation or cognitive-behaving treatment, or with a different type of treatment. Rehability programmes were assessed in a range of settings, and all three studies were of 'low' quality. The studies were small, and the results were imprecise. There was 'low level' evidence that mCIMT improved arm motor function and spasticities in people who had a stroke, up to three months after the stroke, and'very low quality evidence that dynamic elbow splinting and occupational therapy reduced elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. There is no evidence that task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) improves arm function more than task practice therapies alone. No studies addressed interventions in children and those with lower limb spasticia, or after other focal intramuscular treatments for spasticsity. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) and intensity of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults and children with post-stroke spasticy, in the short and longer term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area.
This review identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 patients, that compared the long-term treatment of patients with HBV after transplant with either lamvudine or HBIg or HBDG. Two of the four trials (136 patients) were randomised, and two trials (137 patients) compared lamivudine alone versus HBIG alone. The other two trials compared combination treatment with lamivudiine and HBIbg versus lamivuda and HBDg alone after one month of combination treatment, and a fourth trial (136 participants) compared the combination of lamivudoine and HBV vaccine versus a combination of HBId and lamivuudine and adefovir dipivoxil after at least 12-month of lamvudoine plus HBIhB. The trials were of poor quality and were not adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large randomised trial trials comparing long-lasting combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone, including the newer antiviral drugs, are needed.
This review of trials found that suphonylurea with insulin did not lead to better control of blood glucose (at three months, 12 months and 30 months) than insulin alone. In addition, there was evidence that suphosphonate (with or without metformin) gave poorer metabolic control compared to insulin alone (mean difference in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) from baseline to end of study, for insulin compared to oral therapy: -1.3% (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.4 to -0.1; P = 0.03, 160 participants, four studies, follow-up/duration of therapy: 12, 30, 36 and 60 months; however, heterogeneity was considerable). In addition to this, there were some studies showing that suphyroxine caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at two years was 30% in the suphonate group compared to 5% in conventional care group). The proportion of patients classified as insulin dependent was 64% in both the suphyrexate group and 12.5% in insulin alone group. No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide levels, but insulin maintained stimulated C-measured by fasting CPE levels better than suphylactic insulin. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. In a five year follow- up of GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide), improvements in fasting and stimulated Cpeptides levels were maintained after five years. One trial using vitamin D (20 μg) showed steady fasting Cpeptic levels in the vitamin D group but declining fasting C peptide in the insulin alone groups at 12 months follow-ups. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) that compared social norms interventions with no social norms for preventing misuse of alcohol in a group (students with a general diagnosis of binge drinking) of college/universite students. We found that no substantive meaningful benefits were found. We have found that the effects of the social norms programs are too small, and the effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, to be of any use for public health. The results of this review are not of relevance for the prevention of misuse of drugs and other alcohol-using activities in the workplace.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence is current to September 2016. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of the same. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) evaluated the provision (with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions to functional activities) of hip protection with or without restrictions to activities of daily living. There was no evidence that hip precautions with or with the addition (or without the use of equipment) of postoperative equipment or restrictions to activity of daily life improved function or health-related quality of life at 12 months follow-up. The quality of evidence was very low. We are uncertain if hip precautions are effective in preventing hip dislocations and improving outcomes after THA, and we are uncertain whether hip precautions without the need for restrictions to daily activities are effective. One small study (146 participants) investigated the provision a postoperative education and rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL versus a conventional rehabilitation intervention in the community. We were uncertain if the provision improved function at six months follow up, when assessed using the Objective and Subjective Functional Capability Index (a tool to measure functional ability) compared to conventional rehabilitation. The trial did not assess pain score or quality of the life of participants. The results of this study were inconclusive. The review found no evidence to support or refute the use or rejection of a postoperatively-based rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and rehabilitation. There is insufficient evidence to recommend the use and implementation of a community rehabilitation programme. Further high-quality trials are warranted to assess the outcomes of different occupational therapy interventions both in the short and longer
This review found three randomised controlled trials that compared LNG-IUD use with no LNG to see if it reduced the risk of the recurrences. The trials were of good quality but there was not enough evidence to be sure that LNG was better than no Lng. The LNG did, on the other hand, show that it was more likely to be used for pain relief.
We included 24 studies, with a total of 17,967 participants. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (14/24), with adult participants (17/24) and used between-participants designs (19/24). All studies were conducted mainly in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The evidence is current to September 2015. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, we found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s). For consumption outcomes, the evidence was of moderate certainty. For consumption outcome, we were uncertain about the effect of fewer options, but the certainty of the evidence for consumption was low or very low. For the other outcomes, only one study with one comparison was identified, which found that food placed farther away resulted in moderate reduction in its consumption. For other outcomes we were very uncertain about whether the effect was greater when the product was placed farther from the participants, when only the targeted product(s) was available, when participants were of low deprivation status, and when the study was at high risk of bias. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the certainty and applicability of this evidence is low or low. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, intervening across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco products - and over sustained time periods.
We searched for studies that compared the effect of PEP to placebo (a pretend drug) or to no treatment on HIV-infected people. We found one study that compared PEP with no treatment. The study was conducted in the United States, and the number of participants was small. The results of the study showed that PEP was not effective in preventing HIV seroconversion. However, it was not possible to detect a difference in the rates of people who stopped taking the drug after exposure to HIV. The use of Pep is based on limited evidence of effect. There is no evidence to support the use of multi-drug antiretroviral regimens following occupational exposure to the virus. However due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV- infected individuals, a combination of antirerviral drugs should be used for PEP. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that Pep does not prevent HIV serconversion.
This review of trials found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, mood, and catastrophising, but not on pain or mood, when compared with active controls. CBT is also effective in improving mood, but the effects of CBT on pain are weak. CBTs have no effect on mood, although they have a small effect on the condition. CBBT but not behaviour therapy has small effects on disability associated with chronic pain, with some maintenance at six months. CBt is effective in altering mood and catastrophicising outcomes, when comparing with treatment as usual/waiting list, with a small positive effect on disability and catastrocising, and some evidence that this is maintained at six month. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood.
We searched for studies that compared population-level interventions to target groups (e.g. education, place of residence, health promotion, or food procurement policy) to reduce salt intake in the diets of people in the general public. We found 15 national interventions, including more than 260,000 people, that met our inclusion criteria. None of the interventions were in low- or middle-middle-middle countries. We included 10 of these in the review. We could combine the results of these 10 studies, and we found 10 studies that provided enough data for us, with 64,798 people. Five of these showed a decrease in salt intake per day (1.15 grams/day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams/ day less (Ireland). Two showed a mean increase (1 grams/daily more per person) in salt consumption from pre-intervention to post-interventions (Canada and Switzerland). However, in both countries the pre-time point was several years prior to the initiation of the intervention. The remaining five showed no significant change. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated interventions of a structural nature (eg. food product reformulation, food procurement policies in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a statistically significant mean decrease in average daily salt intake from preintervention (four showed a reduction in salt from Finland to Ireland, and one showed a significant increase in salt in Switzerland). Nine of the 15 studies provided data for analysis (nine of which were conducted in men and women separately). For women, three initiatives (three showed a significantly lower average salt intake, four (Austria, China, Finland, France, United Kingdom) showed no change and two (Canada, United States) showed a large increase in average salt consumption. Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in average mean salt intake occurred by other axes of equity (e-g. the PROGRESS framework, which aims to improve the
We searched for studies that compared medicines to placebo (a fake medicine) or to no treatment in people with sleep-bruxist sleep. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. All studies had a small number (seven to 16) of people, and all had a cross-over (where people were given one treatment and then swapped to the next) design. Three of the studies were of low risk (low) risk (i) of bias, while four were of unclear (high) risk. The drugs were bromocriptine, clonidopa, levodopropran, propran and tryptophan. We combined the results of the seven studies for each of the drugs according to the following findings: 1. bromocyriptine compared with a fake medicine (fake medicine); 2. clonide versus a fake medication; 3. bruocriptines compared with placebo; 4. levodopa compared with fake medicine; 5. L-tryptophan compared with dummy medicine; 6. levidopa versus placebo; 7. propranolol versus placebo. The results for most comparisons were uncertain because of statistical imprecision. One study reported that clonidine reduced rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and increased the second stage of sleep. However, results for other sleep-related outcomes with clonazine were uncertain. Adverse effects were frequent in people who took amitriptyline (5/10 had drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia compared with 0/10 in the placebo group), as well as in people receiving propranool (7/16 had moderate-to-severe xerstomia (a condition in which causes the eyes to become red and swollen compared with 2/16 in the dummy medicine group). Clonidine was associated with prolonged morning hypotension in three of 16 participants. The
We searched for studies that compared the effects of immunonutrition with omega 3 or omega 3- fatty acids and/or antioxidants in people with ARDS. We found 10 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included 10 studies with 1015 people. All studies compared an enteral formula (a food or drink containing extra fatty acids) or supplements of these fatty acids (e.g., eicosapentaenoic acid (e), docosa heath enzymes), gamma-linoleic acid, and antioxidants). We found that the effects on death were not different with the use of an ental formula or supplements. We are also unsure of the effects that immunonutrient supplements have. We also are not sure if the use or lack of use of immunonutsensors (eicosapsentaenoics) or additional supplements (ei.g. gamma-l-glaenol) improves the length of stay on the ventilator, the time spent in the ICU, or the time that people are on the ICUs. We do not know if the effects are harmful. We were uncertain of the effect of the supplements on the risk of death. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect on the number of adverse events. We rated the quality of the studies as low or very low, as the studies were of poor quality. We assessed some of the trials as being at high risk of bias, which means they may have been at risk of making the wrong conclusions because of flaws in their methods.
We found 33 studies that compared different methods of asking questions. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with different designs, and with a wide range of outcomes. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs being detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between the two methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of the question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. There is a risk for under-detection of AEtakings in studies using a more specific approach to asking questions compared to those using a comprehensive approach. This under-under-detention could compromise ability to pool AE data. However the impact on the nature and severity of the AE detected by different methods is unclear. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. The authors of this review suggest that future studies would be improved by using and reporting clear definitions and terminology for AEs (and other important variables), frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, coded, and tabulated/reported.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of nocturnal supervision with the use of other treatments to prevent SUDE. We found one study that compared nocturnal supervision with nocturary supervision in 154 people with SUDE, and 616 people with no SUDE; the study was of a case-control design. The study found that noctular sedation had a protective effect for the presence of noxturary surveillance, and when a supervising and non- supervising person slept in the same room, or when a special device, for example, was used. This effect was found when the supervising people were not in the room at the same time, and the control group was not. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of noCTurary monitoring on the risk of death or hospital admissions. We could not find studies that assessed the effect on the number of deaths, changes to anxiety, depression, and quality-life, or the need for hospital admission. We assessed 17 full- text papers as of high quality. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low. We identified 15 studies, but eight of these did not assess the effects on the prevention of SUDE and two did not measure the risk factors for SUDE (elevation of the seizure). We found no studies that measured the risk for SUDEP. We are uncertain whether noctular surveillance is a preventative treatment for people with epilepsy. We also found no study that assessed whether it is a preventive treatment. We cannot be sure that the use or use of seizure-preventing treatments are safe. We need more research to find out if there are other treatments, such as seizure-receptors, pillows, early surgical assessment, early treatment, and opiate and adenosine antagonists.
The review included seven studies with 208 participants. The studies were of variable length and design and involved a wide range of people with cystic fibrotic disease. Six studies enrolled people who were stable, whilst one study enrolled people with an infective flare up. The age of people in the studies ranged from 7 to 63. The average age of the people in these studies was 63.5 years. The majority of the studies were conducted in the USA and one study in Australia. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. The review's primary outcome, forced expiratory volume in one second, was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies; only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing active cycle of breathing techniques, but not with autogenic ventilation. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the six studies used mid peak expirator flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. Six out of the included studies reported sputum weight. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic drain was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion. From the studies assessed, autogenic drains were not found to be superior to any other form of airway clearing technique. Larger studies are required to better evaluate autogenic flow in comparison to other airway cleansing techniques in view of the relatively small number of participants in this review and the
This review found that psychological therapies, based on CBT, are effective in the short-term in treating GAD. Psychological therapies are more effective than T-T and WL, and are also more successful than TAU/WL, in reducing the symptoms of GAD, anxiety, and worry. No studies have compared CBT with TAU and W-lung. Six of the studies compared CBBT against supportive therapy (non-directive therapy and attention-placebo conditions). No significant difference in clinical response was indicated between CBT and supportive therapy at post-treatment. The body of evidence comparing CBT versus other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating people with GAD and to inform GAD care.
This review of trials found that women who had had three consecutive miscarces and were then given progestogen therapy may be less prone to having a further pregnancy. The trials were a mix of trials from India, the UK, the US, and the UK. The evidence is up- to- date as of May 2014. The review found that there may be a small benefit for women who have had three or more consecutive miscarriages and who are taking progestogens. There was no clear difference between groups for miscarriage. None of the trials reported on any other important outcomes for women, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. There may be little or no difference in the rate of low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to special care units. The quality of the evidence was moderate for live birth rate and very low for preterm birth. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 14 studies with 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) that compared MIB versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. The evidence is current to January 2017. The included studies were of moderate quality. The studies did not often report on outcomes for the mother or her baby. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at delivery, or low birth weight. However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test at the start of treatment) in any psychosolic intervention group compared to control. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psycho-bupropion, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However few studies evaluated outcomes for mothers and their babies, and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect of psychological interventions on these outcomes. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate psychosological modalities of treatment in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach may be more effective in reducing short- and long-term adverse events (NACE) (4 studies; 4,133 participants), cardiac death (11 studies; 11,170 participants), and myocardial infarction (11 trials; 19,430 participants). However, short-term myocardia infarct was similar between both groups (11 trial; 19:430 participants) and bleeding was similar (20 trials; 23,043 participants). The transradary approach had a lower procedural success rate (28 studies; 25,920 participants), but was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality (10 studies; 18,955 participants), bleeding, and access site complications (24 studies; 16,112 participants). Transradial approaches may reduce short- term NACE, cardiac death, all- cause mortality, bleeding, bleeding and access sites complications. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-lasting clinical outcomes (i.e. beyond 30 days of follow-up).
We searched for studies that compared palliative care interventions to other types of care. We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria. One study (99 participants) evaluated the effect of palliation for dying people with advanced dementia who were in the hospital for an acute illness. The other (256 people) assessed the effect on end-of-life care of a pneuma-care team (a group of people who are not in the care home) for people with dementia. The two studies were at high risk of bias, in part due to the small number of people in the studies, and in part as a result of the small size of the studies. The studies did, however, have a high risk for bias, which means we are not sure how the studies were carried out. The pneum-care group was more than twice as likely to be given pneumatoid and palliatives care on discharge from hospital. The study did not find that pneumatic ventilation or resuscitation was better in people with this group. The decision aid was more likely to help people with Alzheimer's to decide whether to receive a palliate care plan and to discuss their end- of-life feeding options with a clinician. The evidence was of very low certainty. The reason for this was that the studies did not measure the same outcomes and the studies measured different outcomes. The results of this review are based on only two small studies, which were at a high level of risk of random error. The certainty of the evidence was very low. There is not enough evidence to assess the effect and there is a need for more high quality research in this area.
This review of three well-conducted randomised trials suggests that different ways of sequencing adjuaddition to surgery do not seem to be any more or less likely to have a major effect on recurrences or deaths. There were no significant effects of the different ways on local or overall survival, relapse-free and metastasis free survival. There was no difference in the risk of side-effects.
We searched for evidence on 7 February 2016 and found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three RCTS compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance and weight training, and the other RCT was CrP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses of CrPs with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We concluded that there is no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of Crp supplements in overweight or obese adults.
We found eleven studies with a total of 886 participants. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a range (different) surgical wounds healing by second-wound care. The evidence is current to September 2014. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. There were some evidence of some evidence that zinc oxide cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. One of the studies reported that sucralfate cream increased wound healing compared to petrolatum. The study also reported lower wound pain scores in the sucralmate group. There is moderate quality evidence that more open wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed when treated with a honey-soaked gauze compared with a EUSOL-soak gauze over three weeks' follow-up. There may be some evidence to support the use of Dermacym®-treated post-operative foot wounds in people with diabetes healed compared to those treated with iodine. Again, this evidence was from one small study with 40 participants. There are no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small participant numbers and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique changes in the amniotomy and CVS. Three of these were for amnioctesis (three studies), two for CVS (two) - ter butaline to colysis (three) and use of a vacuum aspirate (two). The other three were for ter buttea tocolysis and continuous vacuum aspiration (two studies). The quality of the evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses, four were randomised trials (437 people) and three were non-RCTs (1181 people) with a mean age of 18 to 35.5 years. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower-middle country (Bangladesh), and three studies were from a high-income country (Canada). Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. Three studies included maize flour fortified alone or in combination with other nutrients. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. In one non-randomised trial, women consuming maize flour fortified with folate and other microns were less likely to have a baby with brain injury (total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele) compared to women consuming unfortified flour. In two non-rCTs, serum folicate concentrations were higher among women who consumed flour fortified and other nutrients compared to those who consumed unfortification of maize flour. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination for attrition and contamination. The quality of the studies was low to very low. The main limitations of the included the small number of studies and participants, and the small sample sizes.
We found six trials. Two trials involving 1,124.483 newborn infants (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The trials were of variable design and measured different outcomes. The results of the trials suggest that screening is more likely to improve lung function in newborn infants with CF than not screening. Severe malnutrition was less common among screened participants. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters within normal limits of at least 89% predicted. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were better among screened infants; 33% of screening versus 50% of control participants had better chest X-ray scores over five and 24% of the screened versus 45% of participants had Brasfield chest X test scores under 21. Over time, chest radiographs showed that chest X tests were worse in screened infants. In screened infants colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa occurred earlier. The evidence suggests that screening through screening is less expensive than traditional diagnosis. Nutritional benefits are apparent. Screening provides potential for better pulmonary outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 people with high blood pressure. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and Japan. The average age of participants was over 60 years. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The evidence is current to January 2015. The main outcomes were death, stroke, heart attack, heart failure, myocardial infarction, kidney failure and death from any cause. The only significant benefit in the group assigned to 'lower' systolic blood pressure target was a reduction in the incidence of stroke. Despite achieving a lower blood pressure (119.3/64.4 mmHg vs 133.5/70.5 mmHG) and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant difference in the number of deaths was a trend towards lower non-cardiovascular deaths in the 'lower lower blood pressures group. There was no difference in stroke, my heart attack or heart failure in the people assigned to the'lower' target. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse events were not reported in any of the trials. A sensitivity analysis of trials comparing DBP targets < 80 mmH g (as suggested in clinical guidelines) versus < 90 mmH G showed similar results. There was a high risk of selection bias for every outcome analyzed in favor of the 'upper' target in the trials included for the analysis of DBP target. At the present time, evidence from randomized trials does not support blood pressure targets lower than the standard blood pressure in people with elevated blood pressure and diabetes. More randomized controlled studies are needed, with future trials reporting total deaths, total serious side effects as well as cardiovascular and renal events.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in the treatment of plantar foot ulcers in people with type 2 diabetes. The review found evidence that non non-reactive casts, when used with a tendon lengthening device, are more likely to be successful than non-resistance casts, or dressings.
We searched for studies that compared cognitive training with no intervention, cognitive therapy, or other treatments for cognitive function in people with cancer. We found five studies, which included 235 people. Two studies (n = 100) compared computer-based cognitive training to a wait-list control. Two (n/a) studies (95 people) compared a computer-assisted (i) with a wait list (i), and two (n / a), compared to a control (e) with no treatment. One (n°1) of the five studies (19) was of a physical exercise training program. One of the studies (47 people), which was a meditation program, was a computer program that taught people to think in a specific way. The other studies (inn = 47) tested a computerised strategy-based training program that was designed to help people to use their mind to think more clearly. The studies were of low- to very-high-risk of bias. We were able to combine the results of two of the three studies (96 people) and found that cognitive training improved cognitive function, memory, and mental well-being immediately after the intervention. Compensatory strategy training did not improve cognitive function immediately or on mental well being two months after the end of the intervention, but it improved cognitive ability and spiritual quality of life. The evidence for the effects of cognitive training on cognitive function and mental health was of low quality. We assessed the evidence for lower mental well well-ness immediately after treatment as being of low or very low quality and this evidence was rated as being low quality, so findings should be interpreted with caution. We need more research to determine whether cognitive training or meditation can improve cognitive impairment in people who have cancer. There is also a need to conduct research into cognitive impairment among people with other than women with breast cancer.
We found six trials, all from the 1970s, involving 343 participants. The trials were of very low quality. The overall methodology of the trials was poor and the reporting of the data was poor. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may be similar in terms of global state of health, but there was no clear difference in the effects of chlor prompromazole and p Piperacetazine. In terms, the results of the studies showed that there was little or no clear evidence that chlor promazole was better than p Piper acetane. Ch chlor promazine was no worse or worse than piperape. In both groups, around one third (74) of people in the p Piper-acetane group reported some side effects, with around 40 people in each group having parkmanist-type movement disorder. No clear difference was found in the numbers of people who left the study early. No trial reported on the effects on adverse symptoms, costs, or negative effects. We found no good- quality research comparing chlor promamazole and pentagramtine. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. More high- quality trials are needed.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The trials compared the use of colorectal stents with either an open stent (stent placed in the colon) or an open surgical procedure (stents placed in a small space in the bowel). The trials were of poor quality. The use of stents was found to be as safe as the open stents. The stent was successful for 86.02%, but there was no difference in the number of deaths or the number or complications. The colorection was better in the open surgery group. The time to complete the stent procedure was shorter in the stents group. There was no clear difference in complication rate. The average time of clinical relief of colostomies was 0.66 day in the colic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group, the stenting was successful in 86.2% of attempted stent placements. There were no differences in the 30-day mortality between the two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. There is no difference between the stented and open stented groups in terms of the number and complications. There are no differences between the groups in the proportion of stent placement complications. However, the use colorestal stent seems to be safe in the malignant coloreCTal obstruction as the emergency stent with no difference on the number, complications or mortality. The advantages of colorctal colorectoral stenting are shorter hospital stay and procedure time and less blood loss. However the trials were poorly designed and the sample size was small. Further trials with bigger sample size and well defined trial design are needed to achieve the robust evidence.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1867 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials compared three different plasma expanders (human albumin, human heparin and mannitol) with placebo or no treatment. The review found that human albumin reduced OHSS rates, but the evidence was of very low to moderate quality. There was no evidence that human heperin or mannitor had any influence on pregnancy rates. There were no data on live birth rates. The results of the trials were inconclusive. The main limitations of the evidence were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. The findings of this review suggest that the plasma expander (humanalbumin, HES and mananitol) reduce rates of moderate and severe OHSS in women at high risk. However, there was no clear evidence that HES or mananitor had an effect on pregnancy. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. The quality of the available evidence was very low. The included trials were of low to very low quality. The overall quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of trials and the small numbers of women included in the trials.
This review of 10 studies involving 484 patients found no evidence to suggest that one sclerosant was better than any other. However, there was some evidence that polidocanol (a liquid that dissolves blood clots) was more likely to be more painful than a normal (non-salt) saline (less than 1% saline) and sodium tetradecyl sulfate (a substance that dissolving blood clams) at a concentration of 1% compared with polidOCanol at 0.5%. There was some information suggesting that sodium tributadecyl (STS) was also more painful at a higher concentration than polidocoil (a drug that dissacts blood clays). There was no evidence that any one soliciting agent was better or worse than another. There was also no evidence suggesting that any of the sclerosing agents was better at reducing the number of adverse reactions than placebo. There were no data on patient satisfaction. The quality of the evidence was poor. More research is needed to determine the best sclerotherapy for the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs.
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were of variable quality. The main outcomes were death, heart attacks and cardiac arrhythmias. The drugs studied were salbutamol, insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline. Salbutamole administered via either a nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. The peak effect of 10 mg nebulised salbutamic acid was seen at 120 minutes and at 90 minutes for 20 mg nebulaised sal butamol. One study reported 1.2 mg salbutamyol via MDI 1.5 mg produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes. Intravenous (IV) and nebulized salbutamate produced comparable effects. Insulin-dexrose was more effective than bicarbate and was more than bicaarbonate at 60 and 90 minutes. Insulins (bicarbonates) and aminsophyllines (resins) were not studied in any placebo-controlled studies. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. The effectiveness of potassium binding resin and IV calcium salts has not been tested in randomised controlled trials. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of hyperKalaemia is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes. Of the studied agents, salbut amol via any route and IV insulin-decrease appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as IV sodium biccarbonate or aminopylline, and further study is needed before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We searched for studies that compared antimicrobial lock solutions (both antimiotic (antibiotic) and non-antibiotics) with the use of a standard sealer (heparin) of the CVC. We found 39 studies, enrolling 4216 patients. The studies were of low or unclear risk-of-bogus design, and the quality of the studies was low. The evidence is up- to- date as of August 2014. Antimicrobial lock solution probably reduces the incidence of CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however antimicrobial (antimicrobial) lock solutions probably make little or no difference to the risk of thrombosis per 1000 days (14 studies: very low certainty). The combination of antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions showed that both probably reduced CRI and risk of Cri and thromboembosis per 100 catheter days (13 studies: 47% certainty evidence). The effect on the incidence is uncertain for all antimicrobial and non antimicrobial locking solutions. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the evidence were the small number of studies and the small numbers of patients included in the studies. Therefore, we cannot be certain that the results are reliable. More studies are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimicrobial or non- antimicrobial locks.
We identified 15 studies (1098 participants) that compared the effects of pre-emptive treatment with either no pre-treatment, antivirals (antivirals are drugs that prevent viral infection) or antiviral drugs (drugs that prevent the spread of CMV) to treat CMV disease in solid organ transplant recipients. The studies were of low risk of bias. Pre-temptive pre-treatment with antivirally-active drugs (pre-emptives), when CMV has already been present, is more likely to prevent CMV-related death than standard care. Preemptive therapy is also more likely than standard treatment to reduce the risk of CMVs (6 studies, 288 patients). Pre-emptivative pre-management of CM virus disease did not reduce the rate of acute rejections (3 studies), graft loss (3) or death (3), or the risk (3%) of CMv disease (3). Preemptivatives did not differ significantly in the risk for all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. Preventive therapy did not cause any serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The evidence is current to January 2015.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabetes. These trials involved 140 people. The trials lasted from six weeks to five months. All three studies were performed by the same study-maker. The studies were conducted in the same country and all were funded by the company that makes the sweet potato. The results of the trials were not consistent. The main results of these trials were that the glycosylated HbA1c (Hb-A) (HBA) was lower in people who had 4 g/d of 4 g of 4-oz/day sweet potato preparation compared to people who received a placebo (a pretend treatment). The studies did not report any serious side effects. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is insufficient evidence about the use of sweet potatoes for type 2 diabetic mellitus. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations - including other varieties of sweet Potato - need to be addressed. Further observational trials and RCTs evaluating the effects on glycogenicity are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice.
We searched for studies that compared the active cycle of breathing techniques with other treatments, such as autogenetics (where air is pumped out of the lungs through a balloon), airway swaddling, high-speed chest compressors, or positive expiratory pressure (where the airway pressure is increased by applying pressure to the chest). We found 19 studies, with 439 participants, that compared active cycle breathing techniques to other treatments. Five studies compared the breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiral pressure. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the included studies blinded participants or the personnel applying the treatments. However most of the trials reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. Five of the 19 studies were of cross-over design, which means that participants and the people assessing the outcomes were aware of which treatment they were receiving. The 14 remaining studies were cross-overs, which meant that participants knew which treatment group they were in. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The average age of participants ranged between six and 63 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The results of the review showed that the active cycles of breathing technique was comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of
The review of trials found that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes (co-incubsation) may improve the ongoing and clinical pregnancy rate for infertile infertil women in the IVF cycle. The review found that there was low- to very- low- quality research that suggested that brief-co-insection may be more likely to improve the chances of live birth, ongoing pregnancy, and clinical birth rate than the standard insemination protocol. There was no evidence that brief inseming of sperm or oocyte during the night time was associated with a higher risk of a live birth.
This review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, found that infants born with poor lung function and who were ventilated with a long (long) IT had an increase in the risk of air leaks. Long-term follow-up was not shown to be an important risk factor for BPD. Long ITs were also linked to a higher risk of death. Long term follow- up was not found to be a risk factor in newborns with meconium aspiration or heart disease.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The studies were of low methodological quality. There is a large variety in the ways the intervention is performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFU), the TFUs themselves, the way the TFUS was performed, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Of the eight meta-analyses in this review, five showed considerable statistical heterogeneity. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. The low methodological and patient-centred nature of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We identified 38 relevant trials. These trials were conducted in different countries, countries, healthcare and community settings. The trials evaluated six broad strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, messages, letters, emails, telephone reminders, a new form of questionnaire, case-handling, and a package of letters, e-mail and reminder letters. The evidence is up-to- date as of September 2014. The review found that incentives and offers of monetary incentives increased the number of people who responded to postal and electronic questionnaire response. There was no evidence that the addition of a non-monetary incentive, an offer of a 'non-mon monetary incentive', or a questionnaire question order increased or decreased the number who responded. There were no good evidence that a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. There is some evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires. However, the evidence for this finding is unclear. There are few evaluations of ways to improve participants returning to trial sites for trial follow-up. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated questionnaire response, which is a measure of whether people are still participating in the trial. There may be some benefits of using incentives, e.g. charity donations, sending reminders to trial site and when a questionnaire is sent. However the results of single trials are based on single trials and the effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations and sending reminders may need further evaluation. Case management and behavioural strategies used for trial retention may also warrant further evaluation, as they may be more effective than other strategies.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants. We found no significant differences between devices in relation to the main outcome: the failure to provide adequate airway support. We are not sure whether the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway is more or less likely to fail to provide sufficient airway assistance. We did find that the ProLaryngeaLMA may be more likely to make a good fit for the nose, and that it may be quicker to fit. We were not sure if the ProLSM was more or more likely than cLSM to cause any serious adverse events. We could not tell if the proLMA was more effective in terms of preventing obstruction related to the device. We also could not be sure whether there were any differences between the devices in terms to prevent postoperative nausea and vomiting. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. This was mainly due to issues related to blinding and imprecision.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) with 1453 children. The studies were conducted in eight countries, with a mean age of 6.3 years. The mean age at the start (when the children were recruited) was 6.5 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. The children were aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from gastroenterology clinics. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. The trials were conducted between 1990 and 2013. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience a reduction in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we found that there was no reduction in the pain intensity of children treated in the probiotics group. We also found that probiotics may be effective in improving pain in children with RAP. However we found no evidence that probiotic-based interventions were more effective than placebo. We were unable to combine the results of the studies for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these outcomes or used comparable measures to assess them. With the exception of one study, all studies reported monitoring children for adverse events; no major adverse events were reported. We judged the evidence for these two outcomes to be of moderate quality due to small numbers of participants included in the studies. We did not find evidence that low fibre diets were more beneficial than high fibre diets. We could not combine the data from the studies because of differences in the way the studies were carried out. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for pain relief and moderate for other outcomes
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of these studies had data that could be analysed. The studies were very different in their populations, media types, and ways of making the interventions. Most of them had a small to medium-size effect in decreasing the level of bias. We found that mass media programmes may have a small but medium-to-small effect in the reduction of bias, and are equivalent to the level that is commonly seen in the general public. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of mass media on the cost-effectiveness of the programmes. We could not find studies that examined the cost of the mass media programs. We are not sure if mass media campaigns are cost-free. We do not know if they are harmful. We cannot be sure if the programmes are harmful, and we do not have enough evidence to know if the mass Media programs are harmful or not. We need more research to find the best ways to make mass media work best, and to find out which mass media strategies work best. We think that more research is needed to find a way to make sure that mass mass media is not just for the purpose and effect of making people more or less aware of their own biases.
We included 85 studies in our review. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored their views, 17 of these studies explored those of health care providers, 22 of these included the views of both women, and 22 studies included both the views, views of healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, in rural, urban, and middle and low- and middle-middle-middle income countries. We found 52 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We grouped the studies into three thematic domains: the social and cultural context (11 findings, five of five high- or high-confidence), the service design (24 of 24 findings, 15 of 15 high- confidence), and what it means to the women (17 of 17 high- and low high-certainty) and staff (17 high-and-low-certain, moderate- or low-certain findings, 17 findings, 11 of 17, moderate or high confidence) of the service. We also grouped the three thematics of the three domains of the third domain (supportive care, personal care, and safety) as: the third of the first two was sub-dissolving the first domain (the third was sub dividing the third domains of care). We found that for women, the value or lack-of-the-value (or lack-there-of) of using ANC for the first time, or for the very first time in a new setting, is largely influenced by their perception that doing so will be a good-enough, safe-for-the baby, and their perception (or not) of how well the care is provided. For healthcare providers, the quality of the care they provide is also influenced, as is their experience (or both) of what it is like to provide, and how well they can provide it. For the first-time use, women’s perceptions of the value (or the
This review of trials found that oral nimodipine reduces the risk of poor outcome, and that other oral and intranasal calcium antagonists reduce the risk for second ischemic ischaemic events. The results for 'poor outcome', which is a measure of the risk, are not beyond all doubt. The review found that intravenous calcium antagonists are not effective in the treatment of aneurysm-related aneurystomies. Intravenous calcium blockers are not safe.
We searched for studies that compared myeloablative therapy to no treatment or to other treatments in people with high-risk neuroblastoma. We found three studies that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is up-to- date as of May 2014. The studies included 739 children. The age of the children ranged from one year to 18 months. The results of the studies were not consistent. The review found that myeloablation therapy seems to be effective in terms of event-free survival. However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses, the difference in event- free survival was no longer statistically significant. The overall survival was not significantly different between the treatment groups. The quality of the evidence was not high. The included studies had some methodological limitations. The authors of this review concluded that myeloblastoma is a rare disease and therefore the best treatment strategy is to use a combination of conventional chemotherapy and myeloabblative therapy. However the results of this systematic review should be interpreted with caution. The trials included in this review were of short duration and the results should be treated with caution because of the small number of children included in each study. The most recent version of the review defined high- risk neuroblastomies as those with a diagnosis of intermediate-risk disease. Therefore the relevance of the results in this setting to current practice can be questioned.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and identified eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration of the trials was 12 months. The evidence is current to February 2017. We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause, and the risk for tumour response (complete response plus partial response) from 8 trials. TACE may have increased the risk that tumour cells were grown back, but the evidence was of low to very low certainty. We are uncertain about the effect of TACE on health-related quality of life. None of the included trials reported serious adverse events. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE compared with 3-dCRT did not reduce the risk in the proportion that had leukopenia (low-certainty evidence), serum transaminases (a marker of tumour growth) elevation (very low-certainies), and serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) without decline or normalisation (very-low-quality evidence). The rate of participants with serum alphafetop protein (AFP), a marker of liver function, without decline (normalisation) was lower in the TACE group than in the 3- DCRT group, but these data were from one trial only. The risk of adverse events was higher in the group that received TACE, but we are uncertain of the effect on the other outcomes. The quality of the evidence for the outcomes of all-cause mortality and tumour responses was low to moderate. The certainty of the available evidence was very low because of the methodological weaknesses in the included studies.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals (a mixture of protein, minerals, and minerals), had better growth and growth outcomes up to three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. To date, no randomised trials are available that examine the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD. Research should be directed at evaluating the effects on this group of infants on clinically important outcomes like mortality, respiratory status, growth and development. The benefits and harms of various ways of increasing energy intake, including higher energy density (higher energy density formula) and/or increased fluid volume (clinically realistic target volume should be set), parenteral nutrition, and the use of various constituents of energy like carbohydrate, protein and fat for this purpose also need to be assessed.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavan vein N = 3) or low (femoral vein N > 1) for most of the studies, and high (fenestration N = 1) at best (fearfulness N = 2) for two studies. Most of the trials had some risk of bias. The results of the review suggest that, for the subclavus, ultrasound may be more effective than an ultrasound landmark method (where the needle is placed in the vein and the blood is passed through it) for the first time. For the femoral vein, there was no evidence of a difference in the risk of inadvertent puncture (when the needle gets stuck) or in the number of attempts to get the catheter in the right place (when it gets stuck). No data on the risk or number of deaths or other outcomes were provided. For patients with a high-risk of complications, there were no data on whether two- dimensional ultrasonography (two-D) was more effective or safe. The review found that, on the first try, two D-D ultrasound cannulations were more likely to be successful than an anatomy-based landmark method. The evidence for the safety and quality of the two DD techniques was of very low or low for the following reasons: 1. The studies were small, and 2. The DD methods were not well reported.
This review of 15 studies found that there were no usable results from the studies of the intravenous form. The best dose of physstagmine was effective in improving the ADS-Cog score, and the best dose (mean 33 mg/d) was also effective in relieving symptoms of nausea, diarrhoea, anorexis, dizzyness, flatulence or muscle cramps. The lower dose (5.7mg/d), which was the most commonly used, was no more helpful than the higher dose (12 mg/day) for improving the symptoms. The higher dose was no better than the lower (5 mg/daily) for relieving nausea, vomiting, diarrhoeala, dizziness, stomach pain, tremor, asthenia or sweating. The results from two of the four studies of a controlled-release form of the drug apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. The evidence of effectiveness of physostigmine for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's disease is limited. Even in a controlled release formulation designed to overcome the short half-life, physostagmine showed no convincing benefit and adverse effects remained common leading to a high rate of withdrawal.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of heart disease, two trials recruited people with a recent stroke, and one trial recruited people who had a mix of heart and blood disease. We found that fibrate drugs can prevent stroke, heart attack, and death. The effect of fibrates was found to be consistent regardless of age, type, and type 2 diabetes. The risk of death from any cause (death from any causes) was not increased with fibratide drugs. The effects of fibrotide drugs on the risk of stroke, death, heart attacks, and heart disease were not increased. The number of people who developed a stroke was not different in the fibrant and control groups. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2018. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitation of the review was that the number of trials was small and the number and type of participants varied between studies. The review authors recommend that future trials should include more participants with previous stroke and also people who have already had a stroke.
This review of trials found that giving TA to women at low risk of bleeding (3285 women) after CS (9 trials, 2453 women) or after vaginal birth (three trials, 832 women) decreases blood loss and prevents PPH. The risk of PPH was lower in the group of women who had CS. The effect of TA on blood loss was more pronounced in the women who were having a vaginal birth. The number of blood transfusions and other medical treatments was less in the TA group. Mild side-effects such as mild dizzy spells, dizzyness, and dizzy stools were more common in the groups of TA women. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2015. The quality of the evidence was moderate for blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL in women who received TA versus placebo or no intervention. The overall quality of evidence was also moderate for the number of women with PPH and blood transfusion. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of women in the studies.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine and rifampidine with placebo (a pretend drug) or paracetamol (a fake medicine) or zanamivir (an antiviral drug) to treat influenza A. The evidence is current to February 2015. The studies were conducted in China, India, Japan, South Korea, Turkey, the United States and the United Kingdom. The mean age of participants was between 65 and 77 years. The duration of the studies ranged from one week to one month. The main outcomes were the number of people who developed influenza A, the number who developed flu on the first day of treatment, the frequency of flu and the number that developed influenza in the second week of treatment. The results of the trials did not indicate that amantdine and rimantadines were effective in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of influenza A in children and the elderly. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with amantenadine or rimantenine. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drugs was not well established. The lack of knowledge about the safety and the limited benefits of rimantanadine do not indicate whether amantanidine and rimanidine compared to placebo or parachyamol could be useful in preventing and treating influenza A and shorting the duration.
We searched for evidence on 15 May 2017 and found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared endometrial injury with no intervention or a placebo procedure. These trials included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies the were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared endometric intervention with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared endometryrial injury in the cycle prior to IUI with endometrium injury in another cycle of IUI. One trial compared higher degree of endometric injury with lower degree of intentional endometria injury. We are uncertain whether endometriosis improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. The evidence is up to date to May 2017. We found that endometries performed in the period prior to the IUI did not improve the chances of live birth or clinical pregnancy. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometry was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS) and only one study reported this outcome. However, only one of the studies reported this. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution as we graded the quality as either low or very low as we downgraded the quality because of the risk of bias in the included studies. The main reasons we downgrade the quality were most included studies were at a high risk of systematic error and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four studies (3905 participants) in this review. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at the start-up of the review due to lack of a clear clear difference in the number of first episodes (NHAP) and the risk of death due to the condition. We were not able, at 18-month or 24-month, to compare the number or risk of first-time pneumonia in people who had received oral care. There was low- quality evidence from two small studies (507 and 366 people) that people who were given oral care for 24- months had fewer deaths due to pneumonia compared with people who received usual oral care, but the quality of the evidence was low. We could not determine whether professional oral services resulted in a lower number of people having pneumonia. We found no evidence that professional oral service resulted in fewer deaths from any cause compared to usual care, and we were uncertain whether or not professional oral treatment resulted in any fewer deaths. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care (where there was no treatment). We found low-quality evidence that providing professional oral surgery could reduce the risk for pneumonia in nursing home residents compared to providing usual oral services. However, the quality evidence for other outcomes is inconclusive. We are uncertain whether professional care reduces the risk from any causes. We cannot be certain that professional care is effective for reducing pneumonia in residents of nursing homes. We do not know which oral care measures are most effective for preventing pneumonia in the elderly. More research is needed to determine which oral services are most beneficial for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia.
This review included five studies with 149 participants. These studies assessed the effectiveness of bismuth subsalicylate (nine 262 mg tablets) versus a dummy treatment (placebo), beclometasone (5 mg/day) or beclomechidine (10 mg/d) versus mesalazine, budesonide (9 mg) plus cholestamine (2.4 g/d), be clomiphene (2 mg/e) or mesalamide (4 g) plus a dummy (4.4) versus placebo, mesalidine plus choline and beclomipine versus mesaline and be clomechide versus mesaleazine. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding. The study which compared bismuther subsalcylate versus placebo was judged to have a very small sample size and limited data. The other 3 studies were assessed to be of low quality due to a very low sample size. Budesonide (nine mg/daily for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. Bismuth sublates (9mg/day for 6 or 8 weeks), budesonides (2 g/day or 2.4 mg/ day) and bechometasones (5 or 10 mg/a) were also effective for induction and maintenance of clinical response. However, the studies were small and the results were not consistent. No conclusions can be made regarding bismutasone subsalcyte due to the very small number of patients in the study. Side effects in the budesonid studies include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in one study. In the beclometric diprop
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with 3259 participants. The intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months. Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring, one study (2324 patients) tested SMBG with SMUG, one (19) trials tested SMBG with SMU, one was three (3) trials that used SMBG and SMUG and SMBG plus SMUG with the usual care and one (17) trials used SMBg with SMUB. We found that self-watchful self- monitoring (SMBG), when compared to self-hypo-hypothyroidic glycadienous glycassidy, is a safe and effective way to improve glycapparities in people with type 2 diabetes. The effect of SMBG on glycAPPARITY is small up to six months of self-care, but the effect of self monitor-ing blood glucose is small and subsides after 12 months, and the cost of selfmonitor-ing is high. We did not find any effect of the use SMBG for patients' well-being, general well-health-based well-ness, or quality-of- life. We also found no effect on the effects of SMBGs on morbidity. We conclude that when the duration of the study is over one year, the effect on glycaemic control in people who are not using sugar-lowering drugs (hypohypo) is small. There is no clear evidence that SMBG affects patient well- being, general health-based health- related well-well-being or quality of life. More research is needed to explore the impact of SM BG on diabetes specific quality of well-life and well-physical well- health-related quality of the life, as well as the impact on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychotic treatments for people with AsPD. Eleven studies were included, but data were only from five of these. These studies were of poor quality. Only two studies focused solely on an As PD sample. Only one study reported on the effects of reconviction, and the rest were on aggressive behaviour. Three interventions (cognizant, coping, and cognitive behaviour treatments) were found to be effective, but the results were not consistent. Each of these treatments had been developed for drug use. There was no evidence that one of the treatments was better than the other. The results of this review suggest that there is not enough research to support the use of any of these therapies.
This review included 11 studies with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold. Five studies contributed data on purulent rhinitis. One study reported on side-effects. There was no evidence of any benefit from the use of antibiotics for the common cough in adults. There is no clear evidence that there is any benefit in the use or absence of symptoms in people with the common throat or the nose. There were more side- effects in people who took antibiotics for acute purulent rheumatoid nose. The review found that there was no clear benefit from using antibiotics for persistency of the symptoms of the cough in people of all age. There are no studies on the use and absence of side-side-effects in people without the common mouth or nose.
We included five trials (162 participants) in this review. Three trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. One trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The trials were of very low-quality. We found only five trials, which assessed the effects of five different antibiotics (pencillum, rifampicin, riferampicins, ersatz penicin (a type of rifamethasone), ersatriptan, and rifamycin (a drug that is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis). The trials did not measure our primary outcome, time-to-resolution of psoriasis, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. None of the trials measured the proportion of participants achieving PASI 75 or PGA 1 to 2. The quality of the evidence was very low. The studies did not report any information on adverse events. We are uncertain of both the efficacy and safety of the treatments. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and identified 12 studies enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven studies tested vitamin D₃, and one study tested vitamin₂. Vitamin D⁃ had no effect on the risk of relapse, worsening of disability, or MRI lesions. VitaminD�o did not increase the risk for serious side effects. Vitamin A was found to be safe, although available data are limited. Vitamin B may have a positive effect on health-related quality of life, but the evidence is of very low quality. Vitamin C may have no effect. Vitamin E may have an effect on fatigue, but this is uncertain. Vitamin F may have had no effects on cognitive function, psychological symptoms, or psychological symptoms. Vitamin K may have been beneficial, but there is no evidence of a benefit for this. Vitamin M may have some beneficial effects, but these are uncertain. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included studies were small and of short duration, and the results of the studies were not consistent. The evidence is up to date to January 2017.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials comparing morphine with other pain killers or with no pain killers (placebo) in people with cancer. We found 62 studies, with 4241 people. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over (where people are randomly put in one or more groups) design, which means that people are put in either one or both groups at random. The studies were of poor quality. We could not tell if the people in the groups were being treated with morphine, because the studies were too small. We did not find enough studies to be sure that the people taking part in the studies had pain relief of at least 'good' pain. We were able to use morphine in a range (25 mg to 2000 mg) for 12- or 24-hour dosing, and we found that most people had pain that was no worse than'magnified' (where pain is measured by a special scale). We found that people who took morphine in this way had less pain, and were more likely to be able to take their painkillers. We are not sure if people who did not take the morphine in the same way as those who did had more pain. The pain was reduced from mild to no worse pain by a mean of 0.5 points on a scale of 0-100 mm on a visual analogue pain intensity scale (VAS), or by the equivalent in other pain scales. Eighteen studies reported that people had good pain relief on average, and no study reported that good levels of pain relief were not attained. People who took the morphine by mouth had less than mild pain. People taking morphine by injection had less severe pain than those who took it by mouth. People in the study groups who took oral morphine had less painful breath than those taking morphine in their rectum. People on morphine by tablet or injection had more painful breath. People were more than twice as likely to have a milder cough than people taking morphine tablets.
We included 14 trials, with a total of 1260 people. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (around 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies compared different types of surgery, including open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery versus open surgery (five studies); open surgery plus steroid injection versus steroid injection (one study); percervical surgery versus an open operation (five trials); endoscopic surgery versus a conventional open operation; and transverse incision of the skin (two trials) (one trial). Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether open surgery improves the resolution of trigger finger symptoms compared with steroid injection. We found that people who had open surgery had less recurrence of symptoms and had less pain in the hand. However, people who received steroid injection had more pain. We also found that more people had pain on the palm of the hand in the steroid injection group compared with the open surgery group. We were uncertain whether people who underwent open surgery were more likely to have a recurrence or to have more side effects. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for all comparisons. The main reasons for this were the small number of studies and participants, and because of the small numbers of participants and the small size of the studies.
This review of three randomised controlled trials, with 931 participants, found that PCV, either before or after RT, appears to be an effective neoadjvant treatment for people with AO or AOM. However, PCV is toxic to the blood, and should be used with care. The use, however, of PCV in this group of people is not yet known. The authors of the review found that the use, in some people, of markers (e.g. codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-2 mutation) may be useful in predicting survival.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to severe OA. All studies were performed at specialised sleep medicine clinics in tertiary care centres. Follow-up periods ranged from three weeks to four months. Three studies compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two studies compared oral montelukast against placebo. We excluded one study from the meta-analysis because the patients were not randomised to receive either treatment. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (a measure of oxygenation) between children receiving intrana-respiratory steroids compared to placebo. In contrast, children receiving oral montleukast had a lower AHI compared to those in the placebo group. We also had concerns about selective reporting in another study. We were uncertain about whether the difference between children given intrananasal corticosteroids and placebo was important for the following outcomes: desaturation index (a measurement of oxygen saturation), respiratory arousal index (which measures the amount of oxygen in the blood), and nadir oxygen saturation (a test of oxygen levels in the airway). We are also uncertain about how the effect of monteluxast compares to placebo on the following two outcomes: respiratory arousal and desaturation. We found that monteluzast has short-term beneficial treatment effects for OSA in otherwise healthy, non-obese, surgically untreated children (moderate certainty for primary outcome and moderate and high certainty, respectively, for two secondary outcomes). In addition, montelucast was well tolerated in the children studied. Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly distributed between study groups. No study examined the avoidance of surgical treatment for OA as an outcome. There is currently no evidence for the use of intrannasal cortics for the treatment of OSA. There are currently no studies on the use
We searched for studies that compared systemic treatments with no intervention in children with CVCs. We found six studies that investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecule weight heparin (LMWH), antithrombocyte (AT), warfarin (31), cryoprevent (240) and fresh frozen (FFP) (240), and antithronbin (41). We found no significant effects of systemic treatments compared with no treatment in preventing VTE. We also found no differences in adverse events (such as major and/or minor bleeding) between study groups. None of the studies reported thrombocytetopenia, heparbocytopeniasis, hepatitis C, death as a result of VTC, removal of CVC due to VTE, CVC-related infection or post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS). We identified a significant reduction in symptomatic VTE with the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation. The analysis of one CCT, which compared one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment, we found a significant decrease in symptoma VTE in children who received LMWH in addition to AT. The evidence is current to August 2016. We are not able to give recommendations for clinical practice. Additional well-designed international RCTs are needed to further explore the effects of the systemic treatments in preventing (a)symptomatic Vte. Future studies should aim for adequate power with attainable sample sizes.
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants. The first trial of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the risk of neurological deficits in the leg and neck in 14 (30%) of CSFD group, 17 (33%) of controls and 21 (68%) of the control. The second trial of 33 patients showed that the use CSFD was effective in reducing the risk for postoperative postoperable postoperatory deficits. The third trial, of 145 patients, showed CSFD to be of limited use in preventing TAAA. Paraplegic or spinal cord injury was observed in 9 (12.2%) of 74 patients (12%) in the control group and 2 (2.7%) in 82 patients (2%) in both the CSFD and control groups. The CSFD treatment resulted in an 80% reduction in the relative risk of postoperative deficits. There is limited evidence supporting the use of CSFSD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) with 662 people. We found that the clearance rate for people with CPP was not significantly better than 75% or more than 75%, and the clearance rates for people who received NB-UVB were inconsistent. In one trial of NB- UVB compared with oral PUVA, the difference in clearance rate was not statistically significant. In three other trials of CPP, the clearance was inconsistent because in one trial, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, the clearances were statistically significantly in favour of oral PUVAs. In the comparison of NBUVB with bath PUVA in terms of clearance rate, the evidence was also inconsistent. One trial of people with PPP found no significant differences between NB-UVB treated sides and topical PUVA treated sides in terms or clearance rate. In two trials of people treated with NB-VUBB compared to PUVA alone, the results were inconclusive. In people with a CPP and GP, the findings were inconclusively. In this review, we found that NB-UCB and PUVA plus retinoid had similar effects for treating people with either CPP or GP in terms and clearance rate in terms. In practice, NB-VCB may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. NB-BCB is considered ineffective for PPP in clinical practice, and a small trial did not detect a statistically significant difference between NBUVBs and topical UCVA for clearing PPP. NBUVBS seemed to be similar to selective BB-UVBs for clearing CPP. Larger prospective studies are needed to confirm the long-term safety of NBUCB.
This review of trials found that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may be more effective than electrical nerve stimulants in the treatment of faecal incontinence. There was not much evidence as to which method was the best. There were some reports of a benefit of rectal sphincter training. There is some evidence that bio feed-back and nerve stimulant treatment may be better than electrical stimulants. There are also some reports that spharners may be less likely to be harmful. The review found that there is not yet enough good-designed research to be sure that these treatments are safe.
This review looked at the benefits and harms of different policies in the use of cathecters in people with ureteroscopy. Thirty nine randomised trials were included in the review. They were small, of poor or only of low or very low quality, and were of poor reporting. The review found that people who had a catheters removed after ureters were at a higher risk of needing a repeat cathete (re)catheters (re cathets). There was no clear evidence that using a cathertic was more likely to result in a recathect (re-cathete). There were no clear benefits of a clamp- and-re- release policy.
This review included ten studies with a total of 3340 participants. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapies (a drug that blocks the action of the drug, a drug that reduces the action, aripidiprazol) to placebo (a pretend treatment) and two studies compared it to other drugs (lithium and haloperidol). Two studies compared the drug to valproate or lithium (two different drugs), and one study compared ariiprazoles to haloperids (two drugs). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence shows that aripidinerazole is more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks. Aripipidinerazol was compared with other drugs in three studies in adults—lithiam was used in one study and haloprope in two studies. No statistically significant differences between aripinerazole and other drugs were noted at three weeks or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks. Compared with placebo, aripeidinerazoles caused more movement disorders, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), on the Barnes Akathisia Scale (BAS) and by participant-reported akathisiosis (a condition in which the person's akathism is worsened by excessive movement). Aripidineazole also led to more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders), and caused more children/adsolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. Aripeidrazole caused more people to require treatment with anticholinergic medication (high quality evidence). Aripperazole was not compared with lithium or haloperidine in three
We found three studies that evaluated the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments on CVC-related infections. Two studies evaluated urekinase lock treatment with conchitant systemic antibiotics (n = 56) and one study compared ureke lock with concomitant systemic antibiotics and one trial compared uroke lock plus conchitant with concentrant systemic antibiotics. No RCTs or CCTs were found that compared urukinase or ureter lock with systemic antibiotics alone. No adverse events were found. The cohort studies found no side-effects. Some cohort studies showed CVCs to be faulty. We found no evidence of any difference in the number of CVC patients who were cured, the number who had a CVC that had been infected, the CVC's number of days to be free of CV infections, the need for an ICU stay, the risk of sepsis, or the need to have the CV taken out. The studies were of poor quality. We conclude that there is no strong support for the use of antibiotic-based CVC lock treatments in the treatment CVC infections. More well-conducting RCT and CCT studies are needed.
This review identified 15 studies that compared interventions to improve the symptoms of whiplash. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality (one trial, 348 people) that an advice video of advice to focus on the action (a whiplASH pamphlet) was more effective for acute whiplase pain than no treatment. There is low- to very- low- quality (nine trials, 348 adults) that a whiplashes pamphlet on the effect of advice on the movement (whiplash-related pain) was less effective than no advice. There was no difference in the effect on pain, or in the effects of the advice, on function or on the way people feel and think. Self-care: There was low-to-very- low quality (three trials, 243 people), very-low- to low- or low-certainty (one) quality (evidence) that self-care strategies (elevating self-esteem, such as self-help manuals) did no more or less well than no therapy. Self care strategies (such as exercise, stress-coping, ergonomics, and self-treatment) did not help people with acute to long-term neck pain. With the results of one trial, this has not shown effective for any T PE for any of the three T PE themes.
This review aimed to assess the best way to communicate with people at risk. No studies meeting the study design criteria were found for this review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature were included. The results of the Cochrane review were combined to form a thematic synthes, which is the basis of a thematriptych. The thematptychanics were presented in a number (addendices) of this review, and the results of this thematic synthesis are presented in appendices. The evidence is current to September 2014. The thematic synthesis indicates that ideally communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. The theiratriptic synthesis also indicates that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm, such by discriminating against people accessing health care. There is insufficient rigorous evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations. The authors of the thematic summary conclude that the thematributory synthesis can be used to inform policy and practice decisions for communicating with people who are at risk in the absence of rigorous evaluation of interventions.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304) that compared opioids (prolong-release oxycidone/nalociclovine) with a dummy (placeb) (fake) pill. The drug was given for 12 weeks. The trial was funded by the manufacturer. The results showed that opioids improved RLS more than dummy pills. More patients in the drug group were drug responders (i) more people in the group were able to stop RLS symptoms, and i) more were remitters (i). Quality of life scores were also better in the placebo group. The major side effects were nausea, tiredness, and headache. The quality of sleep was also better with the drug than with the dummy pill. There was no clear difference in the number of people who had daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake at the end of the day, or naps during the day. The main side effects of opioids were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headaches. The evidence is current to January 2014.
This review of trials found that external fixation reduces redisplacement, gives better results for the fracture, and prevents late collapse. There was not enough evidence, from trials, to be sure that the results were better than those of the plaster cast group. There were some problems with the way the trials were carried out. There is some support for the use of external fixings for distal radial fracture.
We found five studies (1127 patients) that compared the incidence of UTI in people who had a stent versus those who did not. The evidence is current to May 2014. The studies were of moderate certainty. The review found that early removal of the stent may reduce the incidence rate of UTIs, but it is uncertain whether this is a benefit. The incidence of MUC was also reduced in the early stent removal group. This may be due to the use of a stented device (biological device) rather than the removal of a traditional stent. The quality of the evidence was low or unclear. The included studies were small and of low quality.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two studies fitted PMCs fitted with the 'Halls technique', or with fillers, with non-restorative caries. One of these two studies also added a third arm, which enabled us to compare PMCs (fitted with the Hall Technique), fitted with or without fillings, with fillments. In the two studies using crowns fitted using the conventional method, all teeth had undergone pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. The final study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns (stainless steel with white veneers). No RCT evidence was found that compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk of major failure was lower in the crowns group in the long term compared to fillings. Similarly, there was moderate-quality evidence that pain was lower for the crown group compared to the fillings group. There is moderate- quality evidence to suggest that crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk for major failure or pain in the longer term compared with fillens. There were no reports of major major failure and pain in either group. One study reported outcomes in the same way in the shorter term and found no reports for major or pain. There may be a reduction in discomfort associated with the procedure. It is uncertain whether there is a clinically important difference in the risk to gingival bleeding when using crown
We included 28 studies involving 788 people with CF. The studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency (HFCWO) chest wall vibrating (HFE), BiPaP, BiPAP and exercise. Most studies were of low to very low- to very-low- to high-certainty quality. The results of the studies were not published in enough detail for us (the Cochrane review team) to be sure that they were of high- or low-certainties. We found that PP was more likely to be used for at least one year than the other treatments in terms (in) lung function, but there was no difference in the rate of lung attacks. There was no evidence that PEP was more effective than HFCWU in terms of the number of lung attack exacerbations. There were no data on side-effects. In one of the trials, PP with a mouth piece was used for one year, but this did not reduce the rate (in terms) of lung problems. There is some high-level of evidence that when PP is used for a long time, there is a lower rate (at least a year) of asthma attacks when compared to other methods of airway clearance. There are no data for other outcomes. There may be some evidence that there is no difference between PEP and HFCwO in terms or side-effect rates. However, there was some evidence of side- effects in one study where PEP using a mouthpiece was compared to HFC wreath. There has been no evidence for other methods. The quality of the evidence provided by this review is variable, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the clinical treatment of people with cystic fibrosis. It is important to note that airway clearing techniques should be individualised throughout life according to developmental stages, patient
We searched for studies that compared CZP with placebo or no treatment in people with Crohn's disease. We found four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe CD. All studies included participants with chronic disease of the colon. Most participants were adults. The studies were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s. The CZPs were given 100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks for 2 to 8 weeks. The evidence is current to August 2014. The results of the studies showed that CZp was superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission and clinical response at week 8. The numbers of participants achieving clinical response were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the CZB and the placebo groups, respectively. In addition, the numbers of people achieving clinical resolution at week eight were 40.2% (336/8 35) and 30.9%, respectively. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73/836) and 6.2%, respectively in the participants receiving CZ p and placebo. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn’s disease, infections, and malignancy. The quality of the evidence was moderate for achieving remission and achieving clinical cure and clinical resolution. The certainty of the available evidence was downgraded due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of events. The overall quality of evidence was low for achieving cure and achieving remission. The main limitations of the included studies were the small sample sizes and the fact that the studies were not of high quality.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of drugs for heart failure in people with CKD. We included studies that randomly assigned participants to one of three or more treatment groups. We found 112 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to combine data from 26 studies (19.612 participants) that reported outcomes for people with heart failure and CKD, and we included these in our analyses. We did not include studies that reported on people with chronic heart failure or people with kidney disease. We also included studies of people with acute heart failure, chronic heart disease, or people who had already had heart failure. We looked at the effects on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure (heart failure or kidney function), and quality of life. We could not combine data for people who were treated with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi) or angiotenin receptor blockers (ARB) or aldosterone antagonists (ARB), and we could not estimate the effects for people treated with sinus node inhibitors (SNI) or vasopressin receptor antagonists (VRAs). We found that people treated in the studies with beta-blockers may have a lower risk of death (any cause) compared to people who received placebo or no treatment. People treated with beta blockers may have less hospitalisation for heart disease. People who received ald testosterone antagonists may have an increased risk of hyperkalaemia (high blood pressure). We were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinu node inhibitors affects the risk of high blood pressure, as there were few studies and meta-analysis was not possible. We are uncertain about the effects and harms of drugs used for heart and kidney failure in patients with CKDP. We cannot say whether drugs used to treat heart failure are effective or not. We do not know if drugs are safe or not, and the evidence is of low certainty. We need more studies to answer these questions.
This review found three studies involving 1945 women. The studies were of moderate quality and involved a total of 1945 women and compared internal or outside tocodynamometry (two studies) with standard tocodynamic testing. The trials were of good quality. The women were followed up for at least one week after the birth of the baby. The babies were monitored for at minimum 24 hours after birth. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamics) for any of the outcomes for the mother or her baby. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no babies died. The risk of instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not significantly different between groups. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies, but there was no statistically significant difference between groups, and there was insufficient evidence to recommend one form of tocochemistry over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour.
We included two studies involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. The studies were conducted in the USA and were conducted between 1980 and 2012. Both studies were funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and involved people with chronic leg pain. The two studies were of low methodological quality and were of short duration. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline, half venous refilling time and total venous filling time were observed in the group of participants who exercised compared with the control group. One of the studies reported no differences between the two groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. Although muscle strength assessed by dynamometry at slow speed did not differ between the groups in this study, variable peak torque at fast speed was lower in the control groups than in the exercised group. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to chronic venus venous venous pain and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included studies. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with CVI. Future research into the effect of physical activity should consider types of exercise protocols (intensity, frequency and time), sample size and blinding and homogeneity according to severity of disease.
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosupplements, which are applied to the skin, are an effective treatment for knee OA. The review found that the HA class of viscosupressure products had similar effects to non-steroid drugs (NSAIDs), but were more likely to be effective in the long-term. The HA class was also more likely, in some cases, to be more effective than intra-artic steroid (intra-articular) corticostoids. The results of the review also show that HA viscos suppresses the growth of the knee by a wide range, from a few days to a few months. The analyses also show some positive effects of HA viscusupplements on pain, function and patient assessment, at different post injection periods but especially at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. The trials did not report any major side effects. The quality of the evidence was generally moderate to high. The main limitations of the analyses were the small number of trials and the fact that the trials were conducted in different countries.
We searched for clinical trials that compared misoprostol with placebo (a fake drug) or with uterotonic drugs (drugs that increase blood flow) for the treatment of PPH. We found 10 trials with 4052 women. Four trials (1881 women) compared the use of misopropanol (a drug that increases blood flow in the womb) with the use (in addition) of uterotone (a hormone) given in addition. The other two trials (1787 women) were of poor quality. The use (addition) of misuprostol (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) with simultaneous administration of additional uterotonics did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal illness, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy. Misoprostanol was associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. Two trials (involving 1787 women, one of which was of good quality) compared oxytocin infusion with misopostol. The review suggests that among women who received oxytocins for the first-line treatment of primary PPH, oxytocus infusion is more effective and causes fewer side effects when used as first-choice therapy for the primary PH. When used after prophylactic uterotonic treatment, misopotropics and oxytocine worked similarly. The role of tranexamic acid and compression methods requires further evaluation. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PHL unresponsive to uterotonical therapy.
This review of trials found that routine short-term cysteine chloride supplementation of PN in pre term infants improves the amount of nutrients in the blood. Nitrous nitric oxide was increased by cysteines (4 trials), but not N- acetylcythsteine. There was no evidence that N-acetylcathsteine supplements had an effect on the risk of death or other serious adverse events. There is not enough evidence to assess the risks of N-acesteine supplementing, especially regarding the first two weeks of administration. The review found that there is not yet enough evidence from a large trial to support the use N-acetylcochysteine in pre-eclampsia infants.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes mellitis. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found no evidence of difference in the number of people who died, developed serious adverse events, or experienced serious side effects between people who received active treatment versus people who did not receive active treatment. There was no evidence that the number or the number and severity of serious side events was different between people receiving active treatment and those not receiving active treatments. There were no differences between people in the groups receiving active and no treatment in the proportion of people with serious side effect. There is no evidence to support the use of active treatment for NAFLD including those with steatohetitis. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for NAHLD including people with steatosis. We do not know whether there is any benefit from the use or not of active treatments for people with NAFLd. We cannot recommend any particular treatment for people who have NAFLT. We recommend that further well-designed randomised trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are conducted to answer this question.
We searched for studies that compared CSF testing of t-tau, p-t Tau or p- tau/ABeta with no CSF test for dementia. We found 15 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included 15 studies with 1282 participants with MCI. Of these, 1172 had data that could be analysed. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, Switzerland and the UK. The average age of participants ranged from 65 to 77 years. The majority of studies were funded by government agencies. The CSF t- t Tau test was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values ranged between 48% to 88%. The sensitivity of the CSF p-teau test was assessed in six studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases). The sensitivities were between 40% and 100% while specificity values were between 22% and 86%. The average specificity of 72% was the same as for the CS-tai test. The sensitivity and specificity of the tests were similar. The median sensitivity of 81% was for the t-tea test and the average specificity was 81% for the p-ta test. Five studies (140 cases and 293 non-case) evaluated the accuracy of the patellofemoral index test. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. Only one study reported the accuracy (the best available evidence) of CSF-t-tua/ABetas. The accuracy of CS-teas for ‘other dementias’ had not been investigated in the included primary studies. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, index test methodology and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). We were not
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopical radical prostatectomies. The men were between 50 and 75-year-old and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found one ongoing trial. We included three single-centre, two-arm studies with 170 participants in this review. We did not include studies that used a combination of anaesthetic techniques. We compared the effects of the anaesthetic technique on pain, vision, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay and costs. We also compared the effect of the two anaesthetics on eye pressure. We were able to combine data from one study, which showed that propofol reduced nausea and vomiting after radical radical prostate surgery compared with sevoflurane. We could not find any difference in pain between the two types of anaesthetic. We are uncertain whether this translates directly to avoiding eye complications. We identified one ongoing study, but this is not yet complete. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low to very low, as all studies were small, single-Centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostateectomy.
We included 14 studies in this review, with 1,601,515 women. Most studies found no evidence that maternal exposure to topical steroids of any potency (topical corticostoids) had an effect on the outcome of the baby. We found no clear evidence that the use of corticoids of all potencies (mild, very strong, and potent) had a positive or harmful effect on other outcomes, such as the baby's Apgar score, the baby-bearing time, or the number of babies that died. We did find that women who used corticosteroids of mild to very strong doses were less at risk of low-birth-weight, but we did not see an effect when they were given to the baby at birth. We rated the quality (the overall certainty) as low for all of the main outcome measures. We downgraded the quality of the studies to low or very low because of imprecise results for the other outcome measures, and because of differences in the results of the different studies.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. The total number of included patients was 611 (612) eyes, with a mean age of between 30 and 500 eyes. The trials were from the USA, and they were conducted in the USA (three trials), the USA/Canada, India, and South Africa. All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroids and without topical cortics. The follow-up periods of the trials ranged from two months to one year. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we found three additional trials through the updated searches in July 2014. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). The trial compared the use of corticostoids with no topical cortes to treat bacterial keratinitis. The trial did not find any important difference in the time to re-epithelialization (the time taken for the cornea to heal) between the two treatment groups. The pilot study reported that time to the formation of new cornea tissue was 53% slower in the steroid group after adjusting for the size of the original cornea scar. However, the trial did find no important difference between the groups in the amount of time taken to reenhelialization. The investigators of the trial reported that more patients in the control group developed intraocular pressure (IOP) elevation. One study reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference between two groups. We did not have enough data to determine whether the use or absence of cortics had an effect on adverse events. We found no reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the four trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow- up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further,
We included four trials with 450 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous vascular interventions for ischaemic stroke. The other trial compared percutaneously administered intravenous therapy with intravenous treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The results of the trials were not consistent. The quality of evidence was low. The number of participants who died at the end of follow-up was not significantly different between the two groups. There was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic bleeding in the brain between the intervention and control groups. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials that percutoscopic vascular interventions are superior to intravenous blood clotting therapy in terms of functional outcome. The included trials were small and of low quality. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found one study, involving 120 families and 143 children. The study was conducted in the UK, and compared centre-based day care with no treatment (care at home) for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. The children were followed up for three years. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found no evidence that centre- based day care improved or worsened children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or psycho-development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that centre care improved employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment or maternal hours per week in paid employment. The included study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that some studies included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. We therefore recommend that future studies of centre--based care for children and their parents should be conducted to assess the effects of day care for disadvantaged children. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect.
This review identified 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices. Eleven of the 30 scoring index have undergone some form of index validateations. The indexing methods have been tested in a number of studies. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index, the most recent of these, have been fully validated. The other four scoring methods, the NIEs, have not been fully tested. In order to determine the best histologic score, more research is needed.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated the use of nailing or plating in 213 adults. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted between 1991 and 2013 and involved 173 participants. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. The results of the trials were inconclusive. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain between the two groups. The pooled results of three different measures of foot and ankle function indicated a small difference in favour of nails (standard mean difference 0.28, 95% confidence interval -0.02 to 0.59; 172 participants, 3 trials), but the results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, three trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing (4/90 versus 10/83; RR 0.37, 95-CI 0.12 to 1.12; 3 trials) but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operation after nailing. Similarly pooled data (172 participants, 4 trials) showed no difference in the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union between nailing and plating but the 95% CI range crossed the line of no effect and thus included the possible of a benefit after plation. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed that there was no clinically significant difference in pain between two groups (RR 0.85, 95%). Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use or the best surgical intervention for
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. The evidence is current to August 2016. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people; moderate-quality evidence), for major vascular event 0.90 (95%, CI 0.78 to 1.04; 4 RCTS; 28,630 participants; high-quality quality evidence), and for dementia 0.88 (95%) (95%). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for recurrent strokes was 0,80 (95-CI 0.63 to 1,00), and the pooled RR for major blood vessel events 0,58 (95+CI 0,23 to 1), and we observed a reduction in the risk of major vascular events 0.58 (94% CI 0,63 to 0,00). Our results support the use of B PLD in people with stroke or TIA for reducing the risk for recurrent and major vascular stroke. Current evidence is primarily derived from trials studying an ACE inhibitor or diuretics. No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal systographic blood pressure target after stroke or tIA.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that B-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside (B-sitrost) and B-salt-B, a non-gluxosidic B-stearol, improve urine flow. B- sitosteryl is a drug that is used to treat BPH. Bile ducts (pills) are the largest and most common cause of BPH in men. Biliary tract prolapse (BPH) is a common cause in men, and the review of these trials found that men who took B- Sitosteryl were more likely to have a normal urine flow (3.91 mL/s), a normal peak urine flow of 4.91mL/s and a normal residual volume of 28.62 mL/m. Baked B-Sitosterols did not reduce prostate size compared to placebo. Withdrawal rates for men assigned to B-siteosterol and placebo were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively. The evidence suggests that Bile Stearol and Bactrim are effective in improving urinary symptoms and flow measures. However, their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
We found 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and 8 trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (2,599 children). In six trials (2.766 patients), no serious adverse events data could be obtained. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse event rates when regular salmeterolate was compared with regular salbutamic acid. There was an increase in the risk of asthma-related death with regular Salmeterol compared to placebo. There is also an increase of asthma deaths in patients not taking inhaled corticosteroids in the two large surveillance studies. We cannot be sure whether regular salmetol is better or worse than inhaled steroids for asthma in children. The risk of serious adverse effects was not increased in children when regular Salmetol was compared to regular sal butamol, but the number of children studied was small. We could not be sure if regular salmmeterol is a better or a worse treatment for asthma than inhaling steroids. We did not find any evidence that regular salmyol is safer than inhaler steroids.
This review found no evidence that thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of breathing problems in pre-eclampsia. There were two studies that enrolled pre-term infants. One study (1988) compared L-thyroxine 50 μg/dose at 1 and 2 and 24 hours to no treatment. The other study (1989) compared two different doses of L-triiodothyronine 50 mg/day to no intervention. Both studies had methodological concerns including quasi-random methods of patient allocation, no blinding of treatment or measurement and substantial post allocation losses. Neither study reported any significant benefits in neonatal morbidity or mortality from use of thyroid hormones. Meta-analysis of two studies (80 infants) found no significant difference in mortality to discharge. Amato 1988 reported no significant differences in use of mechanical ventilation. No significant effects were found in use or duration of mechanical support, duration of ventilation, air leak, chronic lung disease at 28 days in survivors, patent ductus arteriosus, intraventricular haemorrhage or necrotising enterocolitis. Neurodevelopment was not reported. There is no evidence from controlled clinical trials that postnatal thyroid hormone therapy reduces the severe breathing problems of preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 patients. The evidence is current to August 2018. The analyses showed that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The review also showed that the non-abdominal disacchic disacchaes may help to reduce serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease including liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding. The non-absorptive disacchanides were associated with beneficial effects on hepatic encephalopathy. The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect of the nonabsorbables on quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis (very low quality evidence). Non-abs absorbable disaeccharides were not associated with any serious adverse effects. None of the RCTs comparing lactulose versus lactitol evaluated quality oflife. The results of the review found no differences between lactulos and lactitol for the remaining outcomes. The quality of the evidence was moderate for mortality and adverse events, and very low for quality of lives. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in the analyses.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2019 and identified 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) that compared bisphosphonate therapy with placebo or no treatment. The evidence is current to January 2019. Bisphosphoneate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, however low certainty in the evidence indicates it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. Bisosphonates may decrease bone pain, but it is uncertain whether bisph phosphonate treatment prevents spinal deformity or bone necrosis. Bisplatinate therapy is associated with bone pain and bone fractures, but the evidence for this is uncertain. Bisptake inhibitors may reduce bone disease, but we are uncertain whether they prevent fracture. Bispposphonatate therapy does not appear to reduce graft rejection, but there is not enough evidence to know whether it has any effect on graft function. Bispsosphonatinate treatment may increase the risk of bone mineral deficiency, but this is unclear whether it increases the risk for bone pain. It is uncertain if bisphosphosphate therapy or other treatments prevent other skeletal complications after kidney transplants, including spinal deformities or bone breakdown. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney kidney transplant are very uncertain. Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low certainty. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations were the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of studies that reported outcomes.
This review identified four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/daily. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. There were no significant increases in handgripstrength in the magnesium group. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. The evidence is current to January 2017. Antibiotics can shorten the time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. Five fewer people per cent of people will experience clinical failure if they are treated with antibiotics instead or placebo or placebo. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis diagnosed either clinically (high-quality evidence) or confirmed by imaging (moderate-quality information) is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse effects. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). The potential benefits of antibiotics for acute rhino-rhinosinusococcus infection are marginal and need to be viewed in the light of the very low incidence of serious complications. Considering antibiotic resistance, and the very few serious complications, we conclude there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhinusitis. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials.
This review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve the survival of people with stomach tumour that has spread to the stomach. However, the risk of dying from the tumour is higher than from D1 lymphadectomy. The quality of the body-of evidence was rated as being of high to very low.
This review of trials found that oral naltrexone treatment was not better than other pharmacologic treatments in terms of the rate of re-incarceration. The review also found that naltrexone was not more efficacious than benzodiazapines and buprene, but was not worse. The number of people who were re-arrested for drug-using was low (28%). The review found that the studies were of poor quality, and so the results should be treated with some degree of caution.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of changing the amount of fluid in a drink of either 'nectar' (two types) or 'honey' (three types) of fluids for people with mild to severe dementia. We found two small studies, both of which were part-of-one multicenter studies. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial. Both studies were carried- out in the USA and included people with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. Regular liquids with a chin down head posture, as well as regular liquids without any intervention were also compared. The second study, parallel designed RCT, compared the effect of nectar and honey (two different types of fluids) thick liquids with nectar or honey thick head posture over a three-month period in 260 participants with a subgroup of 260 participants. Outcomes were pneumonia and adverse intervention effects. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration during videofluooscopy, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. During the second three- month follow- up trial, there were a greater number of incidents of pneumonia in participants receiving honey thick liquids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or taking regular liquids with chin down posture. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. The evidence is up to date to September 2014. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency of fluid for
This review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference in live birth and ongoing pregnancy rate, rates of OHSS, gestations, or treatment cancellations. There was some evidence that for a woman with 53% chance of live birth with IVF, the chance of a live birth would be 53% if she had IVF for 34 to 53 weeks. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The evidence was limited by imprecision. Findments for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation were sensitive to the choice of statistical model: for these outcomes, use of a fixed effect model suggested a benefit for the standard IVF group. Moreover the largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited on natural cycle IVF treatment. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth, treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included 12 studies with 984 participants from 23 references. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year. The average age of participants ranged from 61 to 74 years. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. We found that Tai Chi improved functional capacity and pulmonary function in people with COPD. However, the effects of Tai Chi on reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. No adverse events were reported. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions (i.e. breathing exercise or exercise) alone, Tai Chi did not show any additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement in people. No side effects were reported, suggesting that Taichi is safe to practise in people who have COPD and does not have any known side effects. The most beneficial Tai Chi style and number of forms could not be commented upon in different studies. Data are currently insufficient for evaluating the impact of Taichi on maximal exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength in people in the studies. Hence, future studies are warranted to address these topics.
We included 72 trials that involved 2470 participants. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were generally small and varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups. There was no difference between the two groups for upper limb performance. There were no differences between the groups for gait speed, balance, participation restriction, or quality of life. There is insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effect of virtual virtual reality on gait, balance or participation restriction. There are no data on adverse events. The quality of the evidence was mostly low. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that compared fluorquinolone treatment with either no fluorocinole (fluorocine) (flavonil) (a drug that is used to treat TB) or with other drugs (e.g., ethambutol, isoniazid, levofloxacin, moxifloxacid, and gatifloxin). The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. The trials included people with drug-sensitive TB. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found no trials that examined regimens of less than six months duration. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether addition or substitution of fluoroquinolones for ethambutsol or isoniaZid in the first-line regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases sputum culture conversion at eight weeks. For relapse, we are uncertain if there is an effect. No trials reported on treatment failure. For death, sputus conversion, and adverse events we are not sure if there was an effect (very low quality evidence). Fluoroquinoleines in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens with fluorocinolones. Ofloxacins, lev ofloxa, mxiflokacin and g atiflaxacin have been tested in RCTs of standard first-lines based on rifampicin and pyrazinamide for treating drug-ensitive TB. There was no evidence to support the use of fluoroxacines in the treatment of drug-resistant TB.
