This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that following asthma education to be effective in reducing the risk of future hospital admissions and future visits to the emergency department. There were no data on the effect of the education on other markers (elevation of asthma symptoms, rescue medication use, airway pressure, airways closure, lung function, and lung function) and there was no difference in the number of children who had an asthma flare-up.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and reduced pain by 16% at 24 hours and by 5% at 48 hours. We also found that ketamine reduces pain by 8 mg morphine equivalent over 24 hours, and reduces opioid consumption by 13 mg. We were able to combine the results of 65 studies, which showed that intravenously administered ketamine was effective in reducing pain by 19% to 19% more than placebo (a dummy pill). We found evidence that intravenial ketamine is effective in decreasing pain at 24 and 48 hours after surgery, and reducing pain during movements by 14% to 16% (moderate-quality evidence). We did find evidence that ketamines reduced nausea and vomiting after surgery by 23% to 27% (high-quality and moderate-quality results, respectively). We were unable to analyse the effects of ketamines on the number of people who experienced CNS (neck and neck) adverse events. We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of small-study effects or because the number was too small. We rated the quality as high for pain at the rest of the operation, moderate for pain during the operation and pain at 48 and 24 hours after the operation (high for pain), and very low for nausea and nausea after the surgery (moderate quality evidence). The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were too small to detect differences between studies.
This review of five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants found that the MSP2 (Combined B-MSP2) vaccine reduced the number of children who had clinical malaria, but the vaccine was not shown to be of good quality. The MSP 2 vaccine was effective in reducing the number and number of cases, but it was not effective in children who were not pretreated with antiretrovirals. The vaccine was also effective in the Msp2 variant, but this was based on the MPS2 parasite subtype. The results of this review show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role and merit further development.
This review of four randomised trials, involving 125 participants, found that there was some evidence that electrical field therapy may be helpful in the treatment of long-bone fracture. The trials were of small size, and each had some limitations. The results of the trials were not conclusive. There was no reduction in pain. One trial found that two minor side-effects were reported. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2014.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 patients. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopical laparectomy for cholecochlecovaginal appendectomy. One trial did not provide this data. The age of the patients in the trials ranged from 48 years to 63.5 years. The average age of participants in the studies ranged between 48 years and 63 years. Nine of the 12 trials were conducted in the USA. The majority of the participants were female. The participants were undergoing electively planned laparoscopic cholecystectomy for acute chole cystitis. One of the trials included both planned and emergency laparoscope cholectomy. The remaining trial did neither provide nor reported this information. The results of the studies did not show any significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials that provided this information, nor in the number of deaths in the 10 trials that reported this outcome. There was no significant difference in the percentage of patients who developed serious adverse events in the seven trials with 1143 participants reporting on this outcome or in the eight trials with 1286 participants reporting this outcome, or in each group reported by 8 trials with 6/640 participants. The length of hospital stay was significantly longer in the drain groups than in the'no drain' groups. There were no significant differences in the quality of life between the two groups. The proportion of patients discharged as day-procedure laparopy laparopically planned lapareectomies seemed lower in the one trial that reported on this. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparospically planned chole cytectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective use of these Chinese herbs for the treatment of diabetic neuropathy. Most of these trials were of low quality. There was inadequate reporting on side-effects. There were no well-conducted, well-reported trials of these herbs.
This review included five randomized controlled studies involving 1382 patients. All the included studies had relatively small numbers of patients, were of short-term (less than three months) and involved advanced prostate cancer. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score of 6 or higher, the IAS group had a lower risk of biochemical progression than the CAS group. One study (N = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between the IAs and CAS group, with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the Ias group. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). Data from RCTs comparing IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short duration. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific and disease progression. Limited evidence suggests Ias may have a slightly reduced side effects.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomising to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial randomised to the levonorgestle IUD or the transurethral IUD (Nova T), which is a type of IUC, found that women who had IUDs inserted right after an IUD were more at risk of having a baby. One of them also found that the use and expiration of Iud was more likely for women who got IUD right after their IUD was placed. One study randomised the use of the Lippes Loop to the Lutronan IUD and found that it was more effective than the LUTronan. Another trial randomising the use or expulsion of the levonscriptle IUC or the Nova T showed that women in the NovaT group were more likely to have a baby than those in the Lutz group. The evidence is current to August 2015. The quality of evidence was moderate. The main limitations of the evidence were the small number of studies and the small numbers of women.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found only one small trial published as an abstract article. The trial involved 92 participants with acute leukaemia. The participants were randomly assigned to meditation practice or usual care. The study was conducted in the USA and the average age of the participants was between 40 and 60 years. The duration of the study was six months. The results of the trial were not reported. The included study showed that meditation practice might improve the quality of life of haematological malignant patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care group. However, the quality and quantity of the evidence was very low, as the trial was small and the results were not published in a way that would allow us to draw any conclusions. The quality of the included trial was very poor, as there were only a small number of participants and the study did not provide enough information for us to be able to draw conclusions about the effects of meditation practice in haematic malignant individuals.
We found three trials involving 110 children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of treatment and the way the children's health was measured. The three trials were too small to be suitable to be combined. Overall, 13 out of 56 children (23%) developed varicella, and the number of children who had mild varicellitis (with less than 50 skin lesions) was low. Of the vaccine recipients who developed varICElla, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 lesions). In the three trials, most children received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest variceella vaccine administered within three day to children following household contact with a varicea case reduces infection rates and severity of cases. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults. Safety was not adequately addressed.
We included 12 randomised controlled studies, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials compared different antibiotic regimens. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, New England and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to May 2014. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic regimen in four of the trials (three trials that had reported mortality and one other trial). None of the other trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people had MRSA due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there were not significant differences between the two groups in the proportion of people who developed SSI. In one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, the proportion in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) was significantly lower in the comparison. In two trials that compared MRSA infections other than SSI, 19/478 (4.5%), 19/479 (4%) people developing MRSA infection including SSI and chest infection, and bacteraemia, were in the antibiotic group. There was no significant difference in the percentage of people developing a MRSA-related infection at any body site in these two comparisons. The proportion of participants who developed MRSA in the single trial that reported MRSA (SS
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. The number of women included in each trial was too small to be able to assess the effects of the two groups. The trials were conducted in the 1980s and were of poor quality. The women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. The review found no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal illness, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. There was no information on serious maternal illness or death. There is some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to have a caesarean section. Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The two trials included in this review were too small and of poor methodological quality to detect meaningful differences between the groups. Future large and well designed randomised controlled trials are required to measure differences between group for relevant pre-specified outcomes. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most commonly studied are non-absorbable (non-absolve) and absorbable (absorb) suture. These two methods are the most widely used for skin closure. The two methods were found to be similar in terms (wound infection) and wound complications. The main difference was that the non-abstorbable sutures were found not to be as good as the sutured suturings. The non- Absorbable staples were also found to cause wound infection, pain, cosmease and re-closure. The staples were not as good at closing the wound as the absorbable suts. The most common complication was skin detachment, which was defined in the trials. The use of staples was not as well defined as suturing, and most of the trials were of poor quality. There is no conclusive evidence on how the skin should be kept closed.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four trials looked at a black tea treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The results showed that green tea reduced blood cholesterol and blood pressure by 0.43 mmol/L and 0.64 mmol/l, respectively, over six months. Green tea also reduced total cholesterol by 0.62 mmol/dL, LDL cholesterol by 1.64 mmHg and blood hypertension by 2.18 mmHG. The effects of both tea types were found to be favourable for blood cholesterol, blood pressure and total cholesterol. However, the small number of trials contributing to each analysis meant that the results should be treated with some caution. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but due to the small numbers of trials contributed to each of the analyses, the results of this review should be taken with caution. Further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
The review authors identified two small trials that recruited 23 people with chronic asthma. The studies were conducted in the USA and the UK. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 1990 and involved 23 people. The participants were aged between 18 and 65 years. The evidence is current to August 2010. The findings of the studies were inconclusive and there was no evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of these studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the review. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to recommend the use azathiprine in chronic asthma for the treatment. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We searched for studies that compared exercise with no exercise in people with cancer. We included studies that assessed the effects of exercise on tiredness, tiredness during or after the end-treatment of the cancer. The review authors found 56 studies that met the review inclusion criteria. We found 56 trials that involved 4068 people. The trials were carried out in a total of 28 countries. We combined the results of 28 of these studies (28 in the previous version of this review, 28 in the current version) and found that exercise on the whole was more effective than no exercise. We also found that people with breast and prostate cancer who had cancer were more likely to be tired than people with other cancers. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects on tiredneath, blood tests, or other types of cancer. In conclusion, exercise on a regular basis can be regarded as a useful treatment for people with tirednecks during and post-cancer treatment.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2016 and found five trials with 3427 participants. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) with HL. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found that patients treated with advanced HL who had been diagnosed with advanced disease after first-line chemotherapy had a higher survival rate (OS) compared to patients treated without advanced disease. However, the evidence was of low quality. The survival advantage was not seen in patients with advanced cancer. The addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients who had their treatment escalated had a better survival rate. However the trial was too small to be able to show a difference in the number of patients who died. The EORC 20012 study did not report quality of life, so we could not assess this. The quality of the evidence for survival was high for patients with HL who were treated with escalated chemotherapy. The overall quality of evidence for the other outcomes was low or very low. The main reasons for this were that the trials were small and the results were not consistent. The included trials were too small and had a high risk of bias. The results of this review are based on five trials, which included a total of 3427 people. The majority of the trials included adults with advanced and advanced HL. We found that people treated with accelerated chemotherapy had better survival compared to those treated with conventional chemotherapy. However this finding is based on only five trials. The number of people who died was low and the quality of this evidence was low. There was no evidence for a difference between the two groups for treatment-related deaths. The analysis of the E ORTC 20011 trial showed no evidence of a difference for treatment related deaths. There is no evidence that the increased survival of patients with accelerated treatment increases the risk of developing second solid tumours. However there is low-quality evidence that this may be
We included studies that compared a variety of interventions, such as psycho-educations, physical, psycho-empowerments, patient counselling, patient-centre-centred therapies, or multidimensional therapies. We found that psycho-editions were as good as care as care, but not as good at improving the quality of life. We did not find any studies on the effects of other types of psycho-enrichments. We also found that multidensional therapies, such a physical, mental, and/or vocational therapies, led to higher rates of RTW. We could not find studies on other forms of psychoeducation, such an as patient-based therapies, which are more likely to be more effective. We were not sure if multidonal therapies were more or less effective than care as usual. We are not sure how multiddimensional therapies compare with each other. We do know that multidisciplinary therapies, in which patients are given a range of skills, such be it a patient-led, a patient's own, or a multidirectional approach, are more effective than just care. We have found that the effects on RTW of these therapies are not as strong. We judged six of the studies to be at a high risk of bias, and we found nine to be of low risk.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place. One trial was funded by a Scottish government-sponsored organisation. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in the labour. The women were followed up for between one and three months. The studies were assessed as low risk of bias. The results of this review suggest that women admitted to hospital with low-risk pregnancies should not have CTG. The use of CTG increases the caesarean section rate by approximately 20% in women admitted with low risk pregnancies. Women also had higher rates of continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labour and fetal blood sampling. There were no differences between groups in other outcomes including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (a brain disorder in which the baby's brain is deprived of oxygen), seizures in the newborn period and severe neurodevelopmental disability. The findings of this systematic review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that women should be informed that admission CTGs are likely to increase the caeesareans rate without evidence of benefit. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The main limitations of the studies were imprecision, inconsistency and lack of blinding for participants and personnel.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15.230) in the review. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One study found a difference in clinical pregnancy rates between the mediums used, suggesting that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy numbers than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of any difference between mediums. None were reported on the health of the babies. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communication in informing breast cancer patients of their cancer status. The review found no randomised trials of methods for communicating a cancer prognosis. The search strategies of the search strategy found 2847 citations but there were three duplicates of the same article in 27 of these. The authors have not been able to extract the data from these three duplications as they were too different. The results were not able to be combined. The reviewers have therefore concluded that there is no randomized trial of methods to inform breast cancer survivors of their treatment. The lack of research in this field is perhaps an issue which needs to be explored to help guide future practice.
We included 17 studies with 1006 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The interventions included a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was delivered in a group of people with NSCP. The intervention was compared with a control group that received no intervention. The results showed that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of chest-free days up to three months following the intervention, which is a measure of the number days without chest pain. There is no evidence of effect of treatment on the severity of chest pains up to one year after the treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The included studies were of variable quality and the number and duration of the interventions varied. The wide variability in the outcomes of interest made it difficult to combine the results of the studies. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, there were differences between the studies in terms of the way the studies were carried out and the way they were reported. Therefore, caution is required in interpreting the results. Further studies of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment treatments. The following antihistamine and mast cell stabilisers (inactive anti-histamine, mast cell, antazolamide, anticholinergic, antifungal, antiphosphamide, and pembrokeshire) were included: nedocromil, nedopa, bepotastine, belemide, belemnite, bepere, bepiritine, pempere and pemirolast. The trials were of short-term use, with a range of one to eight weeks. The evidence is up- to- date as of May 2014. The review found that topical antihistamines and mast cells stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There was some evidence to support that topical Antihistamines or mast cell stableifiers reduce symptoms of seasonal allergy when compared to placebo. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti- and mast-cell stabilisers treatment. Overall, topical antihirsutism and mastcell stabilisation appear to be safe and well tolerated.
We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria and one of these studies is still ongoing. The two studies were based in the US, one in the UK and one in Australia. Both studies were conducted in the USA and involved a range of community-based interventions. The studies were of mixed design and used a range and variety of interventions. One study was conducted in a skills-community group and the other in a control group. The study in the skills-only group found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at six month follow- up. Both of the studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
We searched for evidence on the benefits and harms of giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with HbSC (HbSS) or HbSβThal (HBS) in order to prevent the need for blood clots. We found one trial of 72 women. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who were given blood transfusion. The evidence is current to August 2015. The study did not report any important outcomes for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfused policy for women with other variants of sickle cell disease (i.e. HbSS and HbBSC). The available evidence is insufficient to support or refute the use of blood transfats to prevent blood clotting in pregnant women who have sickle cells in the blood.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. The evidence is current to February 2017. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The majority of the trials were of low-quality. The main outcomes were blood transfusion (proportion) and complications, which were higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the control group. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfused blood was higher in people receiving low central pressure and low central blood pressure plus low venous blood flow. The number of complications was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The total hospital stay, total hospital stays, and operating time were lower with low central flow than with control. The quality of the evidence was very low. The only difference between the two methods of radiofrequency dissection was the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher for the radiofrequency- dissecting method than for the clamp clamp-Crush method, but the difference was based on single trials. The overall quality of evidence was low. There was no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resection is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or blood transfusions. There is no evidence that using radiofrequency decompression equipment for the removal of the liver is of benefit in reducing the need for blood transf transfusions or complications. None of the studies reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. The available evidence suggests that radiofrequency dissection of the livers may be associated with more adverse events than with clamp-breaking. The use of radiofibre dissecting seals should not be used outside the clinical trial setting. The included trials were at high risk of bias. The studies were small and the results
This review aimed to find out which treatments are the best for PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. The review found that there is some evidence that the combination of PUVA and retinoids is better than the different treatments. There is also evidence that topical steroid under hydrocolloid (skin) ointment (hydroxylureasic acid) is beneficial. There would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP, but these treatments have a lot of side effects. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. Many different treatments were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP but there is no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for P PP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We searched for studies that compared the blood pressure-lowering effect of loop duretics with other drugs (e.g. placebo, placebo-controlled trials) in people with normal blood pressure. We found nine trials that evaluated the blood-pressure-lowerening effect of 5 drugs (fursemide 40 mg/day, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone, and e tozolol 200 mg). The trials lasted for 8.8 weeks. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Japan. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The drugs were tested in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.2 weeks. We did not find any studies that evaluated different doses of loop diuretics. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of the drugs was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2.8) mm Hg. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. We graded the quality of evidence for both systols and diastolic (blood pressure) blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias. We could not provide a good estimate of harms associated with loop diurestics because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in many of the studies. We rated the quality as low for both the systol and diestolic blood blood pressure estimate.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intra-percutaneous (in the stomach) local anaesthetist (1558) versus no treatment (1291) contributed data to one of the outcomes. Most of the trials were at risk of bias. All the trials but three were at high risk. There were differences in the methods and types of the local anesthetists (elevators, bupvavacaine, and local anaesthetic agents) used, the location of the operation, and the timing of the surgery (before or after the removal of gallbladder) between the trials. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthesia instillation group versus 0/210 (0%). One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness (1/236 in the control group versus 1/210 in the intervention group). The remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity. Three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported that no serious complications occurred in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthesiologists. None of the studies reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The effect of local anaesteration on the proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) versus 40/82 (48.8%) in control group). Length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the participants receiving local anaestroke (32 trials; 2020 participants) at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. The overall pain scores were significantly reduced in the group receiving local anesthetic instillation
We identified 74 studies that compared the sensitivity and accuracy (i) of all RDTs (i,e., the ability to accurately diagnose P. falciparum malaria) with microscopy or with other antigens. We grouped studies according to the antigen they detected. We found that the most accurate tests are those that can detect the presence of the human haematopoietic leukopeni (harms) protein (harm-2), which is a type 1 antigener. We also found that tests that can correctly diagnose the presence or not, such as the type 1 or 2 antigents, are more sensitive than tests (such as the pLDH-based) that can be tested with a microscope. We could not assess the accuracy (or the specificity) of the tests for the other antibodies, but we found that they were less accurate. We did not find that the p LDH-specific tests were more accurate. The most accurate test is a p LD harm antigen (p. lehman), which can be detected by imaging the human hair. The pLDh antibody-based tests are more accurate than the p. leukopoetin-based RDT tests, but the differences are small. The sensitivity and specificity of all the RDT test types is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated P. leukaemia.
We searched for studies that compared the length of time primary care doctors spent with each patient for each patient. We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the time doctors spent in the waiting room. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by the Health and Social care Board. We are uncertain whether short- or long-term short-changes in the length and number of consultations with doctors increase primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length or number of visits on the amount of time doctors spend with patients. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering length of primary care physicians' consultations. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of high dose versus low dose stavudine in people with HIV/AIDS. We found three small trials that were conducted in developed countries. All three trials were conducted with participants who were ART experienced. All were male and had sustained virologic suppression. The trials were at a high risk of bias due to the way they were conducted. The studies did not show a clear advantage in the effects on virolic response to stavuzine. There was no clear difference in the side-effects of stavUDine. The high dose trials showed a decrease in bone mineral and fat levels, and a decrease of blood lipids. The low dose trials did not indicate that any patients stopped taking stavudes due to side- effects. We conclude that there is no clear advantage of high or low dose of stvudine for the treatment of HIV/Aids. Furthermore, the trials were small, all were in the developed world, and none were from poor or developing countries. The results of this review should be viewed with some care.
We included 10 trials with 16 58 participants. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in death rates in the intensive care unit (ICU) and in the 28-day period (28 days) without increasing the risk of death in hospital. Data from four trials (1450 participants) and pooled data from four studies (1313 participants) did not show a difference in in-hospital mortality. Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma (bronchial sepsis). We found significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials. Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included an "open lung ventilation" strategy, whereby the intervention group differed from the control group in aspects of the ventilation strategy (including co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), making interpretation of the results difficult. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-co-intervention as part in an open-lung ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome.
This review aimed to assess the effects of psychological treatments for people with asthma. Fifteen studies, involving 687 participants, were included. The quality of the studies was poor and sample sizes were often small. However, some pooled effects were found. The results of the review suggest that people who received CBT may have a lower use of 'as much' asthma medication and a higher level (FEV1), but the results were not consistent. People who had CBT had a lower FEV, but the findings were not conclusive. People in the CBT group had a higher peak flow rate (measured by the Peak Expiratory Flow (PEV) test) than people in the group who had a control. People taking CBT did not have a higher FEV than people who had no CBT. People on CBT were more likely to have a better level of quality-of- life, but this was not consistent with the results of a control group. There was no difference in the level of depression between people who were treated with CBT and those who were not. The findings of this review were conflicting. This may be due to the different type of CBT, the small number of people in each group, the poor study design, and the small sample size.
We searched for studies that compared antidepressants with benzodiazepine (an anti-psychotic) drugs (drug) in people with a panic attack. We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The majority of studies were of low-quality. We did not find enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and tolerability of antidepressants and benzodiazapine. We also found that there was no difference between antidepressants and the benzodizapine in terms of response rate, but there was some evidence that benzodazepine was better tolerated than antidepressants. We could not find any evidence that there were any differences between individual benzodozapine drugs. We were unable to assess the long-term side effects of antidepressants or benzoduzapine, and we found no evidence that either drug was better or worse than the other. We concluded that the quality of the evidence was low or very low, and that further high-quality studies are needed to answer our review question.
This review of trials found that there is a lack of evidence to support the use of metal stents in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. There is some support for the use, in terms, of a lower risk of recurrent bile duct blockage when using a stent made from a piece of metal. There was no evidence of a difference in risk of death, technical failure, surgical failure, or complications. There were no trials that looked at the use or lack of use of a stenting device that was made from plastic.
We included five studies that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation or Dopple-ear guidance. Four studies compared ultrasound with palpate, and one study tested Doppler audio assist. We found that ultrasound guidance improves first- and second-trick catheters in paediatric patients. We did not find any studies that looked at the rate of complications. We also found that the first-trampusment of the cathets was more likely to be successful with the use of ultrasonography (a type of ultrasound). We found no studies that measured the rate or complications of ischaemic shock. We rated the evidence as of high- to very high- quality. We included five randomised trials with 444 catheter-assisted cathests. We were able to combine the results of four of the five studies, which were of good quality. The results of the other two were of low- or very-low- or unclear- quality, and we could not tell if the results were influenced by the type of expertise of the practitioners. We could not be sure that the results would be the same for the first time, but we found that there was a greater chance of success at the first try with ultrasound guidance in infants. We are uncertain about the effect of the first first-tamponment of catheting on complications. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of events reported.
We included one small randomised trial (80 male student participants from the Netherlands and published 2009) and three ITS (three ITS) studies (80 general population studies in Canadian general population (1970s) and 80s) that compared the effects of alcohol advertising restrictions with no restrictions. The results from the three ITS were inconclusive. The RCT (80 men) found that young men who were given a low- alcohol content drink less than men who had been given a high-alcohol-content drink. The ITS (80 males) found no difference in the amount of high- or low-calm drinks that they drank. The three ITS studies were also inconclusive, and each of the three studies was of very low- or very low quality. The two ITS studies that compared a ban on all forms (total or part) of alcohol ads with a ban of only a small amount of alcohol (part of a ban) found a small increase in the number of people who drank more than the people who did not. The other two ITS (included 80 male and male only) found an increase in beer and wine sales. The GRADE approach (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach), which is a method to assess the effects and quality (effect) of a study, was not used. We found no studies that assessed the effects (adverse) of the ban. The quality (GRAD) of this review was very low. The studies were at a high risk for bias, which means that we are very unsure of the results. The review found no clear evidence that the ban on alcohol ads increased or decreased alcohol intake. The authors of the GRADE method found that the number (or lack) of effect of the alcohol ban on the amount and amount of beer and other forms (such as wine, spirits) was increased. The study that compared full bans on all types (total and part) or a ban
This review of trials found no difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, short- and long-term weight gain, or incidence (NEC) in infants. There was conflicting data (two studies), as to whether infants were more or less able to drink from a bottle (milk) when given MCT or LCT. There is no evidence of effect on the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis (NVC), a severe bowel disease, when high and LTC were compared. There were no studies that looked at long- and short- term growth and development. There are no evidence that MCT is better than LCT for short-- and longer-term outcomes.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one small randomised controlled trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of the reporting and lack of information on blinding. Transcervical saline was given to women at a rate of 10 mL per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL perminute until delivery, compared to no ammiotic fluid until delivery. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniolence. The evidence is current to February 2017. The study did not report on the number of babies that died or had severe complications (such as brain injury, brain damage, or admission to intensive/high care). The study also did not provide information on the rate of caesarean section. The amnial fluid was given in a room temperature saline solution. The women in the amnion infusion group had a lower temperature at delivery compared to women in a control group. The reduction in the temperature found may be a direct cooling effect of amninal saline, rather than reduction of infection. The number of women who developed endometritis (inflammation of the lining of the uterus) was not different between the groups. The duration of antibiotic treatment was not reduced in the control group, nor was the number women admitted to hospital. The included study did report on this review's other primary outcome (perinatal death or severe illness). The reduction of the baby's temperature at birth was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The majority of this review’s secondary outcomes were not reported in the included
The review authors identified three studies, with a total of 1620 participants, that assessed the accuracy of the Mini-Cog in the detection of cognitive decline. The studies were of poor quality. The results of the studies were not consistent and the studies had limitations in their methods. The authors of the review conclude, that there are few well-conducted and well-reported studies that have been conducted to assess the accuracy, relevance, and utility, of the mini-COG as a screening test in the community.
We included 19 studies that investigated the effectiveness of amphetamine drugs for ADHD. These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-age (35.3 years), white (57.2%), and had a combined type (type 2, 3, 4, 5, 6) of ADHD. Eighteen studies were conducted in USA, and one was in both the USA, Canada, and the USA. Ten studies were multisite (where people from two or three countries were included) and one each in the USA (Australia, Canada and the UK). The studies were of short duration (less than six months) and involved a total of 2521 people. The studies compared amphetamines with placebo (a pretend drug) or with other drugs. We found no evidence that amphetaminas improved ADHD symptom severity compared to other drugs, but we found that amphetamine treatment improved the severity of ADHD symptoms. We also found that all amphetines were efficacious in reducing the severity and number of people who dropped out of the studies because of side effects. We did not find any evidence that any amphetine was better than any other drug for reducing the number of ADHD-related side effects, but there was some evidence that dexamphetamine was better at reducing the symptoms of ADHD than lisdexamfetamine. We could not find evidence that different doses of amphetamine were better than one another for reducing ADHD symptoms, but the quality of the evidence was low. We were unable to determine whether amphetamines were better at keeping people in treatment groups. We rated the quality as low or very low because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of people in the studies. We judged the quality to be low because the studies were small and had some methodological flaws.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were diverse with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that we looked at, the dose of vitamin D that was given, co-interventions, and the outcome measure used. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2016. The review found no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition. Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence). Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of vitaminD across different chronic painful diseases is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic painful disorders needs further investigation.
This review of studies found that a combination of professional and non-profit interventions can help to improve the health of people with type 2 diabetes. In all the studies, the interventions were aimed at the health professional. In 12 of the studies the interventions targeted at health professionals, in nine they were aimed directly at the management of care, and 20 were aimed both. In 15 of the included studies, patient education was added. A combined approach to health care can help health professionals to improve their performance. The effect on patient health is less clear. The review found that the use of patient-oriented approaches (elevating the role of the nurse) can lead to improved health for people with diabetes. The addition of non-professional patient-focused approaches can help with the health care of people who have type 2 diabet.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) that compared the use of birth-stopping birth-pregnant women's birth-control pills (under 20 weeks of age) with birth control pills (over 20 mg/day) or with other birth control methods. The studies included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 women. The trials compared the following birth-controlling methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG-iUS 12 µg or 16 µg versus LNG. The LNGs were compared to the copper T380A intrauterinesure device (IUD). The trials comparing two different types of methods did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the LNG -IUS group, which may have little clinic relevance. The trial comparing LNG 12 versus L NG-Ius 16 showed similar efficacy over one and three years. In three trials that examined different LNG, the L NGs showed similar effectiveness over six to 36 months. Different doses in the Lng-IUs did not appear to influence efficacy over three years, and in another study, continuation of the LGG-IS appeared at least as high as that for the COC. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review of trials found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms, asthma medication use, and bronchial re-reactions. There were 42 trials of immunotherapies (inactive drugs) for house mite, 27 for house dust mite and 10 for other animal dandies. There was no consistent effect on lung function. There is a need for more research in this field.
This review of six trials found that lung-protective ventilation reduced death at 28 and at the end of the stay in the hospital. The effects on long-term deaths are not known. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and the long-lasting effects of this treatment. The trials were of poor quality. The review found that the use of a lower tidal volume (31 cm H 2 O) was not better than a higher level (31 C) of tidal pressure.
We included 15 studies with 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients with acute ischaemic shock is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. We identified no high-quality studies that compared the two techniques. The results of our review should be interpreted with caution. We recommend that future studies should be designed to compare the two methods of giving the drug intravenously. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
This review identified four trials including a total of 15,936 hypertensive patients. The average age of the patients was 75.4 years. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660) and there was considerable heterogeneity between the trials. The results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment (Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) = 0.42, 95% CI 0.30, 0.53). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were reduced significantly in the three studies assessing this outcome (W MD = -10.22, 95/CI -10, 10.78, -9.66 for systographic blood pressure, WMD = -4.28, 95-CI -4,58, -3.98 for diastographic blood blood pressure).  Three trials reported adverse effects requiring discontinuation of treatment and the combined results indicated no difference (OR = 1.01, 95+ CI 0 to 1.11). When analysed separately, however, more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the number that received active treatment, this introduced bias. There is no convincing evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive hypertensive participants with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. The evidence is up to date to September 2015. In complex lesions, there were no differences in re-stenosis rates at six months and at one year in those receiving PTCRA with adjunctive balloon angioplasty (PTCRA/PTCA) compared to those receiving angioplastasty alone. PTCra/P TCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period. Compared to angioplanasty alone, PTCra did not increase the risk for major adverse events (MI, emergency cardiac surgeries or death). P TCRA/PCTA did not reduce the risk that patients experienced a spasm, perforation or transient vessel occlusion. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCA in non-complex lesions. Morphological characteristics of complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised controlled trials.  In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTCa), PTCR may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. The quality of the evidence for the effectiveness of P TCRA in in-stent re-steenosis is unclear. We found no long-term data to support the routine use of PCTRA in the routine routine use for in-ventricular re-stents.
This review identified three randomised trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 children under 24 months of age. Two of the trials were multicentre trials comprising only children with bronchiolitis and the other was a single trial with a small sample. All three trials were from the USA. The results of the three included studies did not support the use of nebulised rhDNase in children under one year of age hospitalised with acute bronchiolytic bronchitis. In these patients, nebulisation did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, how the patients were selected, how it was done and how it could be used to conceal the method. The second was a large, well-conducted and well-reported study, with few sources of bias. The two studies were of good quality. We found no difference in the risk of death, aneurysm exclusion, major complication rate, wound infection or long-term complication rate. There was no difference for bleeding or haematoma. The perctaneous approach was faster than the cut-down femoral artery access approach. We also found no differences in the length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ITU), the length (time) of treatment in the hospital and the length and number (time spent) of time in the aneuryseum. We downgraded the quality (from high) to'moderate' quality of the evidence because of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was more likely to cause allergic reactions. Discontinuation rates were higher with the sponge than with the diaprogm. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermecide in the treatment of sexual transmitted infections or in the prevention of side-effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three were eligible. Due to differences between the studies, a meta-analys of the results was not possible. Two of the three studies looked at the use of drugs (methanercept, d-threo-chloride, dithraneol, and donepezil) to prevent cognitive deficits. The third study looked at a rehabilitation program for the prevention of cognitive deficits but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. Three of the studies looked into the use (or potential use) of a drug (methylphenidate, modafinil, and d- threo methylphenidate) to treat cognitive deficits, but the results were inconclusive. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenide and modafenil arms; few adverse events were reported. The second study found no statistically significant difference between arms, with few adverse effects. The other two studies found improvements across all cognitive tests, but there were a number of adverse events. Both studies were limited by a small number of participants. The final study did not find an improvement in the primary cognitive outcome of overall performance, but did find improvement in an individual test of memory, compared to placebo; adverse events, but no other adverse events or differences were reported between groups were reported in the third study. No non-drug interventions were identified to prevent or ameliorate cognitive deficits in adults with brain tumours. There were a few limitations in the quality of the included studies. There is no strong evidence to support any non-medication interventions (drugs or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or amalioration of cognitive problems. Non-drug studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. Further research is required.
We found two studies that compared the effects of low-level laser treatment with a placebo (fake) laser treatment on the appearance of nerve damage in the lip and chin. The age range of the patients was from 17 to 55. Both studies were at high risk of bias. The evidence is current to September 2014. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on the perception of nerve injury in the upper lip and the chin. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in the subjective assessment of nerve sensation in the lower lip and in the chin, but the results were imprecise. There were no studies on the effects on pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. No studies reported on quality of life or adverse events. The overall quality of the evidence was very low as a result of limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the results and the imprecision of the data. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of nerve injuries in the inferior alveolar and lingual nerve injuries. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and the effects that delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodology problems that meant we could not combine their data. One trial (161 pregnant women) was based on a woman with a history of diabetes. It did not show a difference in the rate of miscarriage (miscarriage) and pre-term birth (pre-term births less than 34 weeks of gestation). The second trial (involving 161 pregnant women who had had IVF) was also not shown a difference. This study did not report on this review's other main outcome (perinatal death) nor on the rate or number of pre-eclampsia (preterm birth). The trial did not find a difference for any of our other primary outcome (preinatal deaths) nor for the rate (preonant deaths) of the baby. The use of oestrogen and progestin was not shown to reduce the risk of cancer in the mother. There was no difference in other outcomes that we were looking for, such as: low birthweight (birth weight less 2500 g), low birth weight of less 2500 grams, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the unborn baby, cancer in reproductive system in the reproductive system, or cancer other than of the reproductive systems in the baby, or death of the child. There is an insufficient evidence from randomised trials to assess the use of combined oestrogens and progesterone for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups (1364) was 1364 and the number in the control groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short-term (usually 6 to 8 weeks) duration. Pooled results from fourteen studies (16 comparisons) showed that TCAs are more effective than placebo for depression treatment in primary healthcare. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (median NNT 9) and for SSRI from 7.7 to 8.8 (medians NNT 7.8) and the numbers needed for withdrawal due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 for TCA and 20 to 90 for SSRI.
This review of trials found that, compared with placebo (a pretend medicine) or other active treatments, ibuproen 400 mg was more efficacious than 200 mg for relieving headache pain and relieving the symptoms of migraine. The higher dose was better than the lower dose, and the higher dose had more rapid, but not total, relief. Ibuprune 400 mg did not differ from rofecoxib 25 mg for 2-hour headache relief or 24-hour relief. Soluble formulations of ibuprine 400 mg were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but did not provide complete relief from headache pain. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibupronfen and placebo. Ibupprofen 400 mg is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of sufferers, but complete relief and associated symptoms for only a minority. Adverse events were mostly minor and transient.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials with 3497 participants with dry eye. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison. All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no between-treatment differences. Our review also found that OTC synthetic tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias. OTCificial tears may provide a safe and effective means for treating dry eyes; however, the literature indicates that the majority of OTC tears may have similar efficacies. This conclusion could be greatly skewed by the inconsistencies in study designs and inconsistencies in reporting trial results. Additional research is needed before we can draw robust conclusions about the effectiveness of individual OTC tear formulations.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared the effects of second-line regimin regimins with first-line treatment. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamvudine and those who did not, in their later regimines. Two small studies of low quality suggest no difference for virolotic suppression whether or not lamvulid is maintained in a second-lung regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-lunar treatment failure on non-thymidine analog combinations. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimens is encouraging. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies involving 8,206 participants. We found that all the tests had relatively low sensitivity, which means that they are less accurate than we would expect. We also found that the tests were not very accurate in identifying difficult face mask ventilation, difficult laryngoscopy, difficult tracheal intubation, and failed intubations. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of the tests to identify difficult tracings. We identified that the upper lip bite test was the most accurate test for diagnosing difficult traceal intutation, but it was not as accurate as the other tests. We could not find studies that tested the tests for identifying difficult tracental intubes, difficult face masks, or failed intubes. We judged the risk of bias in the studies to be variable, and we mostly observed low risk of biased studies for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of biases for reference standard and index tests. The studies were generally of good quality. We concluded that the studies were of low to moderate quality.
This review of trials found that the use of probiotics reduced the number of days that diarrhoea lasted and the number that stool was seen. Probiotics were also effective in reducing the number and duration of diarrhoeas and the frequency of stool stool. Probiotic regimens were generally well tolerated and no adverse events were reported.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with care provided by the standard care provider (a 'piloting' group) and a'standard care control (a group that received care by a nurse) for 18 months. The study was of low quality. We found that nd therapy was better than care by the control group for social function and for the engagement with non-inpatient care in both the short term (up to 6 and up to 12 months), and in the short-term (up-to-12 months) and the long-term, (up six months to 12 and 12 months) effects of nid therapy-enhended standard care versus care by care by standard care providers alone. However, the results of this study were not statistically significant. Results concerning engagement with services favoured the intervention group in both short term and medium term, but the results were not statistical significant. The results of the study were also mixed for the adverse effects/events of death. The quality of the evidence was very low for social functioning, engagement with care, service use, and economic outcomes. The evidence was of very low quality for the outcomes of social functioning and engagement with other services. The included study was small and the results are not conclusive.
We searched for studies that compared the effect of pregabalin to a dummy drug (placebo) or to no treatment. We found eight studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which people were randomised at the start of the study to pregapalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. The results showed that pregabsalin 300 to 600 mg produces a major reduction in pain intensity over 12 to 26 weeks with tolerable side effects for a small proportion of people (about 10% more than placebo) with moderate or severe pain due to fibromyalgia. The degree of pain relief is known to be accompanied by improvements in other symptoms, quality of life, and function. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced side effects. Specific side effects were more common with pregabbyalin than placebo, in particular dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema. Serious side effects did not differ between active treatment groups and placebo. Withdrawals due to side effects (for any reason) were about 10% higher with pregalban than placebo (high quality evidence). The quality of the evidence was high for most outcomes. The quality was very low for serious side effects, and very low quality for other outcomes.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild preterm preeclampsia) that compared the use of a drug called Magnesium sulphate with a dummy drug (placebicarbonate). This trial did not show a difference in Apg score (a test of Apg at birth) or gestations (the gestations of the baby) at birth. There were more adverse effects (feels warm, flush, and dry) in the group taking Magnesium Sulphate than in the dummy. There was no difference in the rates of post-birth haemorrhage or the caesarean section. The trial did find that there were no significant side-effects in the treatment group. There is not yet enough evidence to assess the use and side-side-effects of MagS in women with pre-eclampic pre-term babies.
This review aimed to determine the effectiveness of smoking cessation programmes for smoking cessation in Indigenous communities. Four studies met all of the criteria for this review. Two used a smoking cessation programme that used a pharmacotherapy, one used a cognitive/breathe support programme, one through text message and one through a clinic doctor-trained programme. All four of these studies were of high quality. The results of the studies were pooled, which showed that the smoking quit rate in the intervention group was higher. The studies did, however, show that the number of people who quit was lower in the group of people with Indigenous heritage. This means that the results of this review are not conclusive. The review highlights the need for more research in this field.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We included studies that compared PAC with standard care in critically ill patients. We found that PAC did not affect the number of deaths in the ICU or hospital, or the length of stay in the intensive care unit (LOS). We also found that there was no difference in the time that a patient spent in the hospital, the time spent in hospital or the cost. We did not find that PAC changed the time a patient was in the general ICU, the length that a person spent in a hospital, and the cost of care. We also did not see a difference in time that people spent in an ICU. We rated the quality of the studies as high for death, LOS, and costs. We judged the studies to be at high risk of bias for all of the outcome measures. We thought the studies were at high or low risk of being at high- or low- risk of having a bias in the way they were conducted.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, is the method of choice for blood sampling. The use of a sweet tasting (sugar-free) saline or water-like substance prior to the blood sample is thought to help to reduce the pain caused to the baby.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women. The studies were conducted in the USA and were conducted between 1980 and 1990. The women were followed up for between two months and six months. The evidence is current to January 2013. The two studies were of poor quality and did not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of secondary suturing for the management of broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included studies separately compared Chinese medical herbs with antivirals (drug) and antiviral drugs, precluding any pooling. Most Chinese medical herbal medicines were found to be effective in reducing flu-like flu-type flu, but few were shown to be better than antivirials. There were no clear benefits of Chinese medical herb use in preventing or treating flu. Ten of 18 studies found mild side-effects. No side- effects were found in the studies. The quality of the included studies is weak. More high- quality studies with large sample size and clear reports are needed. The review found that most of the Chinese medical medicines were similar to the drugs in preventing and/ or treating the flu. No clear benefits or harms were found.
We searched for studies that compared the use of thrombolytic agents to placebo (dummy drug) or to a drug that was not thrombotic. We found 8 studies that met our inclusion criteria. These studies included a total of 558 participants. The studies compared thrombos with placebo, drug treatment with another treatment, or both. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that thrombolide agents, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange are effective and appropriate therapies for immediately restoring catheter patency in dysfunctional cuffed and tunnelled HD catheters. There is no evidence to suggest any specific treatment is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. There was no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis access or risk of side effects. The certainty of the evidence was low due to the fact that it is based on only one study with wide confidence limits, high risk of bias and imprecision in the estimates of adverse effects. There were no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have a high risk for bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement. Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised) that met our inclusion criteria. Fifteen trials (in 20 treatment groups) reported tumour growth, and 11 trials (14) reported time to the start of the disease. The trials were of mixed quality. The addition of a drug to the standard treatment was found to be beneficial in terms of tumours growth, but did not improve survival. The results of the trials did not show a difference in time to death, but the results of these trials suggest that the drug may be beneficial. The drugs were also linked to an increase in side-effects. The review found that the use of a combination drug plus the standard therapy did not increase the risk that the drugs would be toxic.
This review of trials found that a non-invasive neonatal intensive care ward is more likely to be safe and more convenient than an ICU. However, it is not clear if this is due to the length of stay in the ICU, or the fact that it is less likely to cause harm. There is some evidence that those who are treated in a non invasive nephrotic unit (NL) are more likely for discharge from the ICUs, but it is unclear if this was due to a shorter stay. The cost of care on the NL was higher in UK and US studies.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound treatment with one other, two studies used ultrasound as part of a multisystem treatment, and six studies used it in a multi-system treatment. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The evidence is current to August 2015. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. There is insufficient evidence to support the greater benefit of one type of therapeutic ultrasound regimen over another or to support using therapeutic ultrasound as a treatment with greater efficacy compared to other non-surgical interventions for CTS, such as splinting, exercises, and oral drugs. There was no evidence that one type or combination of therapeutic and non-treatments was better than another. No studies reported any side effects of therapeutic or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. More studies are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of therapeutic ultrasonography for CT.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastat, atorivastin, simvastsatin, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. The evidence is current to August 2013. We found that statin therapy alone had a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular events in patients with a previous history of stroke or TIA. There was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death. Three statin trials showed a reduction in subsequent serious vascular events. There is evidence that statins significantly reduce subsequent major coronary events but only marginally reduces the risk of stroke recurrence. There were no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in patients who had previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later. In view of this and the evidence of the benefit of statin therapies in patients without a history of heart disease, patients with ischaemic stroke or stroke or a history in whom heart disease has already been established should receive statins.
This review of trials found that comprehensive tobacco control programmes, which include mass-market media campaigns, can be effective in changing people's smoking habits. There is some good-practice research in the field, but the evidence is of mixed quality. There are a number of reasons why this is so. The most common are that the campaigns were not of high quality, were of short-term or of low duration, and were not well reported. There were few studies that looked at the effect of the campaigns on the age, ethnicity, or the type of person who was smoking.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances when compared with no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared to psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, sleep disturbances or anxiety in the short term. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercise. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate for yoga versus no therapy and very low for yoga compared with psychosomatic interventions. The results of the review suggest that yoga might be an effective supportive intervention for improving health- related quality oflife and reducing fatigue and night-time sleep disturbances, as a supportive intervention when compared against no therapy. However, the quality of evidence was very low or low for other outcomes. The included studies did not adequately report safety-related data. The overall quality of this evidence was low or very low. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of studies.
We searched for evidence on the use of early post-operative brain scans to assess the effects of different types of glioma. The search is up-to- date as of February 2017. We found one study that compared early postoperative brain imaging (within 48 hours of surgery) with no early postoperatively-scanned brain scans. This study included 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics in the two groups were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early brain scans with respect to survival at one year after diagnosis of glooblastomatosis and at two years after diagnosis. No other review outcomes were reported. We did not find any evidence on whether other imaging schedules are more effective than early post operative brain scans, or whether there is any difference in the cost between the two imaging strategies. The evidence is current to February 2017, when we found one small study that was of very low certainty. The study was of a single study with a high risk for bias. The limited evidence suggests that early post surgical brain imaging among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment may make little or little difference to survival. However, early post surgery brain scans also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. In addition, the evidence suggests no difference in survival between early post and no postoperative imaging. The effect of different imaging strategies on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in gliomas seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based. The use of imaging schedules for different types and types of GBM seems to be based on practical considerations rather than on evidence-derived conclusions.
We included three studies randomising a total of 161 people with schizophrenia. The evidence was current to September 2014. The review found that there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine in terms of improvement in global state, but there was a similar number of people with parkinsonism at eight weeks. There were no data on the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiAPine fails to provide high-quality trial based data. However, the need to determine whether metiabine is more or less effective than chlorpromamide seems to be lacking in clinical relevance and future research on this comparison seems unlikely.
This review of trials found that the use of nitroimidazole, mesalamine, azathoprine/6MP, infliximab, budesonide, tenvil, tenovil, and inflixIMB all appear to be effective in the treatment of post-operative Crohn's disease. The use of these drugs is not superior to a dummy drug (placebo). The use is also not better than a dummy pill. The cost, side-effects, and tolerable of these agents need to be taken in account when choosing the best treatment.
We included seven randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 785 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. Comparison 1: cognitive and coping skills programs versus twelve- step programmes (one trial, 41 participants) There was no significant difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol abstinence assessed with Substance Abuse Calendar and breathalyser at one year: risk ratio (RR) 2.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.10 to 55.06); and retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment: RR 0.89 (95%, CI 0.62 to 1.29), or for any of the secondary outcomes reported. The quality of evidence for the primary outcome was very low. Comparison 2: brief intervention versus treatment as usual (three trials, 197 participants) The quality was low for both the primary and secondary outcomes (participants' alcohol use, alcohol use at three months, and retention rate at three-month, measured by the Addiction Severity Index-alcohol score (ASI) at two months). There was also no significant differences between groups in the other primary outcome, retention in the treatment program, or for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. The evidence for retention in drug use at end-of-treatment was low. The data were not available for retention of alcohol use or retention in other outcomes. Comparison 3: motivational interviewing versus treatment only or educational intervention only (three trial, 462 participants) No significant difference was found between groups (alcohol use, scores on the Addiction Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) or the Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) at three month, or
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) that looked at the effects of quinine for muscle cramp. We found 23 trials with 1586 people. Fifty-eight per cent of these people were from five unpublished studies. The trials compared quine to a dummy pill (20 trials), placebo, theophylline (a drug that looks and acts like quinaine), quininesulfate (a medicine that looks like quine), theophosphamide (a substance that looks, acts like a vitamin E), and xylocerein (a muscle relaxant). We found no new trials for this review when we searched for them in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials was varied. All 23 trials claim to be randomised, but a small number of people in the studies described how they were carried out. The studies were of low or very low quality. The most common quinne dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The most commonly used quinane dosage was 200 to 300 mg per day. The evidence is current to September 2014. Compared to placebo, quinidine reduced cramps by 28% over two weeks by 28%, cramps days by 20%, and gastrointestinal symptoms by 3% (mostly gastrointestinal). The duration of cramps was not affected. A significantly greater number of participants suffered minor side effects on quinide than on placebo (mainly gastrointestinal symptoms). The risk for serious side effects was similar (1% to 2%). One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder) on quine. A quininine-vitamin E combination, vitamin E alone, and xylocereine injections into the stomach muscle were not significantly different to quinate across all outcomes, including side effects. Based on a single trial comparison, quineine
We found seven trials enrolling 406 individuals amongst whom 118 cross-over (in which people were randomly put in one of two or three groups) were added to the studies. Three trials enrolled women (202) with pregnant-related leg cramps, four trials (322) with cramps in the legs of people with idiopathic (elevated) cramps (elegant) muscle cramps. The trials were of mixed quality. The studies were small, and the results were not consistent. For idiopatic muscle cramp (elderly people who have nocturnal (i) muscle spasms) and 'idiopathia', we found that the number of cramps per week was no lower in the group of people who took extra calcium (magnetically active) than in the control (placebo). The number of people reporting a 25% or more decrease (25%) or a 25%) in cramps was no higher in the calcium-active group. The number reporting a reduction in cramp intensity (duration) was no greater in the treatment group. For pregnant-aged people (e) with rest cramps and (2), we found no difference in cramping frequency (moderate or 'low) in the two trials that looked at this group. We found no studies of people having pregnancy cramps or those with muscle spsts. We could not tell from the studies how many people had side-effects. We did not find any studies of adults with muscle cramping in the limbs (e). We found that people who had taken extra calcium-based treatment had a lower cramps than people who did not. We rated the quality of the studies as being of low or very low for most of the outcomes. We judged the quality to be low for cramps of the legs, and very low or low for the rest cramp outcome. We graded the quality as being very low to very low. We were
We searched for studies that compared a six-month home-based, combined muscle training and exercise program with a usual care group. The study was funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and the National Institutes of Health Service (NIH) through the National Health Service Research Award. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found one study that compared combined strength and aerobic exercise training with usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The training program was delivered at home in the gymnasium of a hospital. The participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of the people in the training group did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise program. The trial measured walking distance on the six-minute walk test, which is a test that measures the amount of distance that a person can walk in a single minute. The change in walking distance was not detectably different between the training and usual care groups. The exercise program did not improve lung function, but it did improve muscle strength. The quality of the evidence was very low. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very limited because of study limitations and imprecision. The results of the study were not consistent across studies. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. It is uncertain whether combined strength or aerobic exercise programs are beneficial or harmful in people with spinal cord injury. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people who have spinal cord injuries and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
We found two small trials (n = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy, immobilization, or both. One trial (81 patients with cervical radiculopathies) found that surgery was better than physiotherapy (elevator support), cervic collar immobilizing, or corsets for pain relief in short-term pain, and sensors loss. However, there was no difference in pain, strength, or sensation at one year. One of the trials (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelopathy) found no significant differences between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. Both trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculaopathy or myelopathies. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
This review of nine studies found that telephone consultation by different health care workers, such as nurses or health assistants, may have a positive impact on patient care. Telephone consultation may have an impact on the use of GP's, but more research is needed.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants. The evidence was current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Germany, France, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, New South Wales, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newyork, New Glasgow, New North Wales, South Wales and the UK. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for all outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared interventions to improve inhaler technique with no treatment. We included studies that looked at the effect of any type of training, such as face to-face or multidirectional training, or that used a variety (e.g., DVD, computer app or game) of inhaler training. We found 29 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We considered most of the evidence to be of low or unclear quality. Most studies were at low or uncertain risk of bias, which means that we are not sure how the results would be calculated. We were able to combine the results of three studies, which showed that people who had an enhanced face to face training with a multidioded inhaler session and multi-media-delivered inhaler treatment improved their inhaler techniques. However, the studies were too different from each other to be sure that this result would be valid. We also found that people with asthma who had multi- media-delivering inhaler therapy improved their technique more than people who received face-to-face training alone. We could not tell whether this was important for people with more severe asthma. We did find that people in the multi-medialysis group improved more than those in the control group. We are uncertain whether multi-modialysis training is beneficial for adults. We do know that multi-digital inhaler technology is useful for adults, but we are uncertain about its effect on children. We have no information about harms. We rated the quality of the studies as low or moderate for most outcomes. This means that our confidence in the results is limited. We judged the quality to be low for most of our results.
This review of three small trials, involving 226 participants, found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of mannitol in the routine treatment of people with stroke. The trials were too small to be sure that mannitor is effective. The change in symptoms was not reported in two of the three trials, and the proportion of those with a worsening (or not improving) or not improving (or both) condition did not change between the mannitors and the control groups. The trial of ischaemic (stroke that starts with a stroke that starts in the brain) stroke did not show a difference in the number of deaths or dependency. The evidence for the effect of manitol on the death and dependency of people in the larger ICH trial was not found. The effect of the manitol treatment on the case death and the case fatality did not differ between the two groups. Adverse events were not found or not reported. There is not yet enough evidence for people with a recent stroke to be able to make any conclusions on the effects of mananolol.
This review of six trials found that D-penicillamine appears to be effective in improving the disease activity of rheumatoids. Its effects on long-term function and radiology are not clear. Its efficacy is similar to that of some other drugs, but with a higher risk of side-effects.
We included four relevant trials. The trials were of low quality. All of them were of poor methodological quality. The results of the studies suggest that decoctions of Huangqi compounds may stimulate immunocompetent cells and decrease side-effects in people with lymph cancer. There was no evidence of harm. We need high quality studies to determine the effects of decoction of Astragalus spp., as well as of Huangchi compounds, on chemotherapy-related side effects.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of vitamin A and/or DHA for people with RP. We included three randomised trials that compared vitamin A with vitamin D or DHA, or both, in people with all forms of RP. The trials included 866 people with a range of age from 4 to 55. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The three trials evaluated vitamin A alone, vitamin A plus DHA versus vitamin A, and vitamin A versus vitamin DHA alone. The evidence is current to January 2018. The review found no clear evidence that vitamin A or D HA improves vision in people who have RP. No adverse effects were reported in these three trials. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any of the other trials. Based on the results of three RCTs, there is no clear benefit of treatment with vitamin A/DHA for RP, in terms of the average change in visual field and ERG amplitude at one year and the mean change in vision at five years follow-up. In future RCTS, since some of the studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue. Future trials should take into account the changes observed in ERGs and other outcome measures from trials included in this systematic review, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure adequate power to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms.
We included three randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 414 people at risk of job loss. The majority had inflammatory arthritis and most had had a history of having a flare up of rheumatoid arthritis. The studies were carried- out in rheumatology clinics, both in or out of hospitals. The trials aimed to prevent job loss and work absenteement by a range of ways: first, by assessing work change or adaptations, and second, by giving advice and/or guidance to workers on how to change their work. The duration of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour to six- to eight one to two-hour sessions over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician (one study). The results of the studies suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the two RCTs investigating job loss, the larger one (n = 242 participants) reported a large reduction in job loss (relative risk (RR) = 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.18 to 0.68) and the other RCT (n= 140) reported similar effects in both groups, although the CI was very wide (RR = 1.05, 95%) and we judged it to have a high risk of bias. The latter one probably suffered from performance bias and we assessed it to be of high risk. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up (MD = -2.42 days, 95%). Finally, in the same small trial (n of 382 participants) there was a
We searched for studies that compared the effects of giving arginine to pre term infants who were born before 37 to 36 weeks' gestation (before the first trimester) to prevent NEC. We found three studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginines and 140 received placebo) from three countries. The evidence is current to August 2015. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC (any stage) among preterm neonates in the arginaine group compared with the placebo group and rated the quality of evidence as moderate. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of development of the NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%) and NEC stage 2 (RR 1.13, 95%) in the ARG group compared to the control group. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the arkinine and control or no treatment groups. Mortalities due to NEC were not significantly reduced between the ARginine and placebo groups. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. Investigators noted no significant side effects directly attributable to arginin, including hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed.
We found four trials involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus a dummy drug (placebo), no treatment, or a placebo (a pretend drug). The trials lasted 15 or 21 days. The rates for loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. The trials showed that people receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or complete relief of their sinus symptoms than those given a fake drug. In the higher dose group, mmetasone- fureate 400 µg was more likely than 200 µg. No major side-effects were reported. The quality of the trials was high. The evidence is limited for the acute sinuitis of acute sinuses, which is confirmed by radiology or endoscopies.
This review of trials found that giving low doses of the antibiotic vancomycin to pre term babies with low birthweight babies (at birth) to prevent sepsis (sepsis) in the newborns reduces the risk. There was not enough evidence to know if the low dose of vancoma-prophylaxis prevented the babies from being born with resistant organisms.
We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore not enough to be sure that the choice of dressings or other treatments for wounds healing by second-wound care is influenced. We found that a single small trial of aloe vinca supplements versus gauze suggests that the wound may heal more slowly, but this is uninterpretable. A single small, low-cost trial of a plaster cast applied to a stump found that it was more likely to speed up wound healing than an elastic compress. There were no differences in the length of time that the wounds took to heal for the other dressings (e.g., gauze, foam). There was no difference in the time that it took for the wound to heal with foam. There was some concern that the use of gauze was more painful than the use foam. The use of foam was not as good as gauze for pain relief, but foam was cheaper. There is a need for more trials to be done to find out which dressings are best.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies that compared different methods of birth-stopping pills, birth-pills, and birth-control pills with each each each with a dummy pill. We found two trials of pills with progestins and two of pills without progestin. We also found three trials of birth control pills with a levonorgestre-re releasing intra-steroid system (LNG) that is a device that releases hormone hormones. We did not find any trials of other birth-controlling drugs. We looked at the effects of birth and birth control on breast milk volume, breast milk content, or growth. We included studies that looked at birth-birth-control use in the mother, her breast, or both. We only found studies that were of good quality. We could not tell if the birth-bump pills, the LNG, or the birth control pill had an effect. We were not sure if birth-prostagens were more or less likely to be given birth-controlled pills. We had to be able to tell if birth and breast-bumping pills or birth-prefertals had an impact on breast and breast milk volumes. We wanted to know if birth or birth control use had an influence on the length of time a woman breast-fed, the breast-milk content, and the number of babies that were born. We tried to find studies that had been done for at least three months. We wrote to researchers to find out if birth control methods had an important effect on breast or breast milk. We searched for studies published before 1985 and found six studies that included 1482 women. We added seven studies that we could include in the review. We rated the quality of evidence as moderate for birth-related outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low for breast milk and birth and baby growth. The evidence was limited for any particular method. The studies were of moderate quality overall and low quality
We found 10 studies that compared the effectiveness of red-light cameras in reducing the total number of crashes in the road. The studies were from the USA, Singapore, and the UK. The evidence is current to January 2013. The review found that red-camera use is effective in reducing total crashes. However, the studies did not adjust for the effects of the camera on the number of people who crashed, the number that overturned, or the number who were injured. The quality of the studies was not high enough to determine whether red-meter technology is effective. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution as most of the included studies did adjust for both the impact of the cameras on the total crashes and the impact on the amount of damage caused by the camera.
This review identified four trials involving a total of 494 patients. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of patients who had reached a level of INR 2.0 or more by day five. One of these three studies showed that a 10-mg warfarin-nomogram-guided warfarine loading dose (10 mg) was more likely to be effective than 5 mg for the proportion who reached a blood clot-free INR of 2.3 days. One study showed that 5 mg was more effective than 10 mg for reaching a blood clots free INR by 5.5 on the fifth day. One small study, which was of low quality, found that 5-mg was more successful in achieving a blood clamp free INr 2.2 to 3.0 on the first day of treatment. No difference was observed in the number of patients with major bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in the length of hospital stay. In patients with acute thromboembolism (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, considerable uncertainty surrounds the use of a 10 mg or a 5- mg loading dose for initiation of warfarins. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding optimal warfaren initiation nomograms.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model (providing care at home and in the hospital) with the usual care. One trial also looked at a geriatric-led care in-patient and in-home care. The trials were of low or low quality. None of the trials were designed to address the needs of people with dementia, and the data were from sub groups (the 'dissent groups') of people who had been in the trials. We found that some of the models of enhanced care and care may be effective in preventing delirium and length-of-stay in the short term for people with a hip fracture. There was low-certainty that these models may reduce the risk of delirulation and some other adverse events. There were no data from the trials on health- related health-related quality-life. We were not able, therefore, to draw any conclusions on the effects of these models on daily living or functional performance. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low or very low. The certainty of this means we are very unsure of the results. We downgraded the certainty to low or moderate for all of the main results. The main reasons for this are that we were not sure of the methods of the studies, and we were uncertain of the findings. We also downgraded our certainty to 'low' for most of the other results.
We searched for studies that compared the use of home-based nursing care for sick children with an acute or long-term illness to a standard of care provided by a nurse or midwife. We found seven studies with 840 children. We did not find any studies that looked at the impact of home care on health, but we found that home care was more costly for the service providers. We were not sure if home care had an impact on the health of the children. The studies did not show that home-care had an effect in reducing the length of stay in the hospital. We also found that parents' and children's views on home care were better, and that there was a greater parental and child's overall increased parental and family-centre-based level of satisfaction. There was no evidence that home home care reduced the length or cost of care. We are not sure how long home care can be provided and we need more research.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 40 studies that compared ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. The evidence is current to February 2016. The studies included 7524 people with severe mental illness. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The results showed that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and may improve social functioning. It also may reduce adverse events and the number leaving the study early. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for the outcomes adverse events, social functioning, and death by suicide. The overall quality of evidence was very low to moderate for the outcome service use. The main limitations of the included studies were poor reporting of study methods and a lack of information about the types of people who were included in the studies. The review found that ICm is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with mental illness, including reducing the number and severity of hospitalisations, and improving social functioning and adverse events. However, the quality of this evidence is very low. The most important finding is that ICMs are more likely to be successful than non- ICMs in reducing the time spent in the hospital and improving the quality and quantity of care.
This review of trials found that laparoscopic box model training (in which the box is placed on a dummy or a real model of the patient's body) improves the technical skills and performance of trainee laparoscopists. The time to complete the task was shorter in the box model group than in the no-box group. The trainee trainee had lower error score, and had a better overall score. The training was not reported on the other two main outcome measures (death, illness, and cost). None of the other outcomes were reported. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of bias (bipartite) (risk of overestimating the effects) (play) of the training, and by the play (play (of chance). The results from this review should be viewed with some trepidation as the results of the trials were not of high quality. The trials were at high risk (risk) of bias, which means that their results may be biased. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The review found that box model trainee surgeons with no prior laparospine had a shorter time to perform the task when they had box model trained. The impact of this on the time to finish the task and the cost of the procedure is not clear. The number of traineople who were able to complete a laparoscope procedure was also shorter in those who had box models. The effects of this decrease on the patients and the costs of the surgery are not clear, and the impact on the trainee is unknown. The evidence is up- to-date as of September 2014.
This review found two randomised trials that compared the use of perorococorticoids (a type of corticostoid) with saline (salt water) in people with cholangiographic and clinical primary sclerosing cholenitis. One of these trials, which was funded by the manufacturer, found that perorolucocortisones caused adverse effects (pancreatic acid, cholangeal septicaemic syndrome, nervous thoughts, and fluid retention). The other trial, which had 18 patients, found no evidence to show that perurol glucocortics (budesonide and prednnisolide) were better than prednisone or budsonide. There is no clear evidence to support the use or refute the use perororal glucocorts for patients with choroid cholopathy.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards a trend for better survival and a trend in favouring the early feeding of people with acute myelosuppressive disease. The review found no data on death. Further trials are needed. These trials should be large and should report not just the effects of early feeding but on death, as well.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and used a range (from 1-16) of different types of digital interventions. The evidence is current to September 2015. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% confidence interval (CI) 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) demonstrated that people who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls (moderate quality evidence), 15 studies (3587 participants) showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control participants (moderate evidence), and in 15 studies with 9791 participants (9791 people) participants drank one unit per occasion less than no control participants at end-of-study follow up. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at end. The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital intervention to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. The results of the studies were not consistent across studies. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of alcohol consumption, behaviour substitution and problem solving, and low for the outcome of behaviour replacement, problem-solving and credible sources of information. The main sources of bias were from attrition and participant blinding (36% and 21% of studies respectively, high risk of bias). The main outcomes were the effect of digital alcohol interventions on alcohol consumption. The effect of the interventions on the amount of alcohol consumed and the quality of evidence was low for behaviour substitution. The effects of digital programmes on alcohol intake were not clearly different from
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants. The studies compared benzodiazepines with placebo (a fake medicine), and we found 24 studies that were of low or very low quality. The review found that benzodazole was more likely to be effective than a fake medicine in the short- and medium- term, and that it was more acceptable to the patients. The drop-out rate was lower with benzodiazole than with a fake treatment. The number of people who were able to respond to the treatment was higher with benzoids than with the fake medicine. The possible advantage of the drug was seen for the outcome of relapse, but we found no difference in the outcome for social function. The quality of the evidence was low. We judged 20 of the 24 studies as being at a high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. We also judged the quality for the other outcome measures as low. The included studies were of poor quality. We found that the number of dropouts due to side-effects (adverse events), which was more with benzoidiazepine than with fake medicine, was more than twice as high. We assessed the quality of this evidence as low, which meant we were uncertain about the validity of the results. We did not find any studies that compared benzoids with other drugs, so we do not know if benzodaxel is better than SSRIs. We do know, though, that benzoids are more likely than SSRs to be helpful for people with panic disorders, but the choice of benzodopa is based on the patient's preference. We suggest that future studies should be designed to look at the long-term effects of benzoids, and should examine the risks of dependence and withdrawal.
We found 13 studies that recruited 1520 participants. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline high blood pressure, people at high- risk of falls, people with high-risk of falling, and people with liver and kidney disease. The studies were of short term (one year or less), and the studies were small. The trials were of varying duration, and the style of tai-chi varied. The results of the studies varied. We found that tai chi may have a positive impact on blood pressure (salty blood), blood lipid (bad blood), total blood lipid, low blood lipid and high-lipid lipoprotein (HDL) levels. We did not find evidence that ta-chihau (tai-kung) had an effect on the risk of developing CVD. We could not be sure if tai Chi had an impact on the rate of CVD, but the results of some studies were not consistent. We were not sure if there was a difference in the risk for any of the CVD risk factors. We are not sure what the effect of taichau has on the health of people with CVD and we are not certain if it has an effect in terms of the risk factors for CVD (e.g., heart attacks, stroke, heart failure). We found no studies that looked at the effect on death, CVD events, all- cause deaths, or non-fate deaths. We do know that tae-chai has no long-term effects. We need more studies to find out if taechau has an important effect. We also need more long- term studies to look at the long- and short- term effects. The quality of the trials was low. The included in this review was down to the fact that the included studies were all small, had some risk of bias, and some of the results were not completely
We found 27 studies that tested family-based interventions to prevent children and adolescents from starting to smoke. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Twenty-three studies were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based programmes provided to all participants. These two groups of studies were considered separately. The quality of the evidence was moderate for most outcomes. There was moderate quality evidence that family-related interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a control group receiving no intervention. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to control groups receiving no treatment. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. The evidence is therefore strongest for high intensity family interventions used independently of school interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Based on this moderate quality of evidence a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because we could not include data from all studies. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. The overall quality of studies was moderate.
We found three studies that compared the effects of corticosteroids on nausea and nausea in adult cancer. The studies involved a total of 451 adult cancer patients. Two studies compared dexamethasone (an anti-cancer drug), a corticostimulant, to a dummy drug (dilute). The third trial compared a number of other drugs, in various doses, to the dummy drug. The trials were of low to very low quality. We found that the use of cortics resulted in less nausea and vomiting in people with cancer, but the difference was not statistically significant. The frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups, and the interventions were well tolerated. The quality of the evidence was downgraded from high to very-low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies.
We included 10 studies in this review. Three studies included HIV-infected children, four cystic fibrosis children and one each of sickle cell disease, cancer and low-birth- weight neonate. The studies lasted from seven days to three years. The evidence is current to September 2015. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection, cystic disease and cancer was moderate. There was no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events with antibiotics. There were no significant differences in the incidence of pulmonary tuberculosis in children with lung disease. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether antibiotics prevent pneumonia in children who have lung disease or have underlying respiratory disorders. There are no significant effects on quality of life. There may be an increased risk of infection with pathogenic strains of bacteria with either azithromycin or ciprofloxacin. There appears to be no evidence of increased antibiotic resistance. There appeared to be a reduction in the number of children who had to be admitted to hospital for pneumonia. There seems to be little or no difference in the rate of adverse effects. There appear to be few adverse events in children receiving antibiotics. The effect of antibiotic prophylaxis on growth in children in cystic diseases was inconsistent across the studies. There seemed to be an increase in antibiotic resistance in two studies.
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 519 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxide (100 participants) or carbon dioxide (96 participants). None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants), or surgical complications (very low quality of evidence), or on surgical morbidity (verylow quality of the evidence). There were no serious adverse events related to either nitrous or carbon oxide pneumoperitoneum (three studies; 196 participants). We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) with nitrous (or both) and carbon (or neither) on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low-quality evidence. Four trials randomising participants to helium (three trials; 69 participants) and carotid (five trials; 75 participants) compared with carbon dioxide. One trial randomised people to room air (70 participants) (70 people) or to carbon dioxide pneumoperitonum (76 people). The trial was at unclear risk of biased. There were insufficient evidence for any of the outcomes. There is no evidence to show that room air pneumoperittalum reduces hospital costs or reduces pain during the first day after surgery. The safety of nitric oxide, helium, and room air is yet to be established. The quality of this evidence is very low. The effects of the use of nitroglycerin and helium for establishing pneumoperititoneum compared with standard pressure pneumoperiteum are uncertain. Evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that room-air pneumoperiniteum may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery. Further trials on
This review identified 14 studies investigating the effects of the following the initiation (or maintenance) of corticostimulant drugs (dexamethasone) in pre term infants. Eight of the 14 studies were of high quality. The other eight were of low or very low quality. Fourteen of the trials were of moderate or low quality, and the other eight studies had small sample size. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that a moderate dose of dexamethaethasones given to preterm infants with a high risk of BPD was associated with an increased risk of developing BPD and abnormal development of the brain. The two trials investigating a high dose of cortica (high versus a moderate) showed no differences in outcomes between a moderate and a low dose of the drug. Four other trials investigating early initiation of dexaethaetin therapy compared with a moderately early or delayed initiation showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. The trial investigating a continuous versus a pulse dexametin regimen showed an increased rate of the combined outcome death or BPD when using the pulse therapy. Finally, two trials comparing a standard versus a participant-individualized course of dexasone showed no difference in the outcomes of death or brain injury and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher-dosage regimens on the incidence of B PD and neurodevelopment, recommendations on the optimal type of cortics, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation for the prevention of BDP in preterm babies cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large randomised controlled trial is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal corticosteroid dosage regimen.
This review of trials found that the evidence is current to January 2013. Eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people were included in the review. The trials compared several steroid drugs (corticosteroids, cortisone, hydrocortisone and dexamethasone) with aspirin, placebo or no treatment. The evidence is up to date to January 2014. The review found that there was no evidence that any of the steroids reduced the risk of heart disease in patients with acute rheumatic fever. However, the trials were old and the risk was substantial. The results should be viewed with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. New trials are warranted to assess the effects of corticosteroid drugs such as oral prednisone and intravenous methylprednisolone and the effects on other new anti-inflammatory agents. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachomatous funnels were less likely to be affected with this measure than no treatment. However, this was not confirmed in a more recent study. One of these two trials found that health care programmes, which used a small amount of water, did not show any reduction of trchomatoma. One study found that a small number (nine) of the studies showed that a health education programme reduced the number of trachoma cases. However this was also not confirmed by a second study, which found that this small programme did not reduce trachomas. One trial found that another fly control method, latrine provision, reduced trachum by 29.5% compared to no intervention. This was, however, not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed by another study. Another study found health education reduced the incidence of trctoma. These findings were not confirmed, however another study did not demonstrate similar findings. Health education had shown significant reduction of the number trachome in one study but another study showed similar findings to the first. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of tratchoma.
This review of fifteen studies (with 1043 participants) found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of tired-ness at the end-of-the-course and post-tuberculosis treatment, and may be more effective in reduced tired-streak symptoms when used in combination with other psychological therapies. There is a small number of studies that have been conducted to date, and these are of poor quality. There are no studies that compare CBT with other treatments, and more research is needed.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared vitamin D supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) in people with sickle cell disease. The study was conducted in the USA and involved 46 people with HbSS, HbSC, HBSβ+thal and HbSβ0thal. The participants were randomised to receive vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo for six weeks and were followed up to six months. The vitamin D group had significantly higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. The quality of the evidence was low for the vitamin D levels. The group receiving vitamin D had a lower health-related quality of life score than the placebo group but this was not significant at eight or 16 weeks. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, but again the quality of evidence was very low. The frequency of pain was reduced in the vitamin group but again, the quality was low. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin and placebo groups, but the quality and quantity of evidence were low. We considered the quality to be low for all outcomes. The evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplements (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines) and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D (eg. from the USA Institute of Medicine). Evidence of vitamin D in sickle cells is needed.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found only one study that recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) (a speech and language therapy). The study was conducted in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. The study compared the two interventions in a total of 26 children. The evidence is current to January 2017. The results of the study showed that, when delivered intensively, both NDP-3 and ReST may improve word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and the accuracy in connected speech. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP- 3 for accuracy of speech production on non-treatment words, and for accuracy in speech production of at least three word combinations. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were that only one small study was identified, and that the results were imprecise. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-2 and Re ST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children aged four to 12 with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Further studies are needed to strengthen the evidence base.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of antibiotic treatment to no treatment or to a fake treatment (placebo) in people with toxoplasmosis. We found four studies that randomised 268 people. One study in Brazil in both people with and with toxplasma retinochoroiditis was at high risk of bias. The other three were at a low or unclear risk-of-birchitis due to poor study reporting. One of the four studies in Brazil was at a high- risk- of-bias due to the small number of people in the study. The study in the UK in adults and people with active retino choroidritis reported that the severity of inflammation was higher in the control group when compared to the antibiotic-treated group. The UK study of pyrimethamine for four weeks reported an improvement in intraocular inflammation in treated participants compared with control participants. In the US study of a pyrimetic antibiotic for eight weeks intraocularitis had almost completely resolved by eight weeks in all participants, however in this study all participants received steroid treatment. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated people. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. There is currently no good evidence that antibiotic treatment leads to better visual outcomes. However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect. Further trials of people with acute and chronic toxoplasma retinosurgery affecting any part of the retina are required to determine the effects on visual outcomes of antibiotic therapy.
We included 43 trials involving 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of surgical and later fracture of the femur, and an increase in reoperations. There were no major difference in wound infection, death, wound wound closure or medical complications. Five of the 10 trials (623 people) of nail and hip screw compared for trochteric fracture found no major evidence to show any difference in complications. Two of these two types of nails (the intramedulary and the sliding) were found to be more prone to fracture healing problems than the fixed nail plate. Two trials (124 people), which were of better quality, found a trend for less bone-wound healing with the intrameudary nails. The SHS was found to have a lower risk of bone-fracture and reoperation problems. The sliding hip screws were more likely to be reoperated. None of the other nail and screw compared in this review showed a clear difference in post-operative complications, wound infection or medical outcomes. The HSS was found not to be superior to the SHS in terms of function. Further studies are required to confirm whether more recently developed designs of intramesyllary nail avoid the complications of previous nails. Intramedullary nails may have advantages over fixed angle plates for some unstable trochanteric fractures, but further studies are needed.
We searched for evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the benefits and harms (if there is any) of pneudocompressive (palliative) or medical (medication-based) treatment for bowel obstructions. We found one study that met our inclusion criteria. It included 47 women who were followed up for a minimum of six months after surgery. The evidence is current to January 2014. The study compared palliative surgery with medical management with either a combination of chemotherapy and radiotherapy or with a combination with a drug called Octreotide. The results of the study showed that women who received surgery had significantly better survival than women who had medical management. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not recorded and adverse events were incompletely documented. We could not identify any sub-groups of women who would benefit from one treatment or the other. The quality of the evidence was low. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and risks of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub- groups of women that are likely to benefit from either one treatment.
This review of four trials found that statins improved lipid profiles and reduced the levels of hormones (taken alone or in conjunction with the oral contraceptive pill) in a small group (244 women) of women with PCOS. There was no good-evidence that statin use improved menstrual regularity, the number of ovulation cycles, hirsutism (worsening of the hair) or acne. Statins did, on the other hand, improve blood lipids (such as triglyceride and high- density lipoprotein (HDL), but there was no evidence that statine use was beneficial for the body's fat and blood sugar levels. There were no major side-effects of statins.
We searched for studies of pneumatic treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. We found no new studies since the last review in 2012. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, radiotherapy techniques or radiotherapy. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy in women who have advanced cervical cancer, and therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Thus, this systematic review identified the need for a randomised controlled trial assessing the benefits and risks of palliative treatments for palliation of vaginal bleeding.
This review of trials found that, compared to radiotherapy alone, temozolamide prolongs the time to disease-free and slow the cancer growth and may have a positive effect on QoL. It does not seem to have an effect on quality- of- life. In the older, it may have delayed the cancer from spreading and may improve QoLS but there is a risk of early side-effects.
We found two studies that investigated interventions to improve the health of health care managers. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low- to low- quality data that private contracts for health care services may improve health care use. The other study provides low-to-low- quality results that show that training health care workers to perform different tasks (e.g., in-service workshops) may improve their performance. In three countries, health care system workers who did not receive the training had more health-care management shortcomings. No studies that aimed to evaluate the effects of retaining health-system workers on health-based outcomes were found. There is low- or low-level of research that shows that private health- care contracts with non-profit groups (e-government groups) may help to improve health-related health care access and use. There may be some evidence that training the health-sector workers to do these tasks (i) may be helpful, and (b), that the training may be effective. There was no study that looked at the effects on health care performance. More research is needed to assess the effects and costs of these types of training.
We included three studies that involved a total of 123 people. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. There was no description of concealment of the randomization sequence in two studies. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two of the studies. There were no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of intensive care unit stay. Duration of mechanical support, length of stay in the intensive care department, and hospital stay were measured in the three studies. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. There is some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, heart deformity and tracheastomy, and duration of intensive-care unit stay, and the length of ICU stay. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We included 50 trials (19 randomized controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) in this review. The trials included 12,877 participants who had their LDL (badger-density lipoproteins), or LDL cholesterol, measured. The people in the trials were of all age with and with or not heart disease. The studies were of short-term treatment (three to 12 weeks). The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to August 2015. The results of the trials showed that cerivastatin was about 250-fold more potent than fluvastatin, 20-fold stronger than atorvastin and 5.5-fold better than rosuvastarin in reducing LDL cholesterol. The effect of cerivASTatin on total cholesterol, total cholesterol and triglycerides was similar to that of fluvastsatin, but the effect of the drug on the LDL cholesterol was different. The effects of cervastatatin on HDL cholesterol were similar to those of fluvasculin and rosuventatin. The drug was also about 250 times more potent at reducing total cholesterol than at or near the starting dose. The drugs were similar in terms of side effects. The quality of the evidence was high for the effects of the drugs on the cholesterol and lipid measurements. The certainty of evidence for the effect on the effects on the lipid measurements was high. The risk of bias was low for the outcome withdrawals due to side effects, but low for lipid measurements because of the small number of participants and the short duration of the studies.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The evidence was current to May 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation did not reduce the risk of kidney injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery. It probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving remote iscaemic precontitioning. It is uncertain whether remote ischchaemic pre-operative preconditionsing by iliac cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote ischemic preconditional precondititioning in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in the acute phase of surgery in which the kidneys are damaged. The quality of the included studies was moderate to high. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of patients.
We included 12 trials with 703 participants. Eight trials (888 participants), including people with stroke, primarily investigated the efficacy of treatments for PSF. Six trials (734 participants) investigated the effectiveness of treatments to treat fatigue. The trials were small and varied in design, and some had a high risk of bias. The results of these trials were not consistent. Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy and safety of any of the interventions described. Some of the treatments described were feasible in people with a stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in larger studies with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We found three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 preterm infants. The trials were very small with only a total of 74 pre term infants enrolled. The intervention and the outcome assessments were not blinded to the clinical staff. The studies evaluated the use of insulin, al butersol inhalation and glucose and insulin compared to rectal cation-resin for hyperkalaemia. The combination of insulin and glucose inhalation was found to be superior to treatment with rectal resins. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of the insulin and sugar inhalation or the albuterol inhalations. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions for non-oliguric hyperkalemia (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested in randomised trials. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This review found that IVIg given within two weeks of onset of disease hastens the onset of recovery as much as PE. In children, IVIG probably hastens this process as much or more than PE. There were no significant benefits of IVIIg on the severity of the disease. There was no difference in the number of side-effects with IVI g and PE. IVIig is also more likely to be complete than PE, but it is not more likely than PE to be given for a long time. There is no evidence that PE hastens recovery in children. There are no trials in adults, but this review shows that, in severe disease, IVIs given within a few weeks of the onset, hastens healing as much and as quickly as PE, and that IVIs are more likely completed than PE in children with mild disease. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials with a total of 9330 patients. In 21 trials, 7597 patients were randomly assigned to a higher fraction of inspired air (high) or a routine (low) fraction (routine). The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The trials lasted between one hour and one month. The evidence is current to August 2016. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high fraction of oxygen was not associated with death from any cause, serious adverse events or length of stay in hospital. Similarly, when all trials were included, a higher percentage of inspired oxygen was associated with no death from all causes. In the trials using preoperative antibiotics, a large fraction of 80% or more of inspired blood oxygen was found to reduce surgical site infections. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The risk of adverse events, including death, may be increased by a fraction of 60% or higher, and as robust evidence is lacking for a beneficial effect of a fraction in 60% of inspired breath on surgical site infection, our overall results suggest that evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of a high percentage of oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery. Given the risk of attrition and outcome reporting bias, as well as other weaknesses in the available evidence, further randomized clinical studies with low risk and long-term follow-up are warranted.
We searched for evidence on 25 trials (3663 children) comparing oral antibiotics with no treatment in children up to 16 years of age with OME. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that oral antibiotics are associated with an increased chance of complete resolution of OME at various time points, but also with more side effects such as diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash. We also found evidence that children treated with oral antibiotics were more likely to experience diarrhoeas, vomiting or skin rash than those not receiving oral antibiotics. We did not find evidence that oral antibiotic treatment was associated with a decrease in the need for a ventilation tube insertion or in the occurrence of ear infections. We could not find any evidence that antibiotics were associated with any other important outcomes such as speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. We assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for the primary outcome of complete OME resolution at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) and low for the secondary outcome of Ome resolution at any time point. We rated the quality as moderate for both outcomes. We considered the quality and quantity of evidence for the other outcomes as low to very low. The main limitation of the review was that we could not combine the results of different studies, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are similar.
We found twelve studies that compared protein restriction with no protein restriction. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow the rate of kidney failure but not statistically significant so. The level of the protein intake in the diet varied from 1.1 g/kg/d (1.1 ml/min/month) to 1.7 g/m2 (1 g)/day. We found no data on the effects of protein restriction on health-related quality of life and costs. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality, and seven were of lower quality. The evidence was current to September 2014. The review found that people with moderate to severe brain injury who were already in rehabilitation were more likely to recover from their injury when they received formal treatment, and that commencing rehabilitation early after injury was supported by strong evidence. For people with mild brain injury, who were admitted to hospital with mild injury, those with moderate- to severe-type brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate or severe brain injuries benefit from routine follow- up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Intensive rehabilitation appears to lead to earlier recovery, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness of intensive rehabilitation has yet to be determined. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment where they are compared to a group of individuals who are also facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychology rehabilitation following severe brain damage. Not all questions in rehabilitation can either be answered by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies conducted in the contexts of routine clinical practice.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) that compared rooming-in versus separate care. The trial compared roomed-in care with separate care and compared the number of infants that received exclusive breastfeeding on the day after birth (the first day after the baby is born) with the number that received any breastfeeding at six months of age. The study was conducted in the USA and involved women who were breastfeeding their babies at home. The women were followed up for between one and six months. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in versus separate treatment for mother-infant separation. The quality of the evidence was low. The main outcomes were duration of any breastfeeding, frequency of breastfeeds per day, and the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding. The difference between the two groups was not significant. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was higher in the rooming group (86% versus 45%) compared with the separate care group (17% versus 17%). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. We found no difference found between the groups in the proportion that received either full mother-in or partial mother-child separation. We concluded that there is no evidence that rooming is better than separate care for mother and baby separation. Further well-designed randomised trials are needed to investigate full mother and infant rooming and separate care including all important outcomes.
This review of trials found that sanchi may be beneficial and safe for acute stroke, but the small sample and poor quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised trials are needed.
This review of trials found that the timing of implant placement was not clearly different in patients with and with no new teeth. There is a suggestion that implant placings that are placed right away are more prone to implant failure, but on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better. The review found that there is not yet enough evidence to decide if there is a need for augments to the implant.
We found two trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for us to use. The second trial compared PBT2 with placebo (PBRT) in 78 patients. The results of the two trials were not consistent. There was no significant difference in cognition between the two groups. One participant in the active treatment group had visual problems (impaftness) which were probably due to the drug. There were no significant effects on cognition on the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), or the ADS-Cog scale. There is no evidence to support the use of PBT1 in people who have mild Alzheimer’ s disease. The PBT-1 drug is not well-treatted. The planned phase II of PBRTs has been stopped. The drug is safe. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methods. The quality of both trials was poor. The participants in the PBT group had a higher mean IQ than those in the control group. The trial of PPRT was not well conducted and the results were not statistically significant. The trials were too small to be of benefit to people with Alzheimer's disease. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate cognitive efficacy.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all cause) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long-term as 12. Two trials specifically included children. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH patients. The evidence is current to September 2015. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 patients with pulmonary hypertension. There was an increased risk of adverse events with PDE- inhibitors, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and muscle pain. There were no clear benefits for the use of PDE inhibitors in PH-left-heart disease. There is some evidence that PDE inhibitor treatment may improve lung function in PH patients with chronic thromboembolic disease. However, the quality of the evidence was low due to imprecision of effect and heterogeneity across trials. There are no clear effects of PTE inhibitors on mortality. There appears to be some benefit for the treatment of PH- left-heart patients, but it is not clear based on the evidence available from trials. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this clinical setting, and clinicians should consider the side-effect profile for each individual when choosing which PDE drug to prescribe. Further consideration should be given to the long-lasting effects of these drugs.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received anaesthesia for hand, wrist, arm or arm surgery. The trials compared nerve stimulators (injections of nerve stimulants into the nerve) with single or multiple injections. We found that nerve stimulator use was more likely to reduce the risk of anaesthesia-related failure than single or single injection use. The time to readiness for surgery was shorter for single injections (three to four minutes) and for double injections (one to two minutes) than for single or double injections. The number of patients who experienced tourniquet pain was reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections, but there was no difference in the time taken for the patient to be ready for surgery. There was no evidence that nerve stimulation was associated with any side effects. The quality of the evidence was high for the reduction in the risk for anaesthesia failure and for the other outcomes. The evidence was of high quality for the comparison of multiple injections versus single injections, and was of moderate quality for other outcomes, including safety.
We found three studies that compared the growth of children with asthma who received beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day to a placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. All three studies were conducted in children with mild-moderate asthma. The average decrease in growth was 1.54 cm per year (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.15, -1%). The average growth rate was also 1.55 cm per child. The studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in the growth rate is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. If inhaled corticosteroids are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's symptoms and closely following growth.
This review of three trials (139 patients) found that APD has not been shown to have any significant advantage over CAPD in the treatment of people with PD. APD may however be considered to be considered a potential advantage in certain groups, such as in the young PD population, those in the workplace and those in employment or in the education of PD due to its psychosocial advantage.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS) and time to disease onset (PFS) and SM. The superiority of CRT in terms OS was seen in both early and late stage (I-I-II) HD and in early stage (II-III) HD. The risk of SM was higher with CRT, but not in the early stage. This was due to the need for more salvage treatment. The effect of CRTs was also seen in early and later stage (IV) HD, but this was due mainly to the fact that the early and more recent stage (AL) of HD was the most common stage. The results of this review should be viewed with some care as the results of the trials were not of high quality. The review found that IF- RT was better than CRT for early stage HD, and that it was better for early and early stage of HD. For more recent stages (II to IV), CRT seems to be the best treatment. For early stage, CRT is the best for most early stage and early and advanced stage HD.
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT (RCT) that compared two different opioids. Opioids (oral, transderm, and intrathecals) were given by mouth, through a vein, or through a skin patch. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The average duration of the treatment was six months. The majority of the participants were men. The evidence is current to January 2015. Many participants discontinued long-lasting opioid therapy due to side effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI) 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%]; intrathecal: 8.9%, [CI] 4.0%) to 26.1%. Many participants stopped taking opioids because of side effects, but the evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids long-time experience clinically significant pain relief. Whether quality of life or functioning improves is inconclusive. Many minor side effects occurred, but serious side effects including opioid addiction were rare. The quality of the evidence was weak due to the small number of studies and participants.
We searched for evidence on the effects of anabolic steroids on the healing of pressure ulcers in adults. We found only one trial with a total of 212 people. The trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, orally) with a dummy (fake) drug (placebo), which was an active substance (a substance containing 98%, 2%, and 2% of a substance called a protein that looks like starch) and an anabolite (a drug that looks and acts like a mineral) and a dummy. The study was stopped early when the futile analysis (interim analysis), in the view of the study authors, did not show that oxandolone was better than dummy for ulcer-healing. We are not sure if oxandolin increases or decreases the risk of serious adverse events. We assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. There was very low-certainty evidence on complete ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide 95% confidence interval (CI) of both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spinal cord injury patients). Thus, we are uncertain whether oxandrinone improves or reduces the complete healing of ulcers, as we assessed the evidence on this outcome as very uncertain. There is low-quality evidence on non-serious adverse events reported in participants treated with oxandroleone compared with placebo (downgrading once for imp recurrence and once as indirectness). Thus we are not certain whether oxanrolone increases or reduces non-significant adverse events, as there was no difference between the two groups. There were no serious adverse effects reported in the oxandolan-treated group. We were unable to assess pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. Overall the
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two trials to 'usual' care. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail. For both comparisons (email versus standard mail, email versus usual care and email versus care) there was a lack of evidence for patient or caregiver understanding and support. Results were inconclusive for patient and caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus 'usual care only', there was not significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of patient health status and well-being. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included trials were generally of poor quality. The results of this review are therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
This review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. Nine trials used post-Epley postural restrictions as their treatment. The results of these trials showed that post-postural restrictions improved the efficacy of Epley treatment in patients with BPP. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for verthoe intensity, or for the outcome of subjective assessment. There were no reports of any adverse effects. There is evidence that postural postural restriction may be an effective way to treat BPP, but it is worth noting that this is a small effect. There are no reports on the effects of mastoid oscillation, or of extra steps in the EpleY movement. There may be some patients who are unable or unwilling to wear a neck collar and find it difficult to sleep with their neck turned to the side.
We found four studies that compared the effectiveness of different types of surgery for people with rhinosnusitis with nasal cysts. These four studies included 231 people. The studies compared the use of different treatments, such as endoscopy, polyps and steroids, and the use or use of various types and dosage of steroids. The results of the studies were not consistent. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2014. The review found no evidence that one type of surgery is better than another in terms of patient-reported symptom scores and quality of life scores. There were no differences between groups in either the patient-specific symptom scores or the health-related quality of the life scores, and no differences were found for any objective measurements or olfactory tests. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. The overall quality of evidence was very low. The main limitations of the evidence were poor reporting of study methods, and imprecision. As the overall evidence is of very low quality, we are unable to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of different surgical treatments for adults with chronic rhinosinusitis with polyps. Further research is needed to investigate the effectiveness, safety and cost-effectiveness of different medical treatments for people who have chronic rhino-nose infections.
We included eight trials (709 participants) in this review. Seven trials were from Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, where zinc deficiency is a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified (non-fortifying) foods (1). Four trials (2) also looked at the effect on zinc-Fortified foods (3). The trials were of low or very low- or unclear or high-risk of bias. The trials lasted from 1 to 9 months. The evidence is current to August 2016. The studies were conducted in Asia, Europe and Latin American countries. The interventions were compared with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The results of the trials showed that foods fortified with zinc increased the serum or plasma zinc levels compared to foods without added zinc. However, the studies did not show a difference in the risk of underweight or stunting. The addition of zinc to wheat flour did not reduce the proportion of people with zinc deficiency. The effects of fortification of foods with zinc on other outcomes including zinc deficiency, children’s growth, cognition, work capacity of adults, or on haematological indicators are unknown. Given the small number of trials and participants in each trial, further investigation of these outcomes is required. The quality of the evidence was low or low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were the small numbers of trials, small sample sizes, and the small sample size of the included trials.
We searched for evidence on 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that men with advanced prostate cancer treated with non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy were less likely to live for longer than those who received medical or surgical castration alone. The risk of dying from prostate cancer was increased by about one-third when non-stimulant antiandrogens were used compared with castration. The use of non-sertraline antiandrogens also increased the risk of treatment discontinuation due to side effects, including breast pain, gynaecomastia (a condition in which the lining of the womb is affected by cancer), fatigue, loss of sexual interest and urinary frequency. The quality of evidence was moderate for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure. The effect of nonsteroidal drugs on cancer-specific survival and biochemical progression was unclear. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution because the quality of the evidence is limited and the number of studies is small. Further research is likely to have an important impact on results for patients with advanced but non-metastatic prostate cancers treated with antiandrous drugs. However, we believe that research is unlikely to be necessary on non-estrogen antiandrodrogens for men with this group of men.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) that compared the effects of breast cancer and all-cause death in women who were randomly selected for or out-of-date breast cancer screening. We found eight trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were carried- out in the 1980s and involved 600,000 women in the analyses. The evidence is current to January 2015. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction. The overall quality of the evidence was low. The trial with adequate risk of bias found that breast cancer deaths was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The four trials with inadequate risk of biased results showed a statistically important reduction in total cancer mortality. The seven trials with sufficient risk of suboptimum randomisation found a statistically large reduction in the total cancer deaths. The RR for all seven trials combined was 0.81 (95% CI 0.74 to 0.87). The trials with insufficient risk of random error found no effect of screening on total cancer or on all- cause mortality. We also found that the number of women who had cancer was larger in the screened groups. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy. The number of breast cancers was larger and the use for cancer treatment was higher in the women who received screening. The quality of evidence was very low. Because of substantial advances in treatment and greater breast cancer awareness since the trials were conducted, it is likely that the absolute effect of the screening today is smaller than in the trials. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer death by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years
We included four studies, with 522 women, in the review. Three studies compared 10,000 units of hCG priming with no priming, and one study compared 20,000 unit of hCSG priming versus 10,,000. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. Three of the studies only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (N=400). The evidence was of low quality. The main limitations of the evidence were lack of blinding (women and doctors knew which treatment they were receiving) and imprecision (differences between studies). When 10, thousand units of priming was compared to no primed hCG, we found no evidence of a difference in live birth rates, miscarriage rates, or clinical pregnancy rates. However, our findings suggested that hCG may be associated with a reduction in clinical pregnancy rate, but the evidence was limited by the small number of data included. The study comparing 20, thousand unit of primed versus 10 thousand unit priming did not report enough data to enable us to calculate odds ratios. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. As no data were available on adverse effects (otherly than miscarriage), we could not adequately assess the safety of hCP priming. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of h CG priming in IVM.
This review of 24 trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent dementia in older post-menopause postmenopopausal post-eclampsia. There is good-evidence that both treatments do not improve cognition in post-post menopause women. It is not known if ERT or HRT have any effect on subgroups of post-mature post-manopopausal subgroups. There were no data on the effects of treatment on cognitive decline. There was some good- evidence that ERT may have little or no effect on the number of verbal and/or visual problems that women have in the short term. There may be little or none of the other cognitive problems that are common to older post menoposed post-somnopausal post men. There are no data to show if ERTs or HRIs have any effects in sub groups. There has been no evidence that any specific type of ERT, or HMR, has any effect. There have been no trials on the use of HRT in subgroups or subgroups that are not post-homeric. There should be more research in this field.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. Both trials compared the same combination of inhaled ICS and LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) with LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium). We found no difference between the two inhalers for the number of deaths, COPD flare-ups, COPC exacerbations, pneumonia, or serious side effects. We found that we are uncertain whether once-daily ICS/LABA, combined in one inhaler, has a different efficacy or side effect profile compared to LAMA for treatment of people with COPD. The studies were of short duration and included only a small number of participants. We are uncertain about the results of this review because of the short duration of the studies and the very low quality of the evidence. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 participants. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. We do not have enough evidence to show important differences between the inhalers in terms of effects, nor to establish that once-weekly fluticasonesone/vilanterol and tiotropec 18 mcg are equivalent. Further trials of longer duration are needed.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the efficacy of antidepressants (two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapies), as well as of a range (one CBT) of different treatments, in people with BDD. The results of these studies suggest that antidepressants (fluoxetine, clomipramine, desiprine, and clomid) and CBT (one psychotherapeutic treatment) may be effective in the treatment of BDD, but more research is needed.
This review identified three randomised trials that examined cotrimoxazole pro-phylaxis in HIV-infected adults. The three trials included 268 adults. In the three trials, cotroxazoline was used to treat an acute case (at least six months) of opportunistic infections in patients with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to cotrhoxazoles. The trials found that cotraceroside desensitization resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV patients with previous history (at most) mild or severe hypersensitivity. No severe hypersensation reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Further randomised controlled trials are urgently needed.
We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The duration of the studies was between five days and 28 days. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to February 2015. We found no new trials for this update. The three trials enrolled 148 newborn infants. The babies were monitored for between one and 28 weeks. The drugs were given by intravenous infusion (midazolam) or by injection (placebo). The babies received midazolams or placebo (placebos) for at least one week. The infants were monitored during the study period. The results of the trials showed that the babies receiving midazolinam had a longer stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and were more likely to have a higher incidence of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) compared with the placebo group. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of babies and the small numbers of babies studied. The included trials did not provide sufficient evidence to support the use of midazolanam as a sedative for newborn babies.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. The evidence is current to August 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The duration of the trials ranged from one to 12 weeks. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. No differences were detected between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for the presence of diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment. No difference was detected for the occurrence of diarrhoeala at five to seven days after the start of treatment, clinical failure, or duration of illness. The average difference for diarrhoeas was 0 days, fever was 0.27 days, and duration of hospitalisation was 0 day. The number of negative stool cultures for NTS was higher in the antibiotic group. Antibiotics given to people with NTS resulted in a significantly higher number of adverse events. The most common adverse events were mild to moderate side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in this review. The studies included adults of all ages, gender, and ethnicity. The participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender (e.g. male or female), main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsis criteria, and origin of infection. The number of patients with a confirmed sepsi infection varied from 12% to 78%. The studies were of variable quality. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the test domain in the blood test. The results of the review should be viewed with some degree of caution. The included studies were too diverse to be able to pool. We found that the studies were at high risks of bias. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The evidence is up to date as at January 2018.
We included 29 randomised controlled studies (5718 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to September 2015. Four studies compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure) and 25 studies compared alternative types of wound dressing. The review includes 29 studies with a total of 5718 participants. The studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. There were 16 studies that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification, five studies that compared different types of surgical procedures, and the remaining studies included people undergoing a variety of surgical operations with different types and sizes of contamination. The majority of studies compared a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. The certainty of the evidence was very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of bias and imprecision. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysed data below: - film dressens compared with basic wound contacts following clean surgery (very low certainty evidence). - hydrocollsoid dressens (very-low certainty evidence) compared with simple wound contact dressings following clean operations (very, very low certainty). - silver-containing dressings compared with plain wound contact dresses following potentially contaminated surgery (low certainty). We summarised the results from comparisons with the following meta-analysis: - silver, silver- containing dressings (very very low-certainty evidence) - silver containing dressens following potentially infected surgery (high-certainness evidence) (very uncertain evidence). We downgraded the certainty of evidence for silver-based dressings to very low, and for hydrocoloid dressages to very uncertain evidence (very different results). We are uncertain whether covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention with wound dressers reduces the risk of SSIs, or whether any particular wound dressing is more
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared supplements or a few days before birth with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid with placebo. The trial randomised 126 women at risk of postpartum depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Women received supplements or placebo from recruitment at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks until their final review visit six to eight weeks postpartu. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo arm) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. The study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. The included study did find selenum had an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. This included study found selenums had an impact on EPD scores but the effect was not statistically significant. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found no evidence to support the use of supplements or supplements for preventing postpartums. No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the presence of major depressive disorder at six to 8 weeks postnatal, the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of newborn babies to the neonatal intensive care unit. There is currently no evidence that supplements or dietary supplements prevent postnatal depression.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of different doses of anthracycline (one dose or more) in people with cancer. We found 11 studies that evaluated the effects and side-effects of anthracylines in people who had solid tumours. We included people who were treated with anthracylins (e.g. doxorubicin, epirubicins, epinephrine, epicholinergics, epilogic acid, epifenocaproic acid) or epirubericin (epinephrine) in combination with other drugs. We also included studies that looked at different doses and different time points of administration. We identified that people who received an infusion of anthra anthracyle for six hours or longer had a lower risk of heart failure compared to people who got an infusion for six or more hours. We did not find any difference in the occurrence of heart problems in people receiving different doses. We could not identify any evidence that different doses or different time periods of anthrax reduced the risk of serious side effects. We cannot be sure that different peak doses of different anthracies are harmful. We need more high-quality research in children and adults to determine the effects on heart failure and other serious side- effects.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Most studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most of the studies were conducted in hospital and included participants who had had a brain tumour. The duration of treatment varied from 24 hours to two weeks. The studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. We found no high-quality evidence that hypothermia is beneficial in the treatment of people with TIA. We considered duration of hypothermic therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform a meta-analysis. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for mortality and unfavourable outcome to very low. We also downgraded evidence for pneumonia to low. The quality of evidence for the pneumonia outcome was very low because of differences in the design of the included studies. We judged the quality to be low for all outcomes. The included studies were of poor quality and the results may be explained by differences in design and methods.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to draw any firm conclusions on the overall efficacy of the family treatment of people with depression. There is a need for more high- quality research to examine the benefits and harms of family therapy for people with depressive symptoms.
This review identified three trials involving a total of 206 participants. All patients with vascular dementia were randomised to receive Duxil. The trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The results of the trials were not consistent. DuxIL was found to be beneficial in improving the cognitive function of patients with mild to moderate dementia. Behavioural problems, such as disturbance in activities, and caregiver- burden, were not assessed. There was no evidence to support the use Duxils for dementia. The quality of the included trials was low. The included trials were small and of low methodological quality. Therefore, the results of this review do not provide sufficient evidence to recommend the routine use of Duxis for the treatment of patients in this population. High-quality and large-scale randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
This review of trials found that people who had drains inserted after lymphadenectomy had a lower risk of having a serum (a type of lymph node) after lymphadectomy. There was no difference in the risk of infection, but drains may have led to an increase in length of stay in the hospital. There were no significant effects on the number of people with lymphoedematomas (a swelling of the lymph glands) or haematomatoma (a blood clot) in the drain group. There is no evidence that drains are more likely to cause harm.
This review of trials found that the evidence for the association of flavonoids, the main flavonoid, with colorectal neoplasms was conflicting. There was no clear evidence that the total flavonone intake was lower than the risk of coloreCTal neopomas. There is also conflicting and conflicting evidence about the effect of flavons on colorective cancer. There were no clear results for the effect that high anthcyanin and phytoestsin intake had on colorocompetent colorecolorectals. There are no data on the effect on colorescous colorectional neomontomas. Therefore, more evidence is needed to clarify the association between flavonones and colorerectal neosoma.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of the slow responders, and three other trials (including one that did not) use the second. The duration of treatment ranged from 48 weeks to 72 weeks. The length of treatment was variable between trials. We found that extending the treatment period to 72 week increased the number of patients who had a sustained virology (the number of people who had the virus cleared) and the number who had no new cases. The end-of-life outcomes were not different. The risk of relapses (the time that the virus is still in the blood) was lower in the groups that had been on the drug for 72 weeks, but the length of the drug was not different in the group that had not been on it. The single trial that reported side-effects did not show a difference in the two groups. The observed effects can be due to both bias (bias), play (play of chance), and lack (play). There was no reporting of deaths and the data on the clinical outcome and side- effects was not enough. We conclude that there is a need for more trials to be done in this field.
We found two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the accuracy of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer found to be resected. Both studies were conducted in the USA and included people with a diagnosis of pancreatic cancers that were found to have resectable disease on CT scan. The studies were of low risk of bias. The results of the studies were inconclusive. The average probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectal cancer after CT scans had unresectal disease on laparotomy). The summary estimate of sensitivity of EUs for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97) and the summary estimate for specificity for unrectability was 1.80 (95 CI 0.40 to 096). The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 (95. CI 1.0 to 18.6) and 0.2 (95CI 0.0.0) respectively. At the mean pre-test probability of 60.0%, the post-test percentage of unrectable cancer for people with positive EUS (EUS indicating unresectation) was 86.9% (95-CI 60.9%. The post- test probability of the same for people who had a negative EUS was 20.0% (5.1% to 53.7%). This means that 13% of people (95%) with positive results have potentially resectably cancer and 20% (4% to 5%) of people with negative results have unresectably cancer. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of EU in people who have pancreatic or periampullary cancer found resectated on CT scans. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in people.
We searched for studies that compared medical interventions (e.g. topical steroids, oral antibiotics, warm compresses, and eyelid hygiene) with other treatments for blepharitis. We found 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharyngitis) that compared these treatments. The studies were of variable quality and varied in their methods. Topical antibiotics, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics (elevated salicylactic acid), were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blephARitis. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic symptom relief for anterior and posterior blephareitis. The effectiveness of other treatments, such a topical steroids or oral antibiotics for bleopharitis, were inconclusive. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blephritis. Medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures, such in warm compressing and eyelids washing, to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly.
We found one study with a total of 23 participants. The study was at high risk of bias and the quality of the evidence was low. The results of the study were not consistent. The trial did not measure any of our primary outcomes and only one of our other primary outcome (reduce in the volume of lung disease, assessed endoscopic) was measured. There was no difference in the size of the lung between the groups. Adverse effects were poorly reported. One child with a severe RRP needed to be intubed for airway swelling. There is not yet enough high- quality randomised controlled trials to be sure that photodynamic therapy is of any help to patients. More trials are needed.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided information on the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate quality. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, and the studies were of different designs. The results of the studies showed that CDUS is more accurate than CDUS for detecting endoleaks. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The main limitations of the included studies were that the studies did not clearly report the time to the start of the tests, the time that the tests took, or the time between the tests. The study designs were not well described, and some of them were not of high enough quality. We found that CDus is more precise than CDus in detecting endleaks. We were able, in the studies we looked at, to compare the accuracy (with or with no use) of CDus with CDUS in terms of detecting endelleaks. In terms, we found that both studies were more accurate. We did not find any evidence that the two tests were more precise. We are uncertain whether CDUS was more accurate in detecting an endleak than CDU. We do not know if CDUS or CDUS are more accurate for detecting an aneolus than CD. We also found that the accuracy was higher in the CDU studies. We could not tell if CDU was more or less accurate.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants, which compared sterile water with saline (a pretend treatment) or no treatment. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that women who had sterile water given by injection or injection into the muscle had greater pain relief than women who received saline. However, the studies did not show a difference in pain relief for women with low back pain. There was no difference between the two treatments for women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. The quality of the evidence was good, but the studies were small and had some methodological weaknesses. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
We searched for studies that compared the use of glue with sutures for mesh repair. We found 12 studies with a total of 32 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The evidence is current to January 2015. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We included studies that used different types of mesh and used different methods to compare the two types of glue. We also included studies using different types and sizes of mesh. We compared the results of the studies using the following comparisons: chronic pain, length of stay, and recurrence of hernia. We looked at the number of days that the hernia was fixed, the length of time that the mesh was fixed and the number that the glue was used. We did not find any difference between the two groups in terms of length of hospital stay, length or recurrence. We investigated adverse events. We were unable to draw any clear conclusions regarding the use or lack of use of synthetic glue. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The included studies were of poor quality. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high risk of biased. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of evidence for the outcomes is moderate to very low. Based on the short-term results, glue may reduce chronic pain and not simultaneously increase the recurrence rate compared with suture for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. Glue may therefore be a sensible alternative to sutured mesh fixation for mesh fixings in Lichtens. Larger
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference error. Only three studies were randomised controlled trials. A package of largely unspecified methods applied between the time of acceptance and the time the papers were published was found to be beneficial. More intense methods of technical editing, such as giving authors instructions to their authors, were found to improve the papers. Providing instructions to the authors was also beneficial. A 'package of' methods was also found to reduce the number of citations in the papers, but the length of the papers was not improved. The studies did not find that more intense methods were beneficial.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on young people. The studies were small, of short duration, and most had shortcomings in their methods. The available evidence suggests that, when used as a single dose, codeine is more likely to reduce pain than a dummy pill, but with an increase in the risk of side-effects, such as nausea, nausea, and constipation. We found no data for children. We were not able, however, to draw any firm conclusions on the effects of codeine on cancer pain in the long- term. We rated the overall quality (the quality) of the evidence as low, meaning we are very unsure of the results. We did not find any studies that were of high quality. The included studies were of good quality. We judged the quality of the studies to be low, which means that their results may be biased.
We included 12 trials (11 trials with 563 participants) of educational programs for 563 people, who were six to 35 years old. The majority of participants were black. The interventions lasted from one hour to weekly for eight weeks. The duration of the educational programs ranged from one to 12 months. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Denmark and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main outcomes were patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which was sustained at longer follow-up periods. There were no differences in patient knowledge between groups. There is no evidence that education programs improved caregiver knowledge. There are no data on the effectiveness of educational program on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related illness. No studies reported on the effect of educational interventions on the use of health services. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression, which suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. The effect on knowledge was significant but small and whether it offers any clinical benefit is uncertain. Significant factors limiting these effects could be trials being under powered as well as attrition rates. Effects were not statistically significant in assessments of secondary outcomes, possibly due to the paucity of the number of trials and patients and caregivers. To better study effects on outcomes, further controlled trials are needed with rigorous attention given to improve recruitment and retention and to decrease bias. Predetermined protocols using similar measurements should be used across multiple sites. Trials showed moderate to low risk of bias.
We included six studies with 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included people with both focal and generalised onset seizures, while the other 5 trials only included people who had focal onset. The studies were of short-term, and all were of low quality. We found that people who took brivaracetam with their usual treatment were more than twice (50%) more likely to have a 50% or more decrease (50% or greater) in their seizure frequency than those who took a dummy pill (6 studies). They were more (5) than those people who did not take brivaractam (6) and were also more likely (6), than those taking a dummy drug (5 studies), to achieve seizure freedom (6). However, people taking brivar acetam were more likely than those not taking briaracetam to withdraw from treatment because of side effects (6 trials). It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included people whose seizures were generalised (generalised onset). None of the studies included children younger than 16 years old. The evidence is current to August 2015. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias and four to have unclear risk of biases. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes prespecified in the trial protocol. One of the included studies did not describe how blinding was maintained, and another noted discrepancies in reporting. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for the reduction in seizure frequency, and as low for side effects. The quality of evidence for the incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as for the risk of participants experiencing one or more side effects, was not significantly different following treatment with brivarateam compared to placebo. However, participants receiving brivarata were significantly more likely, compared with
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' views of how their children were given vaccines. Some studies looked at the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella), and some looked at other types of vaccines. In many of these studies, the vaccine was the MMR vaccine. The studies were of high or very low quality. The evidence is current to September 2016. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents. Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply (moderate confidence) and tailored to their situation (low confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services (low to moderate confidence) before each vaccination appointment (moderate certainty). Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them (high confidence). Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions (moderate confident). Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high certainty). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low certainty). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. We are confident in the results of this review. We need to know more about the timing of vaccination information, the settings where information is available, the provision and delivery of impartial and clear information tailored to parental needs
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were no overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies or TAU. Two trials found a non specific specialist therapy (Specialist Supportive Clinical Management) or an Optimised TAU delivered by therapists with eating disorder expertise was similar in outcomes to cognitive behaviour therapy. When comparing individual psychological therapy with each other, no specific treatment was consistently superior to any other specific approach. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. There was a suggestion in one study that focal psychodynamics might be superior to TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Owing to the risk of bias and limitations of studies, notably small sample
The review included 516 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) conducted in the USA, Germany, and the UK. The first two trials were funded by the National Eye Institute, and one trial was funded by a multi-centre international trial. The trials were conducted in two countries: one trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to either siliconeOil or perfluropropane gas. The third trial was conducted in Germany and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. The use of either perflurpropane or standard silicone oils appears reasonable for most patients with RD associated with PVR. There do not appear to be any major differences in outcomes between the two agents, and each patient should choose the best oil for each case. There were no significant differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. For macular detachment, participants treated with silicone oil received significantly more favourable outcomes than did participants who received sulfur hexaurea gas at both one year and two years. There was no significant difference between silicone Oil and sulfur hexfluorid gas in the change in visual acity at one year, but there were no differences between oil and sulfur Hexafluoroethylene gas at two years, and there were not significant differences in the two years between oil with and oil. There is no evidence that heavy silicone oils are superior to standard silicone. There are no major differences between the use of silicone oil, perfluohexyl octane gas, or silicone oil in terms
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. We found that planned early delivery is associated with less risk of maternal morbidity (deaths and severe illness), and less risk (injury) of the baby. There was no clear difference in the risk of the mother's death, but there was a higher risk of higher levels (in the baby), and more intensive care unit admission (NICU) admissions (NHS) admissions. There were no clear benefits or harms of planned early birth for caesarean section, caesaroscopic or planned caesarian section, or in the length of stay in the neonatology unit. There is no clear evidence that planned birth is better than planned early entry for the mother, or for the baby, in terms of the risk and benefit of complications. The quality of the studies was moderate to high. We rated the quality of this review as high, meaning we are very certain that the results are likely to be close to the truth. We downgraded the quality to low, which was mostly due to the small number of studies, and the wide range of results.
This review of six randomised trials (including 142 participants) found that prophylactic clot-busting drugs can prevent joint bleeds and other bleeding in children with hemophilitis. There is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to confirm the observational evidence that proprophylaxis decreases bleeding and related complications in patients with existing joint damage. There are no data on the best prophyleactic regimen for preventing bleeding in adult patients.
We included 13 trials involving 18 24 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies aimed for remission to continue for at least six months. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between treatment treatment groups, however, the difference between treatment schedules was not significant. In summary, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. This review highlights a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the overall evidence for this review is not robust as studies have been small, small and have been poorly reported.
The review authors identified two studies that compared the use of anti-D with the use in the intravenous (IV) route. One study involved 447 women with RhD who were given a 1500 IU (300 micgram) dose of RhD-positive blood pressure control during the 28 of gestation. The other study involved 432 RhD negative women. The studies were too small to be able to draw any meaningful conclusions. The results of the two studies were not consistent. The mean IgG levels in the blood of the RhD women after IV and IM administration varied up to one week. However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the IgG concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the Rh D antigen. It appears that IM and IV administration of anti -D are equally effective. The number of included studies and the number of participants are not enough to assess whether there are any differences. Anti-D can be administered by IM or IV injection. The choice of IM or intravenous route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences. This review found insufficient information upon which to guide practice due to the limited number of studies, small sample sizes and methodological limitations.
We identified eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or a dummy pill (dilute). Five studies compared clopidogrel with either a single dose of the drug as well as a combined dose of clopids (aspirin, dipyridamole, or clopidine/dipiridamol), or clopsidogs with a single dosage (clopidogs) of the same drug (asirin). The studies were of low risk of bias. The mean follow- up of the trials was from 365 days to 9.13 days. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticlosopidine to placebo and did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences for all-causing deaths, vascular deaths or myocardia infarct. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes participants). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194 (11.2%) versus 356/3146 (11%). The results of the pooled analysis of two studies showed that ADP receptor antagonists were no better than aspirin or other antiplatelet drugs for preventing stroke. There were no data available from any of the included trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for patients with type 2 diabetes, or costs. The available evidence for ADP-receptor antagonists in patients with diabetic mellitus is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients separately. Therefore, recommendations for the use of ADP receptors for the prevention of CVD in patients are based on available evidence from trials including patients with and without diabetes. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, and one a three-month treatment. Six trials evaluated non-invasive support (where the person is given a mask or mask-like device) for airway clearance. Three of the trials reported on one of the main outcome measures (airway clearance). Three of these showed that airway clearance may be easier with non-vasive support. Three trials (151 people) reported that people with CF who had difficulty clearing their sputum may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that non-insvasive ventilation increases sputus expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. Three studies (27 people) evaluated nonvasive ventilation for overnight support compared to oxygen or room air. These studies reported on two of the review's primary outcomes (quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing). Results for the reviews secondary outcome measures showed that they measured lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference, and nocturnal transcutaneous carbon dioxide. One trial (13 people) assessed non-vasive breathing support compared with oxygen or no non-visage ventilation for exercise capacity. The study did not report on any of the outcomes we were interested in. The trial found no clear differences between non-aspective ventilation compared to no nonvasable ventilation for any of our outcomes. Three trial (27 participants) evaluated the effect of non-nasal ventilation on exercise. The results of this trial showed that exercise performance improved with nonvasively supported ventilation compared with room air over six weeks. One study (13 participants) reported no clear difference between nonvasually supported ventilation and oxygen or non-passive ventilation in exercise capacity over six months. The evidence for the effect on exercise is unclear. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the included trials. The main limitations of
We searched for studies that compared NIPPV with nocturnal-NIPPV in people with COPD. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. The seven studies involved 245 people. The mean age of the participants was between 65 and 74 years. The average age of participants was around 70 years. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of NIPPVs on lung function, exercise tolerance, quality of life, lung function or sleep efficiency. The evidence is current to January 2015. The results of the seven studies did not show that NIPPVS had any effect on lung functions, exercise capacity, quality-of-life, lung strength or sleep. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The included studies were small and the results were inconclusive.
We included four trials, involving a total of 1190 women. The evidence is current to September 2014. Induction of labour for suspected macrosomia did not reduce the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of labour on the risk for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was also no clear difference between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia (low blood oxygen levels in the lungs), low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven), low arterial cord blood pH (low-quality of evidence), or low birthweight babies. Birth fractures and shoulder dystocia were reduced in the induction of the induction group. Mean birthweight was lower in the intervention group, but there was considerable variation between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the group receiving induction. The unexpected observation in the induced group of increased perineeal damage, and the plausible, but of uncertain significance, observation of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. Inducing labour for babies with suspected macrosomal growth has not been shown to alter the risk brachia plexis injury, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. Also, antenatal estimates of fetal weight are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed. Nevertheless, induction of birthweight results in a lower mean birthweight, and fewer birth fractures and birth dystocolia. Inductions of labour before the first trimester are likely to be popular with many women. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal growth, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for
We searched for randomised clinical trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put in one of several or several groups) that compared the effects of taking either a single dose of either a vitamin D3, a vitamin C, or a combination of vitamin D and calcium (calcium and calcium) or both. We found 56 randomised trials with 95,286 people. The age of people in the trials was 18 to 107. Most trials were carried out in high-cost, high-end countries. The mean age of the people in these trials was 77%. Most of the trials were of good quality. The trials were randomised, which means that the people who are in the trial are not aware of the treatment they are getting. We did not find any evidence that taking a single tablet of either vitamin D, vitamin C or a vitamin E reduced the risk of dying. We were able to combine the results of 56 trials, which showed that people who took a single pill of either Vitamin D3 (or both) had a lower risk of death than people who did not. We could not tell if taking a pill of one form of vitamin C was better than taking a vitamin A, because we could not be sure of this. We are not sure if taking one pill of a single vitamin C reduced the chance of dying, but we could be sure that it did. We do know that people in high risk of cancer who take a single Vitamin D pill have a lower chance than people in low- or middle-risk groups of dying from cancer. We also know that taking one tablet of one vitamin C may reduce the risk that people will die. We have not found any difference in the risk for people who take vitamin D2, but this could be due to chance. We can be sure, though, that taking vitamin D may increase the risk if people are in high high-risk, high or middle or middle care. We need to be sure if people in middle
This review of trials found that three drugs, fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine, can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. The drugs can help to reduce the weight they gain. The effects of these drugs on the body's response to treatment are unclear. The studies were of moderate quality. The effect on the health of people with diabetes is uncertain. There is a lack of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in persons with type two diabetics.
We searched for studies that compared the efficacy and safety of VGB with CBZ in people with moderate to severe epileptics. We found five studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included a total of 734 people in the review. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. The duration of treatment ranged from one to six months. The results of the review showed that VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness than CBZ. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. However, VGB did not appear to be as effective as CBZ for reducing the time to seizure onset and the time for seizure control. The review authors concluded that VGT should not be considered a first-line treatment for epilepsy and should not cause any harm. However it should be noted that VTB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared plerixafor to placebo or no treatment in people with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these trials were completed but did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple or non Hodgkin lymph cancer. In both studies the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerizafor and the control group received a G-Cochrane G-Cell Activator plus placebo. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found no evidence for differences between plerxafor plus G-CCA and placebo group in terms of survival at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection. The results of the analysed data suggest that additional pleraxafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether additional plezafor affects survival or adverse events. None of the trials reported on quality of life and progression-free survival. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcome successful stem cell collect and high for successful stem Cell Collection. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of pleroxafor, were published several times. Two more RCTs examining the addition of pleazafor to a GCSF mobilisation regimen terminated early without publishing any outcome. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCT results, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to draw any firm conclusions. Cones were better than no treatment, but there was not much evidence to show that they were better or worse than PFMT. There was not enough evidence to say that the addition of PFMT to the usual treatment was better or worst than PFM, or that it was better than PFT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at economic outcomes. Seven of the included trials recruited women with symptoms of incontinence, while the others required women with urodynamic stress incontinent, apart from one where the inclusion criteria were uncertain. This review provides some evidence that weighted vaginal cones are better than other treatments for SUI, but the evidence is not strong enough to draw firm conclusions about their effectiveness. Conedicated cones could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them acceptable. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
We searched for studies that compared interventions to improve anticoagulant blood flow control in AF with no anticoaurea control. We found eleven studies that involved 2246 patients. The studies were of low to very low quality. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2016. The review found that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of interventions on anticoageal thromboembolism in AF patients receiving OAT. More research is needed to examine the impact on anticaurea administration in AF and to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
This review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of having a vaginal birth in 24 hours, but the effect on the number of caesarean sections is unclear. PGE2 tablets, gels, pessaries (and a sustained-use version) and PGF2a (a drug that is used to treat the growth of a baby's brain) are as good as each other, but small differences are seen, but these may be due to chance.
This review of five trials, which included 247 infants, found that cot-nursing using a hot bed mattress in a hot room did not improve the body temperature of the infant. In the cot group, there were no differences in mean body temperature (4 trials, 235 infants) and there were few deaths. There was no difference in weight gain. In one trial, cot nursing with a heated water- filled bed mattress led to a small decrease in weight gained in the newborn group. There were no major problems with the babies' health. The review found that there is not much evidence to support cots- nursings in hot rooms.
We included three studies, involving a total of 146 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold-chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques (low to very low-quality data). Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review; however we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three trials, involving a total of 244 women. The trials were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (a drug that blocks the growth of prostaglens) in 50 women and PG E1 analog (misoprostol), which is a drug that increases the amount of prostagon in blood. The studies were of poor quality. The evidence is up-to- date as of May 2014. The review found that prostaglandsins did not reduce the need for manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion or the time from injection to placental removal. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglanins. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants. The studies were conducted in the 1970s. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced risk of treatment failure and death in preterm infants with breathing problems. We also found that use of CDP is associated a lower risk of death and use of breathing support. We did not find any difference in the risk of pneumothorax (pneumothorchia), a lung infection. We could not determine the best mode of CNP. We were unable, however, to determine the effect of CCP on lung function. We are uncertain whether CDP should be used in pre term infants with respiratory distress because the trials were done in the 1960s and the results were not applicable to current practice.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. Two studies compared foam wound dressings with basic wound contact dressings and found no difference in ulcer-free foot ulcers. There was no difference between foam dressings (in the alginate and hydrocolloid groups) and hydric oxide (matrix) dressings. There were no studies that looked at foam dressers versus hydrocollsoid (matriarch) dressers. The studies were small, had limited follow-up time, and all had a high risk of bias. There is no research data to suggest that foam wound wound dressers are more helpful in the healing of foot ulcer in people with type 2 diabetes.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included 111 patients. The trials compared surgical treatment with endoscopically-guided endoscopy. One of the two trials, which included 32 patients, showed that surgical treatment was better than endoscopic endoscapy in terms of pain relief, but the trial had limitations. Surgic treatment was also better than conservative endoscomy. The trial showed that the surgical treatment resulted in a higher percentage of patients with pain relief. Surgical treatment also resulted in better quality of life, and preserved the function of the pancreas. No major differences were found in terms major post-intervention post-treatment post-discharge complications or deaths. The small trials included in this review do, however, do, not provide enough power to show that there are small benefits of either treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared early versus late (delayed) or both, post-operative, post surgical bathing. We found only one trial, which was at a high- risk of bias. This trial included 857 patients who had skin excision surgery. The trial was at high-risk of bias, as the trial was not well conducted. The only outcome of the trial that we found was wound infection. There was no difference in the number of people who had wound infections between the two groups. The proportion of people with wound infections was 8.5%, which was the same as in the delayed group. There is no conclusive evidence from the one trial that was found that early or late post-operation shower or bath is better than delayed post-op bathing for the prevention of wound infections. There were no data on the number or type of wound infection, and, as a result, we are not sure if there is a difference in risk of wound wound infection by early or delayed post surgical bath. We suggest that there is more research to compare the early or the delayed postoperative shower or bathing.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared oral prednisone with no treatment. The trial had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to August 2015. The study did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. The RCT did not report side effects in detail, but one prednisoner-treated participant died. The quality of evidence was very low. The only trial that reported side effects was a trial comparing daily standard-dose oral prednasolone with monthly high-dose dexamethasone. The results of this trial did not show any difference between the two treatments in the number of people who achieved remission, or in the change in disability or impairment after one year. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexametasone (low-quality evidence) as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) (moderate-quality of evidence). We are very uncertain about the effects of oral prednnisone compared with no medication because the quality of the evidence is very low, and because the only RCT that exists did not use the most appropriate treatment. Nevertheless, corticosteroids are commonly used in practice, supported by very low-quality studies. We also know from observational studies that corticostoids carry the long-term risk of serious side effects. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We searched for studies that compared face-to-face and remote asthma check-up for people with asthma. We found six studies including a total of 2100 people. Four studies compared the two types of check-ups for people who were taking their asthma medication and one study looked at the two different ways of giving a check- up. We could not say if more people who had remote check- ups had an asthma flare up than those who were seen face to-face. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference in the risk of asthma flare ups or in the number of people who needed oral corticostoids. We were not able, because the studies were not blind, to tell us if there were any serious side-effects. We do not know if people who have a remote check up have a better asthma control than people who are seen face or phone. We are not sure if people with a remote asthma test are more or less well-behaved when they have a check up. The studies did not show that there were differences in the side- effects of the check-down. We can't be sure if there are any serious adverse events when the check up is done from a remote visit. We have not been able, so we do not think there is enough evidence, from randomised studies, to say if there is a difference.
This review of 16 studies, which included 212 participants, found no evidence that any of the outcomes were better than the others. The results of the review suggest that the short- and long- term effects of the exercise treatment are likely be short-term, but the long- and medium- term results are not clear. The studies were all of low quality, and the results of these studies were not of high quality. The review found that there was no evidence to support the use of exercise as a treatment for JI. The quality of the studies was low, and so the results should be treated with some degree of caution.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpatients and outpatients, but these effects are small and inconsistent. The effects of antibiotics on treatment failure are uncertain. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failures. The trial also showed that antibiotics reduced the risk of treatment failure and length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes treatment failure, length of stay in hospital, and death. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome of death. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk for treatment failure in patients with severe exacerbations. The available evidence does not show that antibiotics are beneficial for patients with moderate to severe exacerbation. The results of this review are uncertain because the effects of antibiotic treatment on treatment failed outcomes are inconsistent and the results of other outcomes are not consistent. The studies included in this review did not show any significant effect of antibiotics for adverse events. The included studies did not report on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms. The limited evidence available does not support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of people with acute exacerbations and out-patients. The review found that there is no evidence that antibiotic treatment reduces the risk that people with severe acute exacerbation have a recurrence of their condition. The findings of this systematic review are consistent with the results from other Cochrane reviews.
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 1414 people (age range 24 to 70; mean 45 to 59, where data were reported) in this review. The studies compared whole-grain diets to diets with no whole-grains or lower-grass diets. The evidence is up-to- date as of September 2016. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported the effects of whole- grain diets for cardiovascular disease risk factors including blood lipids and blood pressure. We assessed the overall quality of the evidence on cholesterol as low. The included studies were small and had some design flaws. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular disease or on major CVD risk factors such as blood lipid and blood blood pressure, and the overall overall quality was low. There was a need for well-designed, adequately powered RCTS with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review of trials found that early movement of the ankle (before the ankle is fixed) can help to improve the range of motion and pain, but there is little evidence that it is better than usual care. There is some evidence that early weight-bearing (when the ankle has been fixed) may help, but more research is needed. There was no clear evidence that any type of support (e.g., a brace, traction, or traction) is best. There were no trials that looked at stretching, manual therapy or exercise. There are some studies that suggest that some types of immobilisation, such as a non-heat-sealing type, may be helpful. There may be some studies where a device is placed on the ankle to allow the ankle and foot to move. There has been little research on the best type of treatment. There have been no trials of interventions to help people with ankle problems to walk and run. There should be more research in this field.
This review of four studies found that home-based nursing programmes have the potential to improve children's adherence. Two interventions, an LPV/r-based regimens (LP/r) and peer-support group therapy (PST), did not show any benefit in improving children's compliance with ART. A home-centre care home-type programme, which involves the use of a nurse, has shown a positive effect on knowledge, but no effect on CD 4 count or the viral load. A non- randomised trial found that the percentage of children with a lopinavir (lopinavire-r) regimens was no more than twice as high as for those on a non-nucleoside regimens. A second non-randomised trial of a home-care programme that involved a nurse and a group (caregiver) of children found that children who were given a lupavir-r regimens were more than three times as likely to be successful in reducing the viral loads in their blood as those who were on a regimens containing a reverse transcriptase regimen. A third non-Randomised trial showed that children on a lipinavir-ritonavir regimen were no more likely to miss doses of their medication than children on regimens with a nonucleosideside reverse transcriptases. A fourth non-RCT of a peer-based programme that included adolescents found that adolescents were more likely than those on regents containing a regency regimens to reduce the viral loading in their bloodstream. A fifth non-routine study found that a home nursing programme had no effect. A sixth non-standardised trial did not demonstrate any benefit. A seventh non-valid study found no effect of a medication diaries on adherence or disease outcomes. A final non-specific study found a positive benefit of a liopoietic medication diary. However, the intervention did not appear to have an effect on
This review found five studies (696 participants) that compared oral fenoprofen 200 mg with a dummy pill (placebo) for acute postoperative pain. The results of these five studies showed that fenuproen 200 mg is an effective treatment for acute pain after minor day or day surgery. The NNT (number of people with at least 50% pain relief) for at least 4- to 6-hour pain relief over 4 to 6 hours was 2.3 (1.9 to 3.0). There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. There was no difference in numbers of people experiencing any side effects between fenoparofen and placebo. No serious side effects or people withdrawing from the studies due to side effects were reported.
This review included six trials, which included 857 women. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857) and two trials compared it with PFMT plus an addition to the surgery (n > 118) versus the surgery alone. The largest most recent search for trials was in January 2013. The review found that there is some evidence that PFMT improves prolapse symptoms and severity immediately after treatment. There is also some evidence to suggest that PFM improves pelvic floor muscle function and improves symptoms and symptoms immediately after the treatment. The evidence relating to the effects of PFMT on the symptoms of prolapse is not yet conclusive. There was a significant risk of bias in two out four trials in this comparison. The trials measured symptoms differently and measured the outcomes differently. The three trials where this was reported indicated greater improvement in symptoms in the PFMT group compared to the control group. Pooling data on severity of prolapsed prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMS increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscles found better function (or improvement in function) in the control groups. Two out of three trials which reported urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups in favour of the PFMS group. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency and worry with symptoms in favour the PFM group compared with the control. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the PFMW in terms of stronger muscles. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no change in symptom score change between groups, whilst another found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the group compared in the other. The results of the trials were inconclusive. The
This review of trials found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear CSOM in people with CSOM. Topical quinoleons are better than no drug or antiseptics at clearing CSOM, but the effects of quinoles on other treatments (elevating blood flow, healing, and hearing) are less clear. Topicicoids are also more likely to clear CSom, but their effects on the patient's hearing are less well-known. The review found no clear evidence that quinoids are better at curing CSOM than antiseptic drugs. The quality of the trials was poor, and the results of the studies were not consistent.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with most of the studies conducted in the 1970's, and 80% of them in the 1980's. The evidence is current to April 2013. The review shows that FRS correctly identifies people with schizophrenia 75% to 95% of the time. However, the use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Again, with a sensitivity of 60%, reliance on FRS for triage of people with suspected schizophrenia will not correctly diagnose around 40% of people that specialists will consider to have schizophrenia. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will wrongly consider to be having schizophrenia, could be prematurely discharged from care if triage relies on the presence of Frs to diagnose them. Empathetic, considerate use of the FRS should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. However we cannot recommend the use FRS in triaging of people suspected of having schizophrenia.
We searched for studies up to January 2017. We included 10 studies that compared educational and psychological interventions with no intervention or with other treatments for children with eczema. We found 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update. The studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational studies and 44 participants in one psychological study. The evidence is current to January 2016. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. The other studies were of mixed quality. The results of the studies were not consistent. The review found that there is limited evidence that educational and psychosocial interventions can improve eczematological symptoms and quality of the life of children with atopic eczma. However, there is some evidence that these interventions may lead to improvements in eczemia severity and quality. There is no evidence that psychological interventions are effective in improving sleep. The quality of evidence for the effects of educational and psychoeducation interventions on eczemic symptoms and on quality of living was low. The included studies were generally of poor quality. We judged four studies to have high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions. The educational studies in both the original review and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original study.
This review of trials found that for people with LRTI affecting tissues of the head, neck, and rectum, HBOT is likely to be beneficial. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN after tooth extractions. There was no evidence of any important effect on the brain. There were no trials that looked at the use HBOT to treat other symptoms. The application of HBOT may be worthwhile, but more research is needed.
We found 10 randomised controlled studies involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two were on caearean sections, two had vaginal repair and two had hip replacement. The evidence is current to August 2014. The use of blunt needles reduced the risk of finger perforations by approximately one finger per for every six operations. The number of finger wounds sustained by surgeons using blunt needles was reduced by approximately two fingers perforated in every three operations. In four studies, surgeons using sharp needles had more self-reported needle stick injuries. The quality of the evidence was rated as high. There is high quality evidence that the use of the blunt needles reduces the risk for surgeons and their assistants of exposure to blood and bodily fluids. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised trials involving 422 people with mild to severe mental illness. The trials compared trifluoperazine with low- or moderate-potent (or both) drugs. The size of the trials was from 20 to 157 people. The studies lasted between four to 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between triffluoperazine and low-potency antipsychotics. However, trifflunopride produced more movement disorders. There was also no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. There were no significant differences in numbers with at least one adverse effect (trifluopride 60%, low-potsency antipolars 38%, moderate quality evidence). However, at least at least movement disorders were more frequent in the triflunoprene group (trflunoperazine 23%, lowpotency drugs 13%, 2 RCTs, 123 people). There was no significant change in the number of people who were incoordinated (compared to low-pitency drugs 5%, 1 RCT, 60 people), rigor (comparing to lowpotencies 10 people) or death (compare to low potency antipsychotic drugs 5, 1 RTC, 60 participants). No data were available for other outcomes of interest death, sedation and quality of life. The quality of evidence for outcomes of concern ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of trifplunoprone and lowpotent antipsychoids.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in pre term infants in the phase from intragastric tube to oral feeds. The trials were small, and the trials were of poor quality. The findings of this review are based on low- to very- low- quality data. We found that feeding in the response to feeds and cues can help pre term pre term babies to eat more food and drink more fluids. The results of the trials did, however, show that the babies who fed in the same way as the infants fed at scheduled times have a slightly slower rate (1.36 g/ kg/day), and some of these babies may be fed earlier (5.53 days) than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. The evidence is up to date as of January 2015. The quality of the evidence was low. The included trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong or clear evidence that responsive feeding affects important outcomes for preterm infants or their families.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 people. One trial showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial blood tests (ABI) in people who were given folic acid and 5-methyllite (5-MTHF) compared with placebo. The second trial with a combined total of 18 people showed that the ABI was not significantly different in people taking multivitamin B supplements compared with a placebo. No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further well-designed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies that compared the impact of different types of payment systems. One study compared the effect of capitation payments with fee for- service payments. The other study compared capitation with fee- for-service payments. Both of these two studies were carried- out in the most deprived parts of the country. The study in the latter found that capitation led to an increase in the number of dentists who carried out dental treatments. The capitecure system also led to a change in the way that dentists treated their clients. The authors of the study found that dentist care was improved when the capitecaure was paid for each tooth. The studies did, however, not report on the use of the health service, health care costs, or the impact on patient health. The second study used a parallel-gauge design. The researchers found no difference in the amount of time that dentistry was carried out, the number or type of fillings or the number and number of teeth that were filled. The participants in the group that was given capitecs were less likely to see their clients less often, and to carry out less fillings, but they tended to give more advice. The cost-effectiveness (cost-free) of the two remuneration systems was not clearly described. We judged the risk of bias to be high. We rated the quality of the studies as low/very low. We found that the studies were at high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to miss the true effect). We found no studies that reported on the impact that the different payment systems had on the health of the patients.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers, with a total of 17,000 women, and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were generally at low risk of bias. The review found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (14% relative reduction in the number of babies with low birthweight). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies who were stillborn or died before birth. No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were found between the groups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweights, and was low for stillbirth or neonate death and birthweight. The included trials were mostly of low income women and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared probiotics with antifungal drugs. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The evidence is current to January 2016. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month but did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. Probotic use did increase the rate for the occurrence of serious adverse events but did no increase the number of serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries, while four trials were in the upper- and middle middle of the world; two in the Iran, one in the UK, one from Turkey and one from Jordan. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in reducing the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if treatment of women with threatened miscarriage with progestogen compared to placebo or no treatment has any effect on the rate for congenital abnormalities because the quality of the evidence is very low. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of women and the wide range of the results.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) on the use of laser photocompressive drugs (laser) to treat proliferative retinitis in people with diabetic retinopathy. We found five studies, which were of good quality. Three of these were from the USA, one from the UK, one each from the US, UK, and one from Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included. The studies were of low to very low quality. The evidence is up- to- date as of May 2014. The majority of the studies were conducted in the USA and four were funded by the National Eye Institute. The trials were conducted over a period of 12 months. The results of the trials showed that laser photocoagulation reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months, and the risk was reduced by 50% in people treated with laser. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic retenopathy with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction in risk of progression of diabetes retinopathies and a similar reduction in the risk for vitreous haemorrhage. None of the included studies reported near visual acuity or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is partly due to the fact that the trials were carried out many years ago and the use was not considered to be as standard.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy. The participants were mostly men (67%), and the average age was 65 years. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdomen surgery. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. The findings of this review indicate that CPAP or NPPV is an effective and safe treatment for adults with upper abdomen airway failure. The quality of the evidence was low or low. There was no difference in the rate of tracheal intubation. There were no deaths, and there was no evidence to be sure that CPap or NTPVs reduced anastomotic leaks, anastomatic leaks (worsen of the lungs), or sepsis or infections. Finding from one trial, which included a small sample, suggests that bilevovac may improve blood gas and pH one hour after the treatment. The studies did, however, not report on the following: gastric insufflation, fistulae (pneumothorax), pneumothoraxis (pneural leakage), blood loss, skin loss, eye breakdown, eye damage, sinus leakage, or on the timing of the ventilator-ventilator as synchrony (when the ventillator is switched off). We found no evidence that CPAB or NPV had an effect on an asthmatomyosis (when a tube is placed in the airway), an asthematomyoses (when air is pumped through the nose), or on sepsi or infections (when blood is pumped out of the nose). We judged the quality of this trial to be low.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear-to-high-risk-of-bereft overall. A variety of different agents for pain relief were assessed. Three trials (involving diazapine, vinydan- ether, and lignocaine) were compared with an anaesthetic (ketamine, vini- ether and spinal block). One small trial (in which lignocereals were given by lignopride) showed that diazapeine was more likely to be helpful than vinydin- ether. In a further small trial, no difference was seen in the pain relief of diazepam when diazupine was used to treat pain during forceps birth. In the trial that used lignopa, women were more likely (by a mean of 3.36 points) to regard their pain relief (by 3.2 points) as adequate and less likely to report severe pain during the forceps delivery. No trials reported on the outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity. In terms of secondary outcomes, women receiving diazepam compared with vinyden-ether were significantly less likely (on average) to experience vomiting. No significant differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). There is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps deliveries. Neonatal outcomes have largely not been evaluated.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma. The studies lasted between two weeks and 54 months. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in quality-of-life and symptoms, but the results were not statistically significant. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage. No serious adverse events were reported, but data on this outcome was limited. We need more studies with larger numbers of participants and high methodological and reporting quality to confirm the effects of exercise-based yoga for asthma.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data to allow us to assess the effects of the drugs. We found moderate- to low- quality data for the reporting (by chance) of the percentage change (measurement) in muscle strength at 12-month follow-up. We were unable to combine data from any of the 10 trials because of differences in study design, study results, and study duration. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as providing very low-quality evidence in relation to the primary outcome measure. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures. Trials of interferon beta-1a and MTX provided moderate-quality data of having no effect on the progression of IBM. Three trials (n = 78) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo, but we were unable for the most part to perform a meta-analysis because of variations in study analysis and presentation of trial data, with no access to the data for re-analysis. Other comparisons were also reported in single trials. An open trial of ATG combined with MTX versus MTX, and an open trial (n=44) of anti-T lymphocyte immunoglobaulin (ATG combined and MTT) combined withMTX versusMTX provided very low quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy, based on percentage change in muscle muscle strength sum scores at 12 months. Data from trials of oxandrolone versus placebo, azathioprine (AZA) combined and treated with MTT versus MTT, and arimoclomol combined with and without MTX and MTU versus placebo did not allow us for analysis. A complete analysis of the
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 3144 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that linezolid was more effective than vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs, including SSTI caused by MRSA. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the linezodon group than the vancomedine group. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral linezolate than with intravenous vancome. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between linezole and vancomen. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the people treated with linezolol compared with those treated with vancoma. However, more people reported thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder) and nausea when treated with the lineZolid. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezolanol. The quality of the evidence is low. Further well-designed, independently-funded RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled studies with a total of 512 patients. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. The quality of the evidence was low. The included studies were of poor methodological quality and the results were imprecise.
This review of six randomised trials of calcium channel blockers in acute brain injury patients found that there is some evidence that they may be helpful in some patients, but there is still uncertainty about their effects. The effect of nimodipine in a sub group (involving brain injury with sub-arachnoid haemorrhage) shows a benefit, though the increase in side-effects suffered by the treatment group may be a warning sign.
We included four randomised controlled studies (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of several or multiple treatment groups) with 3090 people. Three of the four studies were of high quality. The evidence is current to August 2016. The included studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy and the UK. The studies were considered to be at a relatively low risk of bias. The results of the studies were inconclusive. The survival to hospital discharge was not significantly different between the groups. The neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year were not significantly affected by either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment approach. The quality of the evidence was low. We have been unable to determine conclusively whether immediate defibrillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrillation have similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. We were unable to conclude whether either treatment approaches provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
This review found three randomised trials that compared GnRHa long protocol with GnRH antagonist therapy. The trials were of low quality. The number of oocytes retrieved was less in the GnRH long protocol group. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was higher. Cancellation rates were higher in GnRHA flare up group. None of the studies reported a clear difference in the number of women who had a successful ectopregnancy. There is not enough good- quality research to support the use of GnRH blockers for the treatment of poor response to controlled ovarystimulation.
This review of 53 randomised trials found that family intervention may reduce the number of relapse and hospital admissions, but the trials were of poor quality. It seems that the family may also reduce the need for hospital admission, and may increase the number who take their medication. It is not clear if the family intervention affects the need to leave care. It does not seem to have an effect in terms of the number people who leave care, but it seems to have a greater effect on the level of expressed emotion in the family. We did find no data to suggest that the intervention either prevents or promotes suicide.
We searched for studies that compared drug-eluting balloons with uncoated balloon stents (a type of balloon angioplastor) in people with symptomatous femoropopliteal arteries. We found three randomized controlled trials that compared the use of drug-enriched balloons with the use uncoating balloons. The trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-elevating balloons (two of the three trials were industry sponsored). Two companies manufactured the drugelevated balloons (Eurocor, Bonn, Germany; Medtronic, Fridley, Minnesota, USA). The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. The evidence is current to August 2016. The certainty of evidence presented was very low for the outcomes of amputation, target lesion revascularization, binary restenosis, death, and improvement of one or more Rutherford categories. The quality of evidence was very limited due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We found seven trials that compared steroid treatment with placebo or no treatment in 922 children with KD. The trials were conducted in Asia, the USA, Europe, Australia, and the UK. The duration of treatment ranged from one to 24 weeks. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found that corticosteroids reduced the occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities and the duration of fever, and reduced the time taken for laboratory tests to normalise. We also found that the length of hospital stay was reduced by about one day. We did not find any evidence that steroids increased the risk of death or serious adverse events. We are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this review. Evidence was of moderate quality for the incidence of serious adverse effects, mortality and time for laboratory parameters to normalify. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence showed that the incidence was moderate for the occurrence and duration of coronary arteries abnormalities, duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash) and length of stay in hospital. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Evidence shows reduced inflammatory markers (e.g. ERS and CRP) and reduced inflammatory marker levels. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality, and long-term coronary morbidity. Certain groups, including those based in Asia and those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. Evidence is of moderate to high quality for all outcomes.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Four of these studies compared the PIP versus another PIP, video-interaction-guided therapy, psycho-interactive guidance, psychoeducation, or cognitive behaviour therapy. Two of these trials also included a group of infants with a PIP in addition to an alternative PIP. The studies were carried- out in the USA, UK, Australia, and Canada. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that PIP is effective in improving the health of parents and their children, and in improving their attachment to their babies. We also found that it improved the number of babies who were secure in their parents' arms and legs, and the number who were able to move from insecure to secure attachment. We did not find any evidence that PIMP improved parent depression or parent-child interaction. We were unable to identify any differences between PIP and alternative treatment for any of the other outcomes. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for the outcomes of parental depression and secure or disorganised infant attachment. This was because the included studies were small and involved relatively few participants. We judged the quality to be low or low for all outcomes. The included studies also involved relatively small numbers of participants and used different methods of PIP treatment. We assessed the quality and quantity of the included evidence as very low or moderate for all comparisons.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies (with 753 participants) comparing giving extra air (suppressive) air (extraoxycortic oxide) to giving room-air (room-air) to women in the labour ward of a hospital for a caesarean birth. We found one new study in this update. We did not find any convincing results that extra extra air was helpful or bad for the mother or her foetal. The low-grade evidence was of low to very-low quality. The very low-graded results show that in women in labour who were given extra extra extra blood gas, extra air and extra blood pressure in the blood, increased oxygen levels in the mother's blood, and increased blood flow to the foetus (foetal umbilical blood). The high-grade results show no difference in the amount of extra blood flow in the foets' blood. The high grade results show a benefit for the neonate. We conclude that there is no convincing results for the use of extra extra oxygen to give to women during a caearean section under regional anaesthesia.
We included twelve studies with 2196 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, and Italy. The evidence is current to April 2011. We found that reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken by 11% in four studies. We also found that reminders increased the number of pills users took by 11%. We found no evidence that reminder packing reduced systolic blood pressure. We did not find evidence that reminders reduced blood pressure by any other measure. We extracted data from two studies that looked at blood pressure measurements. We were able to combine the results of these two studies and found that the use of reminder packaging improved blood pressure in patients with diabetes. We could not combine the data from the other two studies because they were too different from each other. We are uncertain whether reminder packaging is effective in improving adherence to medication. We cannot be certain that reminder packs are safe because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We recommend that further research is done to improve the design and targeting of reminder packs.
We identified 15 randomised trials that evaluated 11 different drugs (methanol, multiv vitamin E, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazid, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthease inhibitor). All the trials had high risk of bias. There were no differences in the risk of death, liver failure, or per-operable morbidity. Methyl Predniotic, methylprednisolone, and dextroxidine may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high risk-of bias. However, there is a high risk for type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk for bias. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We searched for studies that compared the risk of kidney disease in people with cancer to the risk factors for this disease. We included studies in any language. We found 61 studies, of whom 52 studies evaluated the prevalence of kidney problems. The studies included 13,327 participants of the interest. The majority of studies were of high quality. We did not find any studies that assessed the risk-benefit profile. The evidence is up to date as of January 2015. The 52 studies evaluating the prevalence were of varied quality. The reasons for this were the diversity of the studies, the different types of cancer, the treatment received, the length of follow-up and the risk factor analyses. The results of the 52 studies that investigated the risk for kidney problems ranged from 0% to 84%. The studies were too different to be combined. The risk of adverse renal effects ranged from 1% to 82%. The risk for adverse renal outcomes ranged from 2% to 32%. The evidence was of moderate quality. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in people receiving total body irradiation. Four non-eligible studies, including 244 participants, found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide) as risk factors. The remaining studies also found cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosofamide, radiation therapy involving the kidney region, neph rectomy, or any combination of these. The number of people with kidney problems varied from 0.5% to 50%. The number with high blood pressure ranged from 10% to 30%. The majority also reported cisplotin as a risk factor. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer follow- up period with glomerulopathy. Twenty-two out of 52 studies, with 851 participants, studied proteinuria, which was present in 3.5%, 84% to 89% of people.
We identified two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan®, Nicosan®, Cajanus cajan® and Ciklavit®. The evidence is current to August 2014. The single trial of Nipri® suggests that Nipriprisan® may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cell disease. It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia. No serious adverse effects were reported. The trial of Cajanian® reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level. The results of the single trial Cajani® were not reported. Based on the published results for Niprim® and in view of the limitations in data collection and analysis of both trials, phytologines may have potential beneficial effects in reducing the painful crises of sickle cells in sickled blood. This needs to be further validated in future trials. More trials are required on the safety and efficacy of phytopharmacological interventions used in managing sicklecell disease.
We searched for evidence on 30 June 2016 and found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (chema-drug therapy) in individuals with HL and negative PET scans. The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based treatment or standard treatment. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. To date, data have been published for the PET- negative arms only, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials, 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET-less or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET- adapteded therapy and two in participants who received standard therapy. Progression-free survival was shorter in participants with PET adapted therapy (without radiotherapy), and in those receiving standard treatment with radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy (PET-adaptive therapy) versus radiotherapy and in participants in the PET group receiving chemotherapy but no radiotherapy versus standard radiotherapy, and in comparisons in those who received chemotherapy but radiotherapy but no additional treatment versus standard treatment, and those receiving chemotherapy plus radiotherapies. Short-term adverse events only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. Todate, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life, or short- and long-lasting adverse events are available. However, this systematic review found moderate-quality evidence
We found 31 randomised controlled studies that compared different hormonal birth-strollers. Twenty-one studies compared combined birth-controlling drugs (COC) with a dummy pill (dummy pill) or with a placebo (dilute). The other studies compared birth-prostaglandins (dissogestrel, levonoride, and desogestre), and the few studies that looked at the same drugs were of mixed results. We found no new studies in 2014. We still know little about the risk of metabolic problems in women who are obese. We could not make strong statements about the effects of birth-preventing drugs on the body's ability to maintain normal blood glucose and blood sugar levels. We cannot be sure that birth-pills with desogested hormone (desogestr) are more or less likely to cause weight loss. We can be sure, though, that the same hormone (neorethristrine) is more or more likely to be used in the same way in the long- and short- term. We are not sure if birth-performing drugs with other types of hormone (e.g., norethisterone, nomegestre, and nomegestre enanthate) are any more or fewer likely to have a negative effect on the woman's blood glucose than pills with levonorgestre. We do know, though that birth and birth-substitute drugs are no more or no less likely, than pills without hormones. We have not found any studies that have looked at birth-provider drugs with newer types. We need more research to know if birth and use of birth and sex-preferring drugs can be safely and cost-effectively in obese and normal weight people.
We found 10 studies that compared exercise with no treatment in people with symptomatosis. Nine studies (549 participants) showed that exercise reduced pain (mean difference (SM) -0.38, 95% CI -0 to 0.20) and improved function (SMD 0.38 -0% CI 0.55 to -0). Five studies (393 participants) reported that exercise improved pain (SM -0%). Five studies reported that the improvement in pain was sustained at least three to six months after stopping treatment. Five studies showed that the pain reduction was sustained (SMS -0%) and the improvement was sustained after stopping exercise (SMs 0.37 -0%. Five studies also reported that people who had an exercise programme had less pain (MMS 0.58 -0%), but this difference was not significant (MMSS 0.18). Five of the 10 studies reported adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. The quality of the evidence was generally low. The results of these 10 studies may be vulnerable to bias as none of the studies were able to blind participants to the treatment they were receiving and, while most studies reported blinded outcome assessment, pain, physical function and quality of life were participant self reported. One of the included studies was only reported as a conference abstract and did not provide sufficient data for the evaluation of bias risk. The evidence is current to January 2015.
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for people with MS, but more research is needed. The review authors identified nine trials that involved 260 people. Six trials compared the effects of exercise treatment with no treatment, three trials looked at two types of exercise treatments. The results of the present review show that there is strong support for the use of exercise therapy for people who have MS, and that it can be helpful in terms of muscle strength, exercise tolerance and activities. No clear evidence was found for the effects on mood. No studies were found that looked at the effects that specific types of specific exercise treatments were more successful in terms or less successful in improving the activities of people with the disease. No adverse effects of the treatment were described.
We found only one trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours) with a delayed laparoscopical operation (4.2-6 months) for people with biliary colic. The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants). The trial was at a high risk of bias. The results of the trial were not available for the other outcomes. The participants were followed up for 4.2 months. The number of deaths in the early lapareoscopic cholemectomy group was 0.0% (0.5%) and 2.5% (2.5) in the delayed laparectomy group. There were no deaths in either group. The proportion of people who developed serious adverse events was 68 participants (28 people in the earlier laparoscope group and 40 people in delayed laparaoscopic choemorrhage group). The other outcomes were available for 28 participants in the laparectomy group and 35 participants in delayed group. No serious adverse event related to the surgery was reported. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema of the gallbladder (n=1), gallbladders perforation (n°1), acute cholecitis (a condition in which the gallstones are exposed to the gall, gallblad, or gallblartes), acute cholangitis (an inflammation of the choroid, gall, or bile duct), obstructive jaundice (jaundice), and recurrent biliary bowel colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the late laparotomy group as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours in the later laparosis group. This trial did not report quality of life or return to work. There was no significant difference in the proportion
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with short- or single dose prophyleaxis. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main outcome and the main outcomes were the risk of serious adverse events. We found that long- or short- term prophyaxis probably reduces the risk for SSI (plausibly between 76 and 26%) and the risk is probably 76% or 26%. There is some evidence that short-term prophymic antibiotics may decrease SSI, but the evidence is not strong. We are not sure if short- and long- term antibiotic prophyclic drugs are better than a single dose. We did not find any reports of side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all of the main results.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women, comparing the two policies. The study was small and the number of women included in the study was too small to be sure that there were any important difference in the number who died or were stillborn. The women were given a caesarean birth (with or with a caepse). The study did not show that there was a difference in birth weight, breathing problems, need for repeat surgery or need for a caeesaren birth. The trial did not look at the effect of the elective preterm birth on the gestations of the babies. We could not tell if there were benefits or harms of the two approaches. We were not sure if the women who had an elective birth were more or less at risk of pre-eclampsia (e.g., pre-pneuma) than those who had a capsis. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of pre term birth for pre-existing pre-ecosystolic or pre-cereals. We are not sure what the best way to give pre-preterm birth is. We need more research in this field.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week, that compared paracetamol with a placebo (dissolving the parabens) or other non-paracetamols (such as morphine, codeine, or codeine) for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. The studies were small, and all were at high-risk of bias. The three studies were of low quality. None of the studies reported on the outcomes we were most concerned with: pain relief of more than 50% or at least 30%, and pain of at least mild at the end of the treatment period; or improvement in quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. What pain reports there were indicated no difference between paracetamic acid and placebo when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetamate being different from placebo with regards to quality oflife, use, or preference for paracetamycin. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other adverse events and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. The quality of the evidence was very low, because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were at risk of bias from several sources. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of par acetamol alone or in combination with opioids for the treatment of cancer pain.
This review of 15 randomised trials found that there is not enough evidence to be sure that these drugs are safe and that they are effective. There is a need for more randomised clinical trials. There are some promising studies but they have been carried- out in China, but they were not well designed. There were no studies in the USA, and there were no trials in the UK. There was no information on the effects of other treatments. There may be some evidence that astemizole (a drug that is used to treat the symptoms of sleep loss) and diphenhydramine (a medicine that is taken by mouth) are more effective than placebo, but the doses of astemizo used were too high and the drug can cause side effects. There has been no evidence that propantheline (a Chinese medicine) is better than placebo. There have been no trials on the use of suo quo wan (a traditional Chinese medicine), oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract) or the antimuscarinic doxepin (a medication used to improve blood flow). There is not much evidence to support the use or use of these drugs in the treatment of sleep problems. There should be more randomized trials. Some may be underway.
We included six randomised controlled studies (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) with 195 people. Two studies compared the effects of inspirate muscle training with a threshold device; three studies tested expirate muscle-tracking with a device; one study tested the effects on health- related quality-of- life; and one study compared the effect of breathing exercise with no active control. We found that people with MS who had inspirate or expiratory muscle-brushing with a resistive threshold device had a higher peak inspirate force (maxim inspirate) than people who had no active treatment. The effect of these exercises on the level of inspiration (maximal expirator force) was not clearly different from that of those who had not been given any active treatment, but there was a small but meaningful benefit on the peak expirative force. The impact of these effects on the people's health-based quality- of- life was not clear. We did not find any studies that compared expirated muscle-racking with no exercise. We could not combine the results of the six studies, which were too small to be sure that the effects were the same. We were able to combine the data of 5 studies, with a total of 137 people, and we found that the effect on peak expiral force (expirate force), which was not significantly better than that of no active training, was not different. We are not sure if this effect is sustained. We also found no evidence that expirates had an effect on fatigue. We cannot be sure if the effect is the same for other outcomes, such as the level or quality-life. We rated the quality of the studies as low, which means we are very unsure of the true effect. We judged the quality to be low for all the outcomes, mainly due to the small number of people in the studies, the small sample size and
This review identified one randomised clinical trial (RCT) that compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no treatment. This trial included 38 women with ITP (41 pregnant with 41 pregnancies). The trial was conducted in the USA and included 26 women (28 pregnancies). This trial did not provide any evidence about other medical treatments for ITP during pregnancy. The trial did, however, provide some evidence that compared to no medication, betametasone did not reduce the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia and neonatal bleeding in ITP. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review authors concluded that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of betametsone for treating ITP in pregnant women. This review also identified the need for well-designed randomised trials on medical treatments to evaluate the benefits and harms of ITP for this medical condition during pregnancy, and the trade off between potential benefits and potential harms of these treatments.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 or 81) that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus before the operation and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so we could not assess if the results from this study had affected the overall results of the review. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. A single case of graft failure in a penetrating keratinoplasty was reported. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. Instances of graft rejection were reported, in both groups, in the studies. The majority of these cases were successfully treated with steroids. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK. Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% confidence interval (CI) suggesting an imprecise estimate, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another with regards for graft failure. DALK was unable to
We included 67 randomised controlled studies (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Denmark and the UK. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). The evidence was of moderate quality. Women receiving iron were less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control. Women had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the time of intervention, and had a lower risk of iron deficiency compared to control. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Women taking iron had a reduced risk of anaemia compared to those receiving control, and were more likely to have a higher risk of haemodynamic measurements of haeoglobin concentration. Women who took iron were more prone to experiencing gastrointestinal side effects (such as abdominal pain, constipation, loose stools/diarrhoea, and abdominal pain). Women taking an iron supplement had an increased risk of having a hard stools or constipation compared to controls. Women in the control group had no evidence of an increased prevalence of nausea. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. The quality of the evidence was moderate for anaemia, and high for haemodynamics. The overall quality of evidence was high for iron supplementation.
This review identified five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyridine over the irinotspecine and duloxacil alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment setting study. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 and 4 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed as low to moderate quality. There was no reduction in all-cause mortality in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-free survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy (HR: 0). However, the quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression- free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment.
This review of trials found that the best incision for abdominal surgery is a transverse incision (the incision that faces the stomach) and the best time to make the incision is around the time of the incisions. The results of this review are not conclusive and should be treated with some degree of caution. The evidence is up- to- date as of May 2013.
We included nine studies with a total of 9981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age of participants ranged from 33 to 351.7 years. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (participants and researchers were aware of the treatment they received). In four studies, participants were assigned to receive MBR or usual care. In the other four studies participants were allocated to receive either usual care or another type of treatment. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review found that people who received MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, and time away from work. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms that people could use their work-related outcomes, whereas effects for work- related outcomes were in the moderate range. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The included studies were of low to moderate quality. The main limitations of the available evidence were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. More high-quality studies are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4481 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. Bisphosphonates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression in men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. Bisplatinates probably reduce the number and severity of bone metastases. Bispratinates may increase the number (and severity) of kidney problems. Bisosphonate administration probably increases the number that experience nausea and kidney problems, but the quality of evidence was moderate. Bisphalosphonics probably reduce bone metastasis and disease growth. Bisphasophosphonic drugs probably reduce mortality. Bispalates probably increase the risk of kidney damage and nausea. Bispelatinic drugs may reduce the risk that men with bone metastasies from prostate cancer will experience bone breakdown. Bispleatinic agents probably reduce disease progression. Bisphaetonic drugs are probably safe and effective in men who have bone metastase from prostate. Bispanic drugs should be used with caution because of the increased risk of renal problems and nausea in men receiving bisphosphosphonatinates. Bisplanates should be considered in combination with other drugs for men with metastatic prostate cancer. Bishanosphonatide administration should be compared with other treatments such as radiotherapy, chemotherapy, radiotherapy and radiotherapy alone. Bishexonate treatment should be given for at least six months to a year. Bisphaseic drugs need to be used in combination and should be monitored for at minimum six months. Bisphenic drugs must be used for at most six months and should not be used at all if the cancer has spread beyond the bone.
We searched for randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared HDT + ASCT with either no treatment, other treatments (chemotherapy) or other treatments in people with FL. We found 5 RCTs, with 1093 patients. Four trials were in previously untreated patients and one in relapsed FL. The trials were conducted in the USA, one in Australia and one each in Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States. The quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to have been open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias is uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We also found that HDT+ASCT is more effective in terms of progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in patients with previously untreated FL. However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to a statistically significant PFS advantage in the HDT plus ASCT arm. For patients with relapsed fl, there is some evidence (one study) that HDt + ASC is advantageous in terms (Pfs) and OS in terms both in terms PFS and OS. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers. For the four trials in previously treated patients there are no statistically significant differences between HDT and no treatment in terms TRM or secondary acute my
We included 15 randomised trials with 1437 participants. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials compared WDD with placebo or no treatment, other antipsychotic drugs, or other treatments for schizophrenia. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The average age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The majority of participants were male. The mean duration of the trials was between one and three months. The included trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no intervention. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) and mental state when compared with other treatments. WDD also showed some positive short- term antipsychotics global effects compared to placebo or other antipressive drugs. However when WDD is compared with antipsychotropic drugs, there was no effect on global or mental state, but WDD caused fewer side effects. When WDD + antipsychoid was compared to antipsychiotic alone, the combination group had better global state and mental health. However WDD combined with an antipsychative caused fewer adverse effects. The combination was associated more side effects than antipsychosis alone. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all comparisons. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of WDD for people with schizophrenia.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found three new studies (228 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We found 12 studies with 799 participants. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (moderate-quality results). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain at first day between multistingrand and thermoels. 3. Conventional NiTi versus su pererelactic NiTi arches. There are three studies in these group, and it is not appropriate for us to analyse them. We are unable to determine from these three studies to decide whether there are any differences between conventional and su perelastic niTi arch wire materials with regard to either alignment or pain (low to very low-quality data). 4. Con conventional NiTi vs thermoelaelastic ni ti arch wires There are two studies, but we are unable for us not to analyse these studies. There may be no difference in the pain at the first day of use between conventional Ni Ti and su pneumatic NiTi or between conventional or supelelastic Ni ti arch wire material. 5. Superelactic niTi versus single-strand supelastic ni Ti. There
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one study that met our inclusion criteria. This study included 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study was conducted in 16 nursing homes in France. The participants were followed up for three months. The results of the study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item score scale). For the CMAI, the study reported a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing, Verbally Non- Aggressive Beh behaviour, such a repetition of a word or action, and Physically Aggressive Behavior, such an action, such is hitting. For the OS, the results were not statistically significant. For all other domains, the CBAI scales showed improvement in the intervention group. The evidence is current to January 2017. The quality of the evidence was very low. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research on the effectiveness and safety of this intervention is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had small sample size and short follow-up periods. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. One trial compared topical skin products given at different frequencies of application. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One of these trials compared a structured washcloth washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties with soap and water. The evidence is current up to 28 September 2016. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and washing water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use soap and wash water. Findings from the other trials, all being of very low to moderate quality suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be better than not applying a left-on skin care product. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. No evidence on the effects of interventions for preventing and treating IAD in adults exists. The performance of leave-ons depends on the combination of ingredients, the overall formulation and the amount applied. The quality of the evidence was very low or moderate for the outcomes of this review.
We included seven randomised controlled studies with 333 participants in our review. The evidence was current to September 2014. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The antiviral agents used in the trials were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. The duration of treatment varied between 20 days and six months. The quality of the evidence is very low. The risk of bias for all included studies was either unclear or high risk of systematic error. The results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the antiviral group but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Future studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be combined due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. There is no evidence of effectiveness for all other outcomes. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcome there was no statistically significant difference in antiviral therapy
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either the insulin glargine (a drug that suppresses blood sugar) or the insulin-receptor antagonist, detemir (a medicine that suppress the growth of insulin receptors). The results of the trials were not consistent. Insulin glargin was dosed once-daily in the morning. Insulins were given once-weekly in three studies. Insusdemiral injections were given twice-daily. The results were not significant in terms of blood sugar control, nocturnal and severe hypooglycemic control, and there was no difference in the number of injection site reactions. Insurition with glargines was more likely to cause weight gain. There was no clear difference in blood glucose levels in 24-hour blood tests. It was not clear if there was a difference in health- related health-based quality-of- life.
This review of trials found that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of patients with faecal incontinence. However, SNS did not improve symptoms in a similar number (53) of patients. Side effects were reported in a number (6%) of patients: pain at the site of the implant, a small patch of skin at the top (serum), tingling in the vaginal region, and pain in the leg. Side effect data were not reported for all patients. The review found that there is a need for more research to assess SNS for the treatment of people with incontininence.
The review of trials found that the failure of molar tubes bonded with a chemical-cure or light-cured (molecule) or lightened (glow-nake) glue was higher than that of molars cemented with glass-ionomer (a type of cement) or glass-cored (glazed) cement. The risk of tooth decalcation (wetness) was also higher with molar bands cemented in molar tube cemented using glass- ionomer than molars soldered with glass. No other side-effects were found. The two trials that we found (n = 190), at low- risk-bias, were of good quality. The review found that molar band molar treatments were more likely to be successful than molar tubs bonded with glass ionomer or lighted (glue) cement in terms of first-time tooth decay. The evidence for this finding is up- to- date as of April 2013.
We searched scientific databases for studies that compared EUS with other methods of screening. We included 66 articles published between 1988 and 2012. We found 66 articles that were eligible for inclusion in the review. We collected the data on 7747 patients with stomach cancer who were staged (diagnosed) with EUS. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Turkey, and the UK. The quality of the included studies was good. The diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be considered useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with stomach cancers. However, the diagnostic accuracy was not optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion, especially for the ability of EUs to distinguish T1a (mucosal) versus T1b (submucosa) cancers and positive versus negative lymph node status. Moreover, physicians should be warned that EUS diagnostic performance is lower in diagnosing superficial tumors (T1a versus T2) and lymph node (positive versus negative) status. Overall, we observed large heterogeneity and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be drawn about the use of EU in routine clinical settings. Therefore, all accuracy measures reported in the present work and summarizing the available evidence should be interpreted cautiously. Moreover we must emphasize that the analysis of positive and negative likelihood values revealed that EU diagnostic performance cannot be considered optimal either either for confirmation or exclusion, and that EUs diagnostic performance was lower in the ability to distinguish superficial tumors and lymph nodes.
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 people. The trials compared day surgery versus overnight stay laparoscopical operation for symptopic (surgically active) gallstone-infected patients. The number of people in each of the six trials ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age of the people in the trials was 40 to 47 years. The proportion of women in the studies varied between 74% and 84%. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that day-surgery appears to be as safe as overnight stay surgery in laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups. There were no significant differences in quality of life between the groups. The quality of the evidence was not significantly different between the studies. There is no significant evidence that day surgery is better than overnight stay for any patient-oriented outcomes such as return to normal activity or earlier return to work. The results of the trials supporting these statements are weakened by risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). More randomised trials are needed to assess the impact of day-surgical laparoscope cholecopy on the quality of lives of patients.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more people than the previous version. Two studies used a placebo control and six were blinded, which means that the people in the control group knew which treatment they were getting. We found four studies (1272 people). The studies were of generally good quality. High-concentration topical capsaicin was used to treat post-herpetic nerve pain, post-HIV-neuropathy, and pain in the legs. High concentration capsaicins produced more pain relief than control groups. The results should be viewed with some caution, as we found that the quality of the studies was very low. The studies did not report on the effects of high- or low-concordance capsaicine. High levels of pain were more common in people with post-Herpetic neuralgia, painful diabetic neuropathy, or painful diabetic nervepathy. High concentrations of capsaicina were used to reduce pain in pain in people who had painful diabetic nerves. High doses of capsicin were used in two studies (571 people) and in one study (369 people). High- or very low-intensity capsaicines produced moderate or substantial pain relief in people suffering from painful diabetic pain. High intensity capsaicinas did not cause serious side effects. The quality of evidence was very limited, as the studies were small and the results were not consistent. We rated the quality as moderate or very limited for pain relief, and very low for side effects, because of small numbers of studies and small numbers. We downgraded the quality because of poor reporting of study results.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition (iipsoide) of stroke. We combined the results of the three trials, which were of high- and low-certainty, to provide a pooled result. We found that the risk of stroke was higher in people with less than 30% stenosis, but there was no difference in the risk in people who had more than that. The risk of a stroke was the same in both groups. The evidence was of high quality. We did not find any evidence that either of the treatments had an effect on the risk for people with stenosis of 50% to 69%. We found no evidence that the treatment had an impact on the chance of a near-occlusion (the area of the carotids where the carots are stuck close to the skin). We found evidence that people with 50% or 69%, and those with 70%, to 99%, of stenosis were more likely to be treated with endarterectomically assisted removal. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for the risk and safety of stroke, and as low for the risks and benefits of the treatment of stenotic carotidiitis.
We searched for studies that compared the two surgical techniques for the treatment of parastomies. We found 10 studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants were adults with a wide range of diseases. The studies were published between 1980 and 2013. The results of the studies were inconclusive for the incidence of parstomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or stoma related mortality. The evidence is current to May 2015. The available evidence is of low or very low quality. The included studies were of poor quality. We were unable to determine whether one technique was better than the other for preventing parastomal hernia formation. The quality of the evidence was very low. The review authors recommend that future studies should be designed to provide more reliable evidence to guide clinical practice.
We searched for evidence on 20th September 2013 and found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our primary outcomes in interest. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation, clinical improvements in mental health and satisfaction with treatment, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapies but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low quality. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 participants with cancer-related pain. Most studies were of low quality. Most were small and had problems with study design. Most people with moderate or severe cancer pain were randomised to NSAIDs initially, but fewer people with pain that was not very bad or severe had completed or had the results of their treatment. We found that NSAIDs can help some people with cancer pain to get on with their treatment, and that some people can have pain that is no worse than mild or no worse at all after one or two weeks. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of NSAIDs on death, or side-effects. We judged the quality of the studies as low, and we were not able to combine the results to give a clear picture. We are not sure if NSAIDs are better than other drugs for cancer-specific pain.
We found two studies, which involved 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzapirin group than in the group treated with a fake medicine (placebo), and at day 4. This means that people with sickle cell disease who took tinzAPAR had less pain at day four and two days later than those who took a fake medication. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was 1.78 days in favour of the tinZaparin group. Participants treated with tinzabarin had significantly fewer hospitalisation days than participants in the placebo group, with a mean difference of 4.98 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tiniaparin groups, and none in the fake medicine group. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dalteparin group than the placebo groups, with the quality of evidence rated very low. The most important reasons for downgrading the quality was the risk of serious risk of systematic error (bias) and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Based on the results of two studies comprising 287 participants, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with Sickle cell diseases. Vaso-occlusive crises are extremely debilitating for sufferers of sickle cells; therefore well-designed placebo-controlled studies with other types of low heparin, and in participants with different genotypes of sickled cell disease, still need to be carried out to confirm or dismiss the results from this single study.
We searched for randomised controlled studies comparing anticoagulants with anticoageulants in people with carotid carfentanil-dissected arteries. We did not find any randomised trials that directly compare anticoactive drugs with anticlots. We found 36 observational studies (1285 patients) that compared anticoactin-based drugs with antiplatelet drugs. There were no trials that compared either anticoaceulants or antiplatelets with control. There was no evidence to support the routine use of anticoages for the treatment of carotids in people who have had a carotide artery dissection.
We found 26 randomised controlled studies (2066 patients) comparing silver-containing dressings or other treatments (in a number of different forms) with non-silver-dressings. We found that there is not enough good- quality research to be sure that silver-coated gauze, or silver-coloured dressings, or other dressings are better than non- silver-dressing. We also found that some studies found that silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream may be more likely to cause wound infection. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of SSD cream on wound healing. We are uncertain whether or not there is any difference in the risk of wound infection with the use of SSD/silver-colour dressings.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus the use other antibiotics for the treatment (e.g. carbapenems) of adults with VAP. The studies were of moderate quality. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapists (monotherapy) and combination therapy (4) or in the length (time) spent in the ICU (2). We found that carbapens (an antibiotic) were associated with a statistically significant increase in the clinical cure (clinical cure is the time taken to cure the infection) and no statistical differences in the number of deaths or adverse events between carbapenos (an antibiotics) and non-carbapenos. We did not find a difference between carbapsens (monotherapist) and combinations of different antibiotics for VAP, but we found that the combination of carbapeno and carbapene was associated with an increase in clinical cure. We could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for Vap, but carbappenems as a class may result in better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. We rated the quality of evidence for adverse events to be low. We downgraded the quality for all- cause mortality, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. We judged the quality to be very low for all other outcomes. We considered the quality and quantity of evidence to be moderate for all outcomes.
We found 29 studies investigating policies that targeted 11 drug classes for restriction. The policies were most often of older people or low income people, or both, in public-funded drug benefit plans. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. The review found that policies targeting the most expensive drugs (gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services. Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. Relaxed reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. However, policy design needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to publically financed drug benefits for seniors and low income populations, for example), also require explicit measurement.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 19 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies included a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. One study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points. The same two studies reported on plaque. There were no differences between the interventions in plaque reduction at all points. Two other studies reported dental decay at 6 months and 12 months respectively. There is no evidence that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gingsivitis, plaque or dental decay. Five studies compared some form of self-management versus some form or routine OHA and found little evidence of any difference between the two groups. None of the studies measured dental decay or gingival decay. Seven studies compared enhanced OHA with some form and routine Oha. There are no differences in the outcomes between the groups. There has been insufficient high-quality research to recommend any specific one- to-one oral health maintenance or improvement method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high- quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of one to-to one OHA for oral health. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
This review found five small trials that compared oral steroids with placebo (a fake drug) or no treatment. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or a fake drug were included. One trial (40 participants) reported that people who took oral steroids had a better overall pain relief than those who took a fake medicine. One of the two trials (28 people) showed a greater benefit of the oral steroids than those in the fake medicine group. The other (32 people), which was of low quality, showed no difference in pain relief. One small trial (28 patients) showed that people in the steroid group had a slightly better range of shoulder abduction (i) by 23.3 degree (95%) and a better range (23.3 degrees) of shoulder pain and function (18.1 points) than those on the fake medication. The trial did, however, show that the benefit was not maintained beyond 6 weeks. A third (40 people), small (30 people), trial (32 patients), showed that the oral steroid group was better than the fake drug group in terms of pain, range of arm and leg pain, but the effect was not long-term. There were no differences in range of range or shoulder pain. There was no evidence of side effects.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three studies compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogenous to allow the pooling of the results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials further increased the risk of bias. The trials did, however, provide some limited data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale (ALSFRS) score, which was pre-assigned as the outcome of our review. One of the trials provided data in a form that could be used for analysis. No difference was seen in the ALSFRS-R score and the ALS manual muscle test (MMT) score at 12 months in this trial. None of the studies reported on any side effects. There is not yet enough evidence to draw any conclusions on the efficacy and side-effects of r tMS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised clinical trial on people with ALS.
We included 10 randomised controlled studies (with a total of 1049 people) in this review. All studies involved different comparisons, and none had a control (placebo). In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20- 293). In another trial, clobetasol showed better disease healing in people with extensive BP (0 mg/g/kg) than prednisolone (1.0 mg, 95%, RR 1.79). No differences in disease control were seen for the use of plasma, tetratecline plus or with prednnisolon, azathioprine plus prednosolon or tetracyclecline and tributateclinide plus prednasolon. There were no significant benefits of Chinese herbal medicine (tetratecline) plus prednesolone in terms of healing. There was no difference in the number of deaths or side-effects in people treated with clobets. Milder regimens (lower dosage) are safe and safe in people who have moderate BP. Starting dosage of prednoses greater than 0.75 mg/kg/day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of side-effect.
This review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of people with symptoms of irritable bowels. However, the trials were of poor quality, and the results should be treated with some degree of caution. Some herbs, such as the Chinese herbs, may be helpful in the treatment of irritative bowels, but the trials that have been done so far have been small, and their results should not be taken at face-to-face.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of LNG and LNG regimens in women with infrequent sex. The studies included a total of 12,400 women. The trials were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated were LENAs (11 studies), LNG 0.75 mg (11 trials), LENAS (4 trials), and other drugs and other hormonal drugs. The women were followed up for at least six months. The results showed that LEN as a method of birth control were reasonably efficacious and safe. Most women liked the pericoital method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The majority of the studies were of poor quality. However the evidence is up to date to January 2015. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety as a primary method of contraception among women with frequent sex. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
We included 15 studies with 561 participants in this review. The studies were conducted across Europe, India, China, South Korea and USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young people, although the two studies that included in this update were from a much wider range (12 to 54). The distribution of patients and the types of extra-headgear was similar in eight of the 15 studies, with a predominance of female patients in the seven studies. The results of the review showed that there was strong support for the use of surgical anchorage for the treatment of mesiodistal tooth decay. There was also strong support that surgical anchage was more effective than conventional anchorage in the reinforcement of the upper first molar teeth. There is moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is more effective with surgical anchachment than conventional anchorage, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. There were no differences in the length of time patients received treatment between surgical and conventional anchage. There are no reported harms of either surgical or conventional anchoring. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of mesodistal movement of upper first teeth and reinforcement of upper molar headgear. The evidence for the outcome of mesodicodistals was of moderate quality. The overall quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because of differences in study design and reporting of outcomes.
We included 50 studies (45.285 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that statins reduce the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and death from any cause by 20% in people with CKD who did not have CVD at baseline. Statins also reduce the risks of stroke and death by 20%. Statins have uncertain effects on progression of CKD. Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood. Statine-related adverse effects were not well reported in the included studies. We were unable to determine the relative effects of intensive cholesterol lowering in people who have early stages of kidney disease.
We searched for studies that compared the use of painkillers for pain in children with cystic fibroids. We found nine studies that involved a total of 379 children. Nine trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. The children in the studies had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies were parallel designed RCTs. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) and all of the OI trials evaluated bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five out of the eight identified studies. For the two ITB studies for pain with CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo). In the two BoNT-a trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT A trials mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who were given alendroneate. The trial investigating pamidine found no evidence that pain was reduced with the intervention. No adverse events were reported in this trial. Overall the quality of the included studies was mixed. Only one study involved over 100 participants. In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epile
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared latrepirdine with placebo (a pretend drug) or another drug in people with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. The evidence is current to February 2017. We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were also included in the analyses. No data were available from the seventh trial. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United States. The results of the trials were imprecise and we were unable to determine whether latrepiritine had any effect on cognition, behaviour or function. However, there was some evidence showing a very small benefit of latrepircine on the neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoints (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that latrepirthine and placebo were comparable in adverse events (adverse events include: serious adverse events, dropouts due to adverse events and dropouts because of adverse events). The quality of the evidence provided on these outcomes was low. The quality was downgraded because of the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and the likelihood of bias of the studies. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse effects compared with placebo, there is no effect of latREPirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of the drug on neuropsychological symptoms in AD.
We included seven randomised controlled studies (RICs) involving 735 people with ischaemic stroke. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemia. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of having a stroke in people who have had a stroke due to blockage of the arteries (intracapulverous blockage), and stroke in those who have a block in the arteries due to cerebral small vessel disease. We did not find any evidence that the risk was reduced by RCT. We also found low quality evidence that people with stroke who have been treated with RCTs may be more likely to have a stroke if they have had an ischemic stroke. In people with a block or block in their arteries, RCT may be better than non-RCTs for preventing stroke. There was no evidence that it was more effective for treating ischic stroke. The evidence was of low or very low- or low- to very-low- or unclear- quality. We could not combine the data from the different studies, and we were not able to combine the results of the studies. We were able to include three studies (involving a total of 371 people). We found that RCT was better than no RCT for preventing ischaemic stroke, but the risk for stroke was higher in people with blockage. We are not sure if RCT is more effective than non RCT in treating ischemia. We have not found any RCT studies that have been done to assess the effects on ischaecemic stroke, and no RIC-related side-effects. We do not know if RIC is more or less harmful than nonRIC for treating people with strokes due to blocked arteries. We need more RCT data to be sure that RITs are safe. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for the risk-free outcome, and low
We included six randomised controlled studies (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to August 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of the infants was less than 28 weeks. The average age of infants ranged from 25 to 36 weeks. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. The protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays, and higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations compared to the unsuppulent group. There is no evidence that protein supplements increase the risk of feeding intolerance, necrotizing enterocolitis, or changes in serum albumin concentrations. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifiers and be designed to determine the effects on duration of hospital stay and safety, as well as on long term growth, body fat, cardio-mechanical, and neurodevelopment outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of PEMs to no PEM. We included 45 studies: 14 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) and 31 studies that used the ITS method. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and when P EMs are used as part of a single PEM, P EMMs may have a small effect on the outcomes of professional practice. There is not enough evidence to determine the effect of P EM on patient practice. We could not comment, from the data we have gathered, on which P EM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. The effectiveness of the PEM compared to other interventions, or of PMEs as part or as part a multi-faceted intervention, is uncertain.
This review of 23 randomised trials found that interventions aimed at promoting sexual behaviour change and safer sex skills can be effective, but there are few data on the effects of these programmes. Behavioural programmes can be helpful in promoting safe sex, but more research is needed.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2014. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychotherapy with cognitive behavior therapy. Participants receiving brief psycho education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term and medium term. Participants were also more likely to comply with medication in the medium term, and were more likely than those who received routine care to be able to take their medication. Participants who received brief psychoeducational interventions were less prone to relapse than those given routine care. Participants in the brief psycho Education group were more satisfied with their treatment and were less anxious and depressed than those in the routine care group. Participants with brief psychoediation were more able to complete medication compliance tests than those with routine treatment. Participants' mental state was improved in the shorter term, but not in the long term. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved in those who had brief psycho eduction. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in the shortest term, nor in the death rate in either group. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, brief psychoanalysis of any form appears to reduce relapse in the mid-term, and promote medication compliance in the very short term. A brief psychoeducated approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included participants with COPD who had not had a flare up in the past year. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent exacerbations was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk for bias due to poor reporting of study methods and possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Follow up ranged from six to 52 months. Compared to the LABA+LABA arm, the results for the primary outcomes for the LAMA+LAB arm were as follows: exacerbations, serious adverse events (SAE), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the baseline, and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change from baseline. Compared with the LAPA+LABC arm, we found that LAMA has fewer exacerbations and a larger improvement in FEV1, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 units or more of the SGRQ. These data were supported by low or moderate quality evidence generated from mainly participants with moderate to severe COPD in heterogeneous trials with an observation period of less than one year. Our findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. All children were discharged from the emergency department without being treated. The studies compared heliox with 30% humidified air (30% of the body's normal airway pressure) or with 30%, 30%, or with one dose (0.3 mg/kg) of dexamethasone (0,6 mg/g) for 60 minutes or no treatment. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found no new studies for this update. The trials were of low quality, and the evidence was limited. The results of one study showed that children treated with heliox may have slightly better croup scores at 60 minutes postintervention, but there may be no difference between groups at 120 minutes. Children treated with a dose of dex amethason may have lower respiratory rates at 60 and 90 minutes, but this may be similar to the effect of 30% oxygen. The children treated in this study may have had similar mean respiratory rates and heart rates at 20 minutes. The effect of heliox on hospitalisation rates was not reported. The other two studies showed that heliox was no better than 30% of normal airways pressure for children with mild to moderate croup. The third study showed no difference in hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low-quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. We could not combine the results of the studies because each comparison included data from only one study. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all of the outcomes.
The review of trials found that the use of red flags to screen for vertebral fracture in patients with LBP is not helpful. The available evidence does not show that red flags are useful in the prevention of LBP. Based on single studies, few red flags have been shown to be useful. When combinations of red flag tests are used, the results of these tests seem to be more accurate. It should be noted, that red flag use is based on imprecise results. It is also noted, many red flags may be false positive, and if acted on, there would be serious costs for the patients.
This review identified two randomised trials that compared urethral dilatation and urethroplasties in 210 men. The first trial was carried- out in the USA and the second trial was conducted in the UK. Both trials were conducted in men with urethra stricture following pelvic fracture injury. The results of the trials were inconclusive. There were insufficient data to determine which treatment was the best for urethr stricture disease in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs.
We found six trials (including two trials testing two different inhalers) that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were of high quality. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, suspected, or suspected, asthma were included. There were no differences between the two treatment groups in terms of the risk of having an asthma flare up. The risk of an asthma attack was the same for both groups. There was no difference in the risk that a flare up required a course of oral corticostoids. There is low- to very low- quality research that suggests that inhaled budoncidine (budsone) and beclomimetic (clomipramine) are equally effective in reducing the need for rescue oral cortics and the rate of severe adverse health events. There are no data on the effect of intermittent inhalers on lung function, airway inflammation, asthma control and reliever use. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily treatment. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harm of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term impact of intermittent therapy on lung growth and lung function decline.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 people with kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with a range of CKD stage 1-5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) that increased fruit and vegetable intake, two (355 people) dietary interventions of a Mediterranean diet and one (12 people) diet of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In very-low quality evidence, dietary interventions had uncertain effects on all- cause mortality or ESKD. In absolute terms, dietary intervention may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKDM, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Across all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Dietary intervention may increase health- related quality oflife, e-GFR and serumalbumin, but the certainty of this effect is very low, as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. Dietary diets lowered systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood blood pressure (lower blood pressure) and blood pressure levels compared to a control diet. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels, but there was no evidence of a benefit on mortality, cardiovascular events or ESKAD. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research in the setting of CK, preliminary evidence of beneficial effects on risks factors for clinical outcomes for clinical
We found only one study that compared the effectiveness of mist or steam inhalation with nebulaed salbutamol and nebulised sal but amitriptyne for bronchiolitis. The study was conducted in the USA and included 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchioitis. Participants were randomised into three groups: nebulised salbutamicol, nebulized saline and mist in a tent. The results showed a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score in the nebulisation salbutamide group but no significant decrease of the RDS score in either the mist in the tent or nebulise saline groups. The trial did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalations or mist therapy for acute bronchiolaitis in children up to three years old.
We searched for studies that compared the effect of statins with placebo or no statins in people with Alzheimer's or vascular disease. We found four studies (1154 people) that met our inclusion criteria. All participants had a history of Alzheimer's and were already on statins. All four studies were of high quality. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia and Canada. The mean age of participants ranged from 50 to 90 years. The evidence is current to January 2015. The main outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from baseline. There was no benefit from the statin in MMSE when we pooled the data (mean effect -0,32, 95-CI -071 to 0,06, P values = 0). Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. When we combined data, we found no significant difference between statins and placebo (odds ratio 1.09, 95+ CI 0.58 to 2.06, p values = 1.06). There was also no significant effect on behaviour, global function or activities of daily living in the statins or placebo groups. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We did not find any studies assessing role of statin treatment of vascular dementia.
This review identified four studies involving a total of 149 people with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting. There were no significant differences in ankle range of motion in a group of 26 people with Chcot- Marie-Toot disease type 1. One of these two studies assessed a prednoselector (dissolving the bone in the ankle) and found no difference in ankle function. One study assessed prednosednisolone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of prednisone at 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo, there was no significant difference in the range of movement of the ankle between groups. Increasing the prednisones dose to 1.5 mg/ kg/day had no significant effect on ankle range. One trial evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with muscular dystrophies. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. There is no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range in CharcotMarie-tooth disease type 2 or Duchennes muscular dystonia. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing upright and ambulant (with or with the use) versus recumbent (with and out of bed) and bed care. The trials were of good quality, but the way they were conducted was not. The results of the trials were not all consistent. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and did not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. The quality of the evidence was variable. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of women in each group. More research is needed to confirm the true benefits and risks of upright and mobile positions compared with recumbency.
We searched for randomized controlled trials that compared any treatment with no or with an active treatment. We found three randomized controlled studies, but we could not find any trials that had a long-term follow- up. We only found one study that had high risk of bias. This study involved 55 people with TOS of the 'disputed' type. The study compared transaxillum first rib resection (TFRR), a surgical procedure to remove the first rib, with suphaclasty (surgic nerve block). The study had a high risk for bias. The first trial found that TFRR was more likely to reduce pain than SNBP, but there was no evidence that one was more effective. The second study, which was of low risk of high risk, looked at 37 people with a TOS type of TOS, and found that BTX injections did not improve pain more than saline injections. The trial did find that BTZ injections were no more helpful than saline. The review found no trials that looked at the use of other treatments. We need more research to find out which is the best way to treat TOS.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that a hand brace (four weeks) and ultrasound treatment for two weeks were not significantly beneficial. However one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound which was maintained at six months. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Compared to placebo, pooled data for two-week oral steroid treatment demonstrated a significant improvement in symptoms. One trial also showed improvement after four weeks. Compared with placebo, diurestics or nonsteroid anti-inflammatories did not demonstrate significant benefit. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In another trial involving 21 people carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved symptoms after three weeks compared to no treatment. In the third trial involving 50 participants, steroid and insulin injections significantly improved pain over eight weeks. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and function. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not show symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit when comparing to placebo. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 people. One study compared IVS with observation and one study compared dexamethasone with sham injections. The two RCTs were funded by the manufacturer. The evidence is up-to- date as of August 2018. The studies enrolled a combined total of 165 participants with CRVO-ME. The results of the two studies were not consistent. The study in the SCORE group showed that participants treated with IVS were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual acuity compared with participants in the observation group. However, the average visual acity decreased in all three groups. The SCORE study also showed that IVS treatment resulted in a higher incidence of adverse events than observation alone. The most commonly reported adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. The quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting. The included studies provide insufficient evidence to determine the benefits of IVS for individuals with CRV-ME, and the improvement in visual outcomes noted in theSCORE study should be interpreted with caution as outcome data were missing for a large proportion of the observation participants. The GENEVA study reported that 63% in the treatment arm versus 43% in observation group experienced an adverse event. The IVS therapy was associated with more adverse events. The GRADE assessment of the evidence was based on the following criteria: 1. The overall quality of the studies was low.
This review of six trials involving a total of 394 children found that intranasal corticostoids may improve nasal symptoms in these children. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that beclomethasone, a corticosteroid, given for eight weeks (336 mcg/day), improved nasal symptoms and reduced adenoid/choroid size more than a dummy pill (18.5 mcg per day). The second four-week study showed a greater improvement in nasal symptoms with beclometric nasal obstruction in 38% of patients treated with beletizine (400 mcg a day) between week 0 and week 2, whereas none of the patients treated placebo had such improvement. The third parallel-group trial showed that 77.7% of children treated with mometasone (100 mcg daily) for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in symptoms and a decrease in adenoids size, such that adenoidalectomy could be avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of the children treated in the placebo group. The fourth parallel- group trial showed a larger reduction in adnoid size with flunisolide (500 mcg) than with isotonic saline solution (P < 0.05). The fifth parallel-grip trial demonstrated that fluticasone significantly reduced nasal obstruction symptoms and adenodysplasia size, and adnoidsectomy was avoided in 77% of those treated with fluticase (400mcg/daily) compared with just 20% in the saline group. In contrast, one parallel-groups trial did not find a significant improvement in either nasal obstruction or adenone size after eight weeks of treatment with belytic (200 mcg). Current evidence suggests that intnasal cortics may significantly improve nasal obstruction and adenaoid size in children with moderate to severe adenitis due to adenococcal disease. This improvement may be associated with a
We searched for evidence on 5 February 2016 and found one study that involved 24 women. The study was conducted in Mexico and involved women who were not labouring. The women were given either an epidural block or an antihypertensive drug (antihypertensives) or a control group who received antihysteric drugs, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole. The control group received anti-hypertension drugs and the control group was given an epidurals. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days later); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious complications (defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema, pulmonary hypertension, and preterm birth); death in utero (birth before 37 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (births plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths within the first 28 days after birth, deaths after the first month, preterm births (birth after 37 weeks’ gestation), and pre-term birth (birth of the baby before 37 completed weeks‘ gestation). The included trial did not provide any information on the baby outcomes. The only outcome that was reported was the Apgar score of the newborn baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. The epidural agents lowered the vasomotor tone of the mother and baby. However, the change in the change of the mean arterial pressure and systolic arterial pressures,
We searched for evidence on 15 September 2016. We included 16 trials with 927 participants. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention). Glucocortics were administered orally or parenterally for a median 28 days (range 3 days to 12 weeks). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no evidence of effect of glucococorticaosteroids on all-cause mortality up to three months following randomisation, or on health-related quality of life up to one month after treatment. There were no serious adverse events during treatment, liver-related mortality up up to two months following treatment, number of participants with any complications up to up to four months following the start of treatment, and number of people with non-serious adverse events up to at least three months' follow-up after end of treatment. The certainty of evidence was very low for all- cause mortality and health- related quality oflife, and low for health-based quality of the life. The quality of evidence for all outcomes was very poor. The trials were at overall high risk of bias. All trials but one were at risk of systematic error (risk of overestimating benefits and underestimating harms of gluccorticostoids). The quality and quantity of data were very low. The evidence is up to date to September 2016, and we are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference between glucocorts and placebo or placebo or control on all cause mortality, serious adverse event, and health related quality-of-life. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events
We found four studies that involved 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The interventions included a simulator-based driving programme, a skill-based approach, and a retrain of vision, such as retraining of visual processing, and visual motor skills. We found no clear evidence that the use of a driving simulator improved the scores of people who had a stroke. We did, on the other hand, find that it may have helped people to learn to recognise road signs. There was not clear evidence of an effect on the scores on the test-ride test, which is a test that asks people to take part and then return to the same place on the road, as well. There were no adverse effects. We were not able, at the present, to draw any conclusions on the effects of the intervention on the vision, other aspects of cognition, and on the driving behaviour. We could not find any studies that assessed the effects on the on- road driving skills of people with stroke. The quality of the studies was low or very low. We judged the overall quality of studies to be low for most of our main outcome measures.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted at hospitals with 519 participants. The average age was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men was 58% to 84%, and COPD was classified as severe or very-severe. Corticostoids were given at equivalent daily dose (three to seven days) for three to seven day for people with COPD, 10 to 15 days (10 to 15) for people who had COPD that was not severe, and for three or seven days for people whose COPD had worsened. Five of the studies were funded by the drug manufacturer. Five trials compared short-duration (three days or less) versus longer-duration systemic corticosteroid treatment. Five were conducted in hospitals with a total of 519 people. The duration of the treatment ranged from three days to 10 days. The studies were at low risk of bias. We found no difference in the risk of treatment failure between short- duration and longer- duration systemic cortics. No difference in risk of relapse (a new event) was observed between short and longer duration corticostoid treatment, and the likelihood of an adverse event was similar. Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferiority and compared five days versus 14 days of systemic cortiosteroid therapy. Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment did not change between short duration and long duration cortiostoid therapy, and we found no differences in the likelihood that shorter courses of systemic steroids (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer (10 or 14 days) courses. We graded most of the evidence as moderate quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. We are confident that five days of oral corticoid treatment is likely to
We searched for evidence on 5 February 2016 and identified one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) that compared a policy of giving blood transfusions only to people with MDS who had a low white blood cell count (Hb) to prevent transfusion transfusions or to people who had normal white blood cells) to decide whether to receive blood transfusion or not. The trial was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low. The one included study did not show a difference in the number of deaths or transfusions between the two groups. There were no anaemia-related complications (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels. The study did report no information on mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. The evidence is up to date to February 2016. The review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion strategies for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of bone marrow disease, MDS, rises with an ageing population.
We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of games as a teaching tool for health care workers. We found two studies that evaluated the effects of games on health care worker knowledge. The first study compared a game-like game (Snakes and Ladders), which was a reinforcement technique, with a case-based game of stroke prevention. The second study compared game- based learn-to-play (a game that uses a series of steps) with a more traditional case- based game. The study did not assess any of the patient or care-giving outcome measures. The findings of this review do not confirm nor refute the utility of the use of games to teach health care staff to be more aware of their patients.
This review of trials found that lithium or antidepressants may prevent relapsing in people with un bipolar affective disorder. There was not enough evidence to say if they are better than other drugs for treating relapsers.
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on the salvage glands. Moreover, no health-related quality of life and no patient-oriented outcome were assessed. The amifrostine has not been shown to be effective in the treatment of thyroid cancer.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017. We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician's intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics and once-weekly home-brief sessions for 12 weeks. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. The study found gains for the intervention groups on total-language measures immediately postinter intervention. One of the three studies did not find any differences in parental stress scores between the two groups at any time point up to 12 months postintermission. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children postinterventions, and in one study most strategies were maintained in the interventions group at 12 months after intervention. No study measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. No studies reported language attrition following the intervention in either. One found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the parent- mediated intervention group. One looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers in the group attended seven out of nine group and four home visits.
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found no evidence to support the use of exercise-based rehabilitation for adults after heart valve surgical procedures. We did find that exercise- based rehabilitation may increase exercise capacity compared with no exercise. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. There were no data on health-related quality of life, and the trials did not report on health status, and cost. We also found no data for the return to work outcome. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We were unable to combine the results of the two trials because of the small sample size and the risk of random errors.
We found five studies that compared meditation with usual care or usual care. Two studies compared meditation to massage and the others compared multi-discipline pneuma care with pneum-care. The studies were conducted in the same country, but in the pneumatoid and palliative care studies it is not clear if the participants were given support from a chapline (a member of the palliate care team), a spiritual counsellor (a person who offers spiritual or spiritual-based care) or both. The pneu-care studies did not find that any of the studies found that any form of spiritual or religious support or both had an effect. The quality of the evidence was low. We found no clear evidence that interventions with a spiritual or Religious component to pneutrino-paedic pneumatic massage or pneural pneukary gland biopsies have an effect on well- being. The trials were small, and the studies were of poor quality. We need more research to find out if such treatments can help people with incurable terminal illness.
We included six studies with a total of 137 participants. Two studies with 45 participants examined the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our main outcome, the Unified Parkour and Dyskinesia Rating Scale (UPDRS). We found no evidence of an effect of tCS on the UPDRS score. However, there was evidence of a reduction in the UDPRS part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesiasia, but there was no evidence that tDCS reduced the time that symptoms were controlled but the person still experienced involuntary muscle movements. Two trials with a combined total of 41 participants examined gait speed using timed gait at the conclusion of the treatment phase. We found one trial with a group of 16 participants examining the effects on the effects (tDCS plus movement therapy) of tDCS plus movement therapies on our secondary outcome, gait. We did not find any evidence of any effect of the tDCS on the change in global UPDR score. We also found no difference in dropouts and adverse effects between the tDCs and control groups. We could not determine the effects for reducing off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and on the time with symptoms (time that symptoms are controlled but people still experience involuntary muscle movement) and for improving health- related quality of life, disability, and impairment in patients with IPD. We identified no study examining the effect of using tDCS for improving activities of daily living. In two of six studies, dropouts, adverse events, or deaths occurred during the intervention. There was insufficient evidence that dropouts were higher with tDCS. Evidence of very low quality indicates no difference between tDCS and control.
We included 12 studies (N=461) in this review. We excluded four studies from the previous version of this review because they did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. We included an additional four studies (154 patients) in the update of this update. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low. The studies were small and of poor quality. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic blockade and other active treatments. Two small studies compared LASB to a sham (fake) treatment, which is a fake medicine). They did not demonstrate any short-term benefit for LASBs for pain intensity. One small study (36 patients) at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one-year follow-up but not at short term follow- up. Of two studies that investigated LASb as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from LASBS. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active interventions. Most of these studies found that there was no difference between sympathetic block and other treatments. One study compared ultrasound-guided LASBP with non-guided local anaesthesia and found no clinically important difference in the pain outcomes. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. This update's results are similar to the previous versions of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetics for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that LASBA is effective for reducing pain in CRPS, but there is no evidence
We included trials that compared the effects of antiviral drugs (antivirals) with either no treatment, a fake drug (dilute) (dissolve), or a placebo (disease-free drug) in people with Bell's palsy. We found that the use of the antivirals may have little or no effect on the rate of Bell's-related incomplete or partial recoveries. The rate was lower with the antiviral drug compared to no treatment. The number of people with severe Bell's (ie, with a score of 5 and 6 or lower) palsy (i) or with a severe case (i), or with Bell‘s palsy of varying degrees, was lower in people who were treated with the combined antiviral drug plus corticostoids than in people treated with corticosteroids alone. The combination of antiviralin and corticoid drugs probably reduced the late sequelae of Bell’s palsia compared with cortinoids alone, but the evidence is too uncertain for us to draw conclusions. We also found that people who received the antivirin plus cortinoid drugs had fewer episodes of motor synkinesis or crocodile tears compared to people who had received corticoids alone (2 trials, 667 participants). We found no clear difference in adverse events from the use antivirant drugs compared with either placebo or corticosterone alone. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low for the outcomes of incomplete recovery and motor synkeinesis and crocodile tear, and very low for adverse events.
We found two studies, including 97 women, comparing two different LHRH agonists (leuproreceptor agonists) for the treatment (leupererererelin and treosulfan) of platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory EOC. One study compared leuprorelin with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfans) and the other study compared decapeptyl with a placebo (a pretend treatment). The studies were conducted in France and the United Kingdom. The studies lasted from two to three years. The evidence is current to January 2014. The two studies were of very low quality. There may be little or no difference between treatment with leuprerelins or treosulans in overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, respectively. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treos sulfan than leuprrerelan. There was no difference in other Grade 3/4 side effects: nausea and vomiting, neurotoxicity (damage to nerves), neutropenia (inflammation of the blood), neutrophils (inflammations of the bone marrow) and neutropensia (infection of the white blood cells). The Currie 1994 study, which compared decaceptyl treatment with placebo, reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks, respectively, and no relative effects measures or P value at a particular time point were reported. Overall survival (os) and QoL outcomes were not reported. In addition, adverse events were only mentioned for the decapeptic group. Adverse events were incompletely reported (no adverse events in decapeplyl group, but not reported for the placebo group). Based on this review of
We found 17 studies that compared the effects of inhaled nitric oxide (iNNO) in infants with hypoxaemic (low blood pressure) or low blood pressure. We found that inhaled iNNO may reduce death or the need for ECM (ECM) in babies with hypoacchial illness. Inhaled nitrous nitric nitric oxalate (i NO), when given at an initial dose (20 ppm) for at least 24 hours, may reduce the risk of death or use of ECMO in infants who have low blood oxygen levels. In addition, iNO may improve oxygenation in the blood of the newborn. In the studies that looked at the effects on the baby's breathing, oxygenation was improved in approximately 50% of infants receiving iNO. The babies who received iNO had a lower oxygen level within 30 to 60 minutes after the start of therapy, and partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) was increased by a mean of 53 mmHg. Infants who received oxygen at a lower dose (iNO at 20 ppm) did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Fewer of the babies who were treated with iNO early had a higher risk of developing a hernia (diaphragmatic hernia), but this did not affect the risk for death or need for an ECMO. In summary, inhaled Nitric oxide appears to be effective for babies with low blood nitrogen levels in their blood.
This review of trials found that lumbar supports are not more effective than no treatment, no treatment or training, or other preventive treatments for low-back pain. There was also conflicting evidence on the effect of lmbar supports on other preventive interventions. There is moderate evidence that lmbars are not better than no intervention or training in preventing low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are better than other preventive intervention. It remains unclear whether lumbarb supports are more effective in treating low-backs than no or other interventions. More research is needed to answer this question.
We included 57 studies with 16.784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that antimicrobial CVCs reduce the occurrence of catheter-related blood stream infection and catheter colonization. However, the magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to the setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. There were no significant differences between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. The magnitude of the benefits was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. A comparatively smaller body of evidence suggests that antimiotic CVC-impregnant CVC do not appear to reduce the rates for clinically diagnosed sepsis or death. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of antimicrobial-impanted CVCS across all settings. Further randomized controlled trials assessing antimicrobial cVCs should include important clinical outcomes like the overall rates of sepsitis and mortality.
We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCT) that compared nutrition-based programmes with no intervention. The studies took place in Bangladesh, India, and Periurba. The interventions were in the form of nutrient supplements (three studies), micronutrient or macronutrients (eight studies), nutrition education (three), and systems of support (two) for the home (two). The studies were carried- out in the urban context. The evidence is up-to- date as at September 2015. The review found that all the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. The nutritional interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three RCTs), micronsutrient supplementation in children (eight RCTS), nutrition Education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening interventions targeting children (two studies). The interventions included in this review were adapted to the urban setting (eight trials) and targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening (seven studies). There were no dietary interventions. None of the studies reported differences in the impact of interventions on equity issues. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The main outcomes were length of life, low-to moderate-quality outcomes for low- to moderate-weight babies, and low-quality results for low weight babies. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all outcomes. The included studies had some limitations in their design and reporting. The overall quality of evidence for the outcomes was very limited. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution. The available evidence is limited by the small number of studies and the wide range of outcomes reported. The results of this systematic review are not conclusive. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether nutrition-specific interventions can reduce low- and moderate-income babies and children who are born into slums or poor urban or periurban areas.
This review of trials found that foam dressings do not appear to be more effective than other wound dressings in the healing of venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in the number of people who had ulcers that had been healed at 12 to 16 weeks, and no difference when foam dressers were used with paraffin gauze, paraffins, or hydrocapsules. There were no differences in the proportion of people with side-effects when foam was used with polyurethane foam, or with other wound dressing treatments. The evidence in this area is low- to very- low- quality. More research is needed to confirm the efficacy of foam dressing in the treatment of venus leg ulcer.
We found two studies that compared the effects of celecoxib and etoricoxib to a dummy drug (placebo) in patients with rheumatologic symptoms. One of the two studies (159 patients) showed that the two drugs did not cause more side-effects. The other (222 patients), which showed that both drugs did, did not make a difference to the symptoms. The two studies were of low quality. The results for the effects on the disease and the side- effects were unclear. The studies did, however, show that celeoxIB and etricoxib do not cause side-effect. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of patients and short duration of treatment. The authors of the study comparing celecoxIB and placebo did not report side-side effects. The study comparing etoricoxinib to placebo did report side effects. Side effects included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No patients experienced any cardiovascular side effects or thrombotic side effects (blood clots). The results of the studies were uncertain. The overall quality of evidence was very low due mainly to the low number of events. The evidence is up to date as of August 2014.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants. The studies were mostly small, mostly of poor quality, and had short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). Six studies included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one study included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two studies included people who had not been infected; and the remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found that there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the different types of topical antimicrobial treatments. We are uncertain about the relative effects of different topical antimicrobials for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events. We considered the certainty of the evidence to be low or very low for all of our outcomes. The certainty of evidence was downgraded twice due to risk of bias, and the certainty was very low on the other outcomes. We judged the certainty to be very low or low for the following outcomes: 1) use of an antimicrobial dressing (e.g. silver, iodides, super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine) compared with non-antimicrobial dressings (elevating the risk for any adverse events); 2) use (or comparison) of an antibiotic-based dressing (i.e. systemic antibiotics (e) compared to non-anti-antibiotics (e). We found no evidence that the use of topical antibiotics (i) increases the risk that the wound ulcers heal more quickly than non-ants. We also found no information on the number of ulcers healed. The overall certainty of this evidence was very limited. The quality of the included studies was generally low
We searched for studies that compared zinc supplementation with placebo or no treatment in children with acute bronchitis. We included six studies that involved 5193 children. We did not identify any new studies. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of acute bronchemic pneumonia by 13%, and the number of children with upper chest infections (pneumonia) by 41%. We found no evidence that zinc supplements reduce the number or occurrence of lower chest infections. We also found that the number (and occurrence) of children who had fast breath tests (e.g., chest x-rays or X-rays) was lower. We could not find any studies that looked at the effect of zinc supplements on the number, duration, or occurrence (of pneumonia). We found low- or very-low- or unclear-evidence that zinc is beneficial in children.
This review found that vitamin A has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTI. Vitamin A caused an increased risk of LRTIs in one study; an increase in cough, and a higher risk of fever in two other. This result is outside our current knowledge of the use of vitamin A for preventing LRTIS. Low-dose vitamin A seems to be more effective than high-dose vitamin C, but its effects are limited.
This review of trials found that theophylline improves lung function and slightly improves blood gas tensions. These benefits were seen in people with moderate to severe COPD. However, the benefit was modest and the risk of side-effects was greater with the theophyllan. The quality of the trials was low, and the studies were small. Theophyllines were well tolerated, and very few people dropped out of the studies.
We included 10 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapists 249; control group 190) from the USA, aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. The studies were conducted in the USA and Canada. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that oral immunotherapy for egg allergy is effective, but the quality of evidence was low due to small numbers of participants and events, and possible bias. Most children (82%) in the oral immun therapy group could eat a full serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of the control group. Fewer than half (45%) of children receiving oral immuntreatment were able to tolerate a full serve of egg compared to only 10% in the control groups. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of children presented mild-to severe adverse events during oral immuntherapy treatment versus 6.8% of those in the placebo group. Of note, seven studies used an avoidance diet. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. Three of the studies used a placebo control with adverse events present in 2.6% of people. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the trials. Eight included studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Furthermore, the quality evidence was judged to have low quality due to the small numbers and events.
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Data were not available for adverse events after ILR implant. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the ILr implant were counted. The mean cost per diagnosis and the mean cost of arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR. Moderate quality evidence shows that an aetiologic diagnosis increases the rate of aetic diagnosis as compared with a standard diagnosis pathway. No conclusive data were provided on the other end-points analysed. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILRs in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILR to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. These studies compared the use of sclerotherapy and surgery for hydrocoleus. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012 and involved a total of 275 patients. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there was no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups. However, there was significant heterogeneity in the results of the studies. This could be due to the agent used or the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. There was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received sclerosant agents compared with surgery. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the sclerosing solution group. There were more infections in the surgery group but this increase was not statistically significant. The frequency of pain in the surgical group was higher than in the aspiration and scler therapy group. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was not significant difference between the groups. Radiologic cure was also not reported. There is a great need for rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different types of sclera agents, scleroses solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It is important that the RCTS have sufficiently large sample size and long follow-up period. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated instruments. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness studies should also be undertaken.
We searched for evidence on the use of nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rh DNase) in the treatment of tracheal malacys. We found one randomised trial (RCT), which compared nebused rh DNase with a dummy treatment (placebo). The RCT was carried- out in the USA and involved 40 children with tracheomalacia and a respiratory tract infection. The trial was funded by the National Institutes of Health Research (NIHR) and the National Institute of Health (NIH) Research Council of Canada (NIHC). The trial lasted two weeks and involved children with a mean age of five years. The children were followed up for two weeks. The RTC was funded in part by the NIHR and the NIH. The results of the trial showed that there was no significant difference between the two groups for the proportion of children who were cough-free at two weeks, but the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the dummy treatment group. The mean change was also better in the placebo group compared to those on nebulized rhDNase, but this difference was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests at two week) favoured placebo over nebulisation rhDNASE but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomagmatic disease. It remains inconclusive whether the use nebulising rhDNases in children with airway malacia and respiratory tract infections worsens recovery. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with tracomalacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these R
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT); the rest of the studies evaluated other forms, such as third- wave CBT (mindful, non-confrontant therapy), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. The studies were carried- out in a wide range of countries, and included people with a range of age groups. The average number of sessions in the studies ranged from 1.5 to 13. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. Most studies were conducted in the USA, and most were conducted among people with general health problems. The duration of symptoms reported by nine studies was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. For all studies comparing some form or combination of psychological therapies with usual care or a waiting list, CBT reduced the severity of symptoms at the end of treatment. This effect was small to medium. Compared with enhanced or structured care, CBTs generally were not more effective for most of the outcomes. Five studies (679 participants) showed that psychological therapies were somewhat less acceptable in terms of drop-outs than enhanced care. Five of the five studies (624 analysed participants) assessed symptom severity comparing some psychological therapy with enhanced care, and found no clear evidence of a difference at end of the treatment. Results for the subgroup of studies comparing CBT with usual therapy were similar to those in the whole group. When all psychological therapies included this review were combined, they were superior to usual care and waiting list in terms in terms for reducing the severity and duration of symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all studies in this review included participants who were willing to receive psychological
We searched for evidence on 30 May 2017 and identified 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared regional anaesthesia with no regional anaesthetic for preventing PPP after thoracotomy or caesarean section. We included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesiography for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our analysis. Evidence synthesis of seven RCTS favoured epidural anaesthesia for thoracectomy, suggesting the odds of having PPP three to 18 months following an epidural for thorcotomy were 0.52 compared to not having an epidurals. Evidence syntheses of 18 RCT studies favoured regional anaesthetics for the prevent of persistent pain three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery. Pooling data at three to 8 months after caesarian section from four RCT-based studies favoured the use of regional anaestation after caearean sections. Evidence summary of three RCT trials investigating continuous infusion with local anaesthetic in the prevention and treatment of PPT three to 55 months after iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG) was inconclusive. However, evidence synthesis of two RCT reports also favoured the infusion of intravenous local anaesthetic for the preventive of PP three to six months after cancer surgery, suggesting that intravenous infusion of local anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP. We did not synthesize evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. We conclude that there is moderate-quality evidence that regional anaisation may reduce PPP in women after thoraco- thoracoscopically-related thoracostomy and three to one year after caedare
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that second-generation (current up to July 2013) antipsychotics, mood stabilisers, and dietary supplementation (omega-3 fatty acids) may be helpful for BPD. However, these results are based on single studies and need to be replicated. There was no evidence that antidepressants are helpful for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. The available evidence indicates some beneficial effects with second- generation antipsychotic, mood-stabilising drugs, and omega-3 fat acids. However these results were based on only single studies. The long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed. The review found that antidepressants were not widely supported for B PD treatment, but may be useful in the presence of other conditions. No evidence was available for the effects of antidepressants on BPD severity.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom had completed their studies. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised trials (RCT). Of these, two trials were added for this update (one trial with 40 people, one cross- over RCT with 67 people). The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain if washout (either saline or acidic) compared to no washout has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. Four trials compared different types of washout solution; saline versus acidic solutions (2 trials); saline versus acid solution (1 trial); saline vs antibiotic solution (one study); and saline versus antimicrobial solution (2 studies). We are also uncertain if type of wash out solution has an effect on length of stay in the catheter because the data were imprecisively limited. One trial compared different compositions of acidic solution (stronger versus weaker solution). We were uncertain if different compositions (strong or weak) of acidic solutions has an impact on the number of people who developed urinary tract infections or length time each was in the car. Four studies reported on possible harmful effects of washouts, such as blood in the washout solutions, changes in blood pressure and bladder spasms. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included studies were generally of poor methodological quality or were poorly reported. The results of the trials were impracticable. The trials did not address important outcomes such as: number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Trials assessed only three of the eight intervention comparisons identified. Only one trial was free of significant
We included 30 studies (18 studies with 18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies to the secondary outcomes. We found substantial differences between studies in the cancer type, the age, the type of cancer, the cancer treatment, the way in which the cancer was treated, and the way that the studies were carried- out. We could not combine the results of the studies, so we present them descriptively. We were able to combine the data from 18 of the 30 studies, but we could not draw any overall conclusions. We are not sure how many childhood cancer patients suffer from severe fatigue. We also found that the risk of severe fatigue in children and adults with brain and bone cancer was higher than in people with blood cancer. We did not find that age at cancer treatment or the age at the time of cancer treatment was a cause for tiredness. We cannot be sure how much of a risk of tiredness children and young people are at risk of after treatment for childhood cancer. The studies were not of high quality, and we were not sure if the results were influenced by the risk and risk factors that we were looking for. We do not know how much tired people are left with after-cancer symptoms. We need more research to find out if there is a role for tired people in the long-term.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. The trials were of variable quality. The evidence is current to September 2013. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs and total mortality in the treated group. In the trials comparing topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic versus the systemic alone) there was also a significant reduced in RTIs but not in total mortality. In studies comparing topical and systemic antibiotics, the combination of antibiotics reduced RTIs in the control groups. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
This review identified five studies that examined the effects of education programmes aimed at nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of PR. Four of them examined nursing home staff and one study residents in group dwelling units. Three of them included only one or two nursing home patients. The studies were of low quality. The results of the five studies were not consistent. One of the three studies in the group home found that nursing staff were more likely to use PR than the staff in the control group. The other three found that nurses were less likely to be using PR than those in the other groups. The single small study in the single group home in the nursing home found no change in PR use in the intervention group. There is not enough evidence to support the use or lack of use of a PR restraint in nursing home or group home patients for the prevention of PR in geriatric long- term.
We searched for evidence on 15 May 2016 and found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) during IVF/ICSI cycles (up to the day of oocyte retrieval) in 416 women. The evidence is current to May 2016. The trials compared gluc glucococortics with placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310 women). For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. One of the two studies gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. The studies were small and had few events, so we were unable to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. There was also insufficient evidence to determine if there was a difference between groups in clinical pregnancy rate. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorts in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF and ICSI cycles until the day after oocyte extraction is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There is insufficient evidence from randomised trials to determine the effect of glucocolorticoids on live birth. The results of this review suggest that if the chance of live births with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rates. There were no adverse effects of gluccorticolic administration. The review also suggests that if there is a chance of clinical pregnancy with placebo, the chance after treatment with glucoctocicoid supplements would be 23% to 47%. There
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in the review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/weekly) to no treatment, and one three-arm trial (63 people) looked at three doses: 0.5 mg/ kg/week, 0.7 mg/g/week and 0.8 mg/kg/wk. The trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels. The evidence was of low to very low quality. The studies showed that rh GH therapy may improve the height, weight and lean body mass of people with CF, but there were no differences between the different doses. There was some evidence that there was a change in blood glucose levels with rhGH therapy, but this did not lead to diabetes. The significant change in the blood glucose level, although not causing diabetes, highlights the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to diabetes due to CF-related diabetes. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in this review due to the small number of participants. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality-of-life. There is limited evidence from three trials in improvements in exercise capacity. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. When compared with no treatment rhGH is effective in improving the intermediate outcomes in height, body mass and lean muscle mass. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. No major side-effect was observed. The quality of the evidence was very low to low. The included trials were small and the number of people included in the trials was small. Long-term, well-designed randomised controlled trials of
We included 26 studies with 1.6 million people in the review. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to the agent, reducing exposure, or reducing exposure. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that reducing exposure may improve symptoms and lung function compared to continued exposure. It also found that reduction of exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared to continuing exposure. However, reducing the exposure may also increase the risk of unemployment. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of people in each study. We recommend that future studies should be larger and of high quality.
This review included six trials with a total of 1758 participants. The participants were adults with nonerosive reflux disease or milder forms (e.g. reflux and esophagitis) of the stomach. Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt stopping. The average age of the people in the trials was 48 to 57 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting. The evidence is current to January 2014. There was low quality evidence that on- demand use of PPI may increase the risk of symptom control compared with continuous PPI use. There is also low quality information that on demand PPI treatment may be associated with reduced participant satisfaction compared with continued PPI. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of PPA discontinuation, although two trials (one on-Demand trial and one abrupt discontinuation trial) reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects. In people with mild GERD, on-patient deprescription may lead to an increase in GI symptoms (e-g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and probably a reduction in pill burden. There may be a decline in participant satisfaction, although heterogeneity was high.
We included 13 randomised trials with a total of 995 participants. These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care. People’s mental state results were better in the group receiving social skills. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills (1 trial). Quality of life was also improved in the social Skills programme compared to the standard care group. However, when social skills was compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills were compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills can improve social functioning of people in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We found one study that compared the effects of pegloticase to placebo (a fake drug) in 225 people (145 with tophospholipids) with topispirin-like symptoms. The study was of good quality, but the results were not conclusive. The results of the study showed peglopicases given biweekly or monthly topens in the subset of people with tophi, but increased withdrawals due to adverse events in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more withdrawals due due to side effects than placebo. Pegleoticase given monthly resulted in fewer withdrawals due in part to side effect reactions than placebo, but more withdrawals were due to infusion reactions. The number of participants with toppens resolved in the biweekly group was 21% and in the monthly group 2%. Eleven of 52 participants with monthly peglotics had complete resolution of one or more tophi compared with 2/27 participants with placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitation of the one included study was that the number of people in the study was small and the results of this study were not consistent. The included study did not report pain relief of 30% or greater, function, quality of life, serum urate normalisation, serum urine normalisation or serum urates. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the treatment of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria. The review found that oral immunosuppressants (IgG or IgG/Ig) given to newborns did not reduce the risk of NEC, but did not prevent NEC. There were no trials of IgG and IgG alone.
This review of five randomised trials found that postoperative platinum-based combination therapy may be an effective treatment for women with early-stage breast cancer. It is an effective therapy in terms of survival, reduces the risk of progression- free and overall survival, and may be a safe and effective treatment option when used with radiotherapies.
We included 35 studies, from different countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high- and high-cost countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had already been through the programmes, while some were more abstract, asking what people felt they would like. The studies covered a range, for example, reminders for appointments, reminders to take care, support for smoking quit, or general health advice. Our findings show that clients' views of these types of programs were mixed. Some felt that these types programs gave them a sense of support, as they felt that they were being helped, and that they felt someone was taking the time to send them a text or email. They also shared the text or e mail with their friends and family. Some clients felt that the messages were helpful, and some felt that it was helpful to be able to share them. Some people had poor or no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not use air time, or had had a change in their phone number. Some, especially young people, had their phone access to phones that were not under their own control. The cost of the text and e mail could be a problem, and clients' language and skills could be an issue. Some users of the mobile phone had poor access, and many had poor skills. Clients with health problems, such as HIV, were also worried that their messages might be seen by others. Cl clients with stigmatised or other health problems such as family or sexual health problems were also often worried that they might be exposed. Clans wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them. They had preferences for different delivery channels (e.g. short message service (SMS) or interactive voice response) and they also had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues. Clanners' views about who sent the digital
This review of trials found that methadone is as effective as other medications for the treatment of heroin use, but that it is not as good as other drugs. The review found no clinical difference in the number of people who were able to complete the program, the degree of withdrawal, the number who were abstentent, or the number that were abstinent. The results were also similar for the other drugs that we compared: methadon with adrenerg agonists (11 studies), other opioid drugs (8), anxiolysic (2), paiduyangsheng(1), paidu-diprofloxacin (1) (one), and other drugs (2) (2). The review of the trials found no difference in withdrawal symptoms and side-effects, but more people in the metha-dopre-dopa group dropped out of the studies.
This review of trials found that the effects of heavy sedation are no more or less severe than those of light sedation, but that the risk of side-effects is higher. The high cost of this form, both in money terms, and the use of scarce intensive-care time, suggests that this form of treatment should be rejected.
This review included fourteen studies. The studies lasted from 10 days to three months. The review found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, there was no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between the two groups. However, there is some evidence that the effects of this drug may be more pronounced in the short term. The drug may cause movement disorders, but it does cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. The treatments can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent (hydroquinone), a cream (hydrocobalamin), a triple cream (triple cream, t retinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone), and a cream with two other treatments (hydroxyquinone cream, glycolic acid peels), as well as less common treatments (rucinol, vitamin C, and Thiospot) and skin-lusting complex (gigawhite, ThiSpot). The studies were of poor quality. The most common side-effects were mild, such as skin irritants (e.g., skin bleeds), skin reactions (elevations in red blood cells), and stings.
This review of trials found that 5-FU injections can reduce the risk of surgical failure and eye pressure in people having trabecuectomies. However, the small but significant reduction in the risk is not a major concern, as it is based on a small number of studies. The risk of eye problems is higher in the high- and combined-risk groups. The quality of the trials was not high, and the number of patients in the trials varied. The trials were too small to be sure that 5FU injections are safe. The evidence for the use of 5-FU postoperatively for the prevention of surgical complications was of very low quality. This means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review of trials found that inhaled steroids may reduce the rate of flare-ups and the rate that people need to be treated for COPD. However, the use of inhaling corticostimulants may also have side-effects. There was an increase in the risk of pneumonia, which was more common in the ICS group. There were no major side-side-effects of inhaluation.
We included 80 randomised controlled studies (5820 women) comparing NSAIDs (NSAIDs) with each of 20 other NSAIDs. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies compared NSAIDs with placebo (a pretend treatment), paracetamol (a hot drink), other NSAID drugs, or each other. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries. The review found that NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo, but NSAIDs also caused more side effects (overall side effects, gastrointestinal side effects and neurological side effects). The evidence suggests that if 10% of women taking placebo experience side effects they will take NSAIDs, and if 11% of them take NSAID they will do so. NSAIDs appeared to be more effective than paracetamicol (an alcoholic drink), but there was no evidence of a difference in side effects. The quality of the evidence was low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%), a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmenorrhoea.
We included seven studies that compared the effects of high versus low blood flow rates (PEEP) in 2565 adult patients. The studies were of variable quality. We found that high versus lower levels of PEEP did not reduce the risk of death or the risk for a head fracture. Oxygenation was better in the high-PEEP group, but the number of ventilator-free days did not show a difference. We did not find any difference in the risk that the high levels of blood flow had on the risk to the brain. We were able to combine the data from three of the seven studies, but we could not combine the results of the other two. We also found that the risk was not reduced by the high or low levels. We could not draw any conclusions on the effects on the length of stay in the ICU, but it must be noted that in two of the three studies, the authors of the high PEEP group had a protective ventilation approach using a low tidal volume (low blood flow) and high blood flow (pneuma). We found no evidence that high or high-flow PEEP was better than low-flow levels for the risk or the rate of a head injury. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for the main outcome, but there were some issues with the way the studies were conducted.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original 2010 review (2010) and 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from the initial review (nine were withdrawn from the review due to concerns about the quality of the data and six were missing data). The review found that HES products increase the risk of AKI and RRT (rehabilitative radiologic treatment), and that HET products increase risk of kidney failure. The risk of meeting urine output and creatinine based risk-assessments for AKI was in contrast in favour of HES therapies. However, when RIFLE-R urine output based outcomes were excluded as per study protocol, the risk again favoured the other fluid type, with a non-significant risk of acute kidney failure in HES treated patients. The evidence suggests that all HES solutions increase the risks of AKIs and RCTs in all patient populations and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of HET. Overall, methodological quality of studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled a total of 682 participants. Seven studies compared the use of Rheum officinale with no treatment, and two made a comparison with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor. Rheamolac officinare had a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD. However, no significant difference was demonstrated in relation to BUN, CrCl, or patients' capacity to undertake work. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rheaum officinune. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The review authors conclude that Rheomolac Officinale does not appear to be associated with serious adverse events among patients with chronic kidney disease.
We searched for studies that compared IQCODE with other tests of memory and thinking, or with a specialist memory test. We found 13 papers, representing a total of 2745 people, with a mean age of 65 years. We included studies that assessed the accuracy of IQCode in people with dementia. We also included studies which assessed the language of administration of the test. The IQCDE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. The language of the questionnaire did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool. The quality of the included studies was not high, and the results of the studies were not consistent. There was significant heterogeneity in the included papers, including a highly varied prevalence of dementia (10.5% to 87.4%). Across the included trials, there was substantial potential for bias, particularly around the way in which participants were selected, and selection criteria, which may limit generalisability. There is also evidence of suboptimal reporting, particularly in terms of disease severity and how the studies dealt with indeterminate results, which are important if considering use in clinical practice.
We included three studies in this review, involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient treatment for spasticity in people with stroke. Rehabilitations were assessed in adults with chronic stroke. The studies investigated different types of rehabilitation programmes, including modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT), task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting, and dynamic elbow splint. There was no evidence that any of the interventions improved spasticities in people after stroke. There was also no evidence to suggest that any particular type of therapy was better than another. No studies examined the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) and intensity of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in people and children with spasticia following stroke, in the short and longer term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. This means that the true effect of the treatment may be substantially different from what is currently reported.
This review identified four randomised trials, recruiting 136 patients, that compared the long term treatment of patients with HBV after liver transplants with either lamvudine or HBIG or HBDG. Two of the four trials (136 patients) were randomised to lamvUD and HBDg, and the third and fourth were randomized to HBDIG, HBD and lamivudine. The trials were of poor quality and were not adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised clinical trials for the treatment of chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large randomised trial trials comparing long-term combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone, including the newer antiviral drugs, are needed.
This review of trials found that sulphonylurea (a drug) with insulin did not lead to better control of blood glucose levels than oral therapy. In fact, sulphurine (a sugar pill) caused earlier insulin dependence. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. In a five year follow-up of GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide), improvements in fasting and stimulated C-peptide levels were maintained after five years. However, there is no significant evidence for or against other lines of treatment of LADA, and no information on health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and adverse events.
We included 70 studies (44.958 participants) in the review. We included 63 studies (42,784 participants) that compared social norms interventions with no social norms intervention for preventing alcohol misuse among college/university students. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms for prevention of alcohol misuse. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence is current to September 2016. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of the same. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) evaluated the provision (with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions to functional activities) of hip protection with or without restrictions to activities of daily living. There was no evidence that hip precautions with or with the addition (or without the use of equipment) of postoperative equipment or restrictions to activity of daily life improved function or health-related quality of life at 12 months follow-up. The quality of evidence was very low. We are uncertain if hip precautions are effective in preventing hip dislocations and improving outcomes after THA, and we are uncertain whether hip precautions without the need for restrictions to daily activities are effective. One small study (146 participants) investigated the provision a postoperative education and rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL versus a conventional rehabilitation intervention in the community. We were uncertain if the provision improved function at six months follow up, when assessed using the Objective and Subjective Functional Capability Index (a tool to measure functional ability) compared to conventional rehabilitation. The trial did not assess pain score or quality of the life of participants. The results of this study were inconclusive. The review found no evidence to support or refute the use or rejection of a postoperatively-based rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and rehabilitation. There is insufficient evidence to recommend the use and implementation of a community rehabilitation programme. Further high-quality trials are warranted to assess the outcomes of different occupational therapy interventions both in the short and longer
This review found three randomised trials that compared LNG-IUD use with expectant treatment. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that LNGs reduce the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. The number of women reporting a change in menstruation was higher in the LNG group but the number of participants not completing the allocated treatment did not differ between groups. The LNG was associated with lower pain scores compared with gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists but this did not reach statistical significance. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative LNG, or LNG/IUD, use reduces the recurrences of painful period in women. Further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about bias. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (in 14/24), with adult study participants (17/24). The majority of studies were conducted with children (14/24); some were with adults (17) and some with children younger (19/24; all were from the USA; 14/18). The studies were mostly of high-income countries, and all were funded by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). All of the studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The studies investigated the effects of changing the number of available food options or changing the positioning of foods. Six studies investigated changes to the number and location of foods, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, we found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s). For consumption outcomes, the evidence was of moderate certainty. For consumption outcome, we were uncertain about the effect of fewer options, but the evidence from two studies (150 participants) found that people who were exposed to fewer foods consumed more of those foods, but with considerable uncertainty. For the other outcomes, only one study (41 participants) compared food placed farther away from the participants, which found that food placed further away resulted in moderate reduction in its consumption. For other outcomes we were less certain of the effect. For example, for consumption outcomes we found evidence of moderate to very low certainty that food that was placed farther from the participant resulted in an increase in its use. For distance of food or drink placement, we could not be sure of the effects. For all outcomes, there was uncertainty. The certainty of the evidence for the effects on consumption and choice of foods was low or very low. The
We searched for studies that compared the effect of PEP with placebo (a pretend drug) or with no treatment on HIV-infected people. We found one study that compared PEP to a placebo (pretend treatment). The study was conducted in the United States, and the number of participants was small. The study showed that PEP was not effective in preventing HIV seroconversion. However, it did not show that it was effective in reducing the risk of HIV infection. The use of Pep is based on limited evidence of effect. However it is highly unlikely that a definitive placebo-controlled trial will ever be conducted, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a single case-control study, a four-week regimen of PEEP should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk for HIV serconversion. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug antiretroviral regimens following occupational exposure to HIV. However due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV- infected individuals, a combination of antirerviral drugs should be used for PEP. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that PEE is not 100% effective in protecting people from HIV infection, and that PPE is not effective at preventing HIV infection in the blood.
This review of trials found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, mood, and catastrophising, but not on pain or mood, when compared with active controls. CBT is also effective in improving mood, but the effects of CBT on pain are weak. CBTs have no effect on mood, although they have a small effect on the condition. CBBT but not behaviour therapy has small effects on disability associated with chronic pain, with some maintenance at six months. CBt is effective in altering mood and catastrophicising outcomes, when comparing with treatment as usual/waiting list, with a small positive effect on disability and catastrocising, and some evidence that this is maintained at six month. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood.
We searched for studies that compared population-level interventions to reduce salt in the diet of people in the general public. We found 15 studies that met our inclusion criteria. Ten of these studies (64,798 people) provided data for us. We included studies that measured salt in people’s diets, and we found that all but one of these had high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong results). We found that the studies were of low quality. We could not tell if the studies had an effect on the main outcome, which was salt intake. We were able to use the results of two of the 10 studies to show that people who received the intervention had less salt in their diet. We did not find that the other two were more effective. We also found that people in some countries had more salt in them, but we could not be sure if this was due to the intervention. We are not sure if the change in salt intake was due only to the government’ policy (e.g., food product reformulation). The studies did not show that the interventions had an impact on the health of people. We do not know if the government policy change was due just to the program or to the way the study was carried out. We cannot be sure that the change was made by the way that the people were selected for the study. We can tell that people taking part were more or less likely to be able to eat salt than people not taking part. We have not found that these changes were due to factors such as age, gender, or the type of the program. We rated the quality of the studies as low, which means we are very unsure of the results. We graded the evidence as low because of the small number of people taking in, the small size and the different ways that the study designs were carried out, and the small numbers of people who were able and were able of taking part, which made
We searched for studies that compared medicines to placebo (a pretend medicine) or to no treatment for sleep-bruxomatosis. We found seven studies, but we could not combine the results of these studies. The studies were small, with a small sample size of seven people. The drugs compared were amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine, clonidine, propranol, bromodopa, levodoprope, levoproipe, tryptophan, and levodopa. We were able to combine the data from three of the studies, and we found that amtriptyne, broncripty, clanid, and bromoprople were no more or no less helpful than a dummy treatment. We could not tell if amtrivole, clenidine, proplanol or levodpe were more or less helpful. We also could not be sure if clonide was more or more helpful. The use of preventive medication did not cause people to have more or worse side-effects. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of amtivole, bramocripty line, clinidine, levadopa or tryptoprophy. We need to find more good-designed, well-conducted, randomised trials to find out if any of the drugs are better or worse than a fake medicine. We recommend that the trials be of high quality. We are uncertain about the effects of ammitriptyine, bruxodopa and clonidine. We do not know if clanide is more or safer than a pretend medicine. The results for most of the other outcomes were impreise. We have not found enough studies to be sure that amitripyne is more helpful than placebo. We think that amitateriptylyne and clanidine are
We searched for studies that compared the effects of immunonutrition with omega 3 or omega 3- fatty acids and/or antioxidants in people with ARDS. We found 10 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included 10 studies with a total of 1015 people. All studies compared an entallet (a type of food or drink formula) or supplements of these fatty acids (e.g., eicosapentaenoics (EPA), docosahexenosine (DHA)), gamma-linoleic acid, and antioxidants). We found no evidence that the use of an enteral formula (or supplements) with immunonutral fatty acids or additional omega 3 fatty acids/antimicrosts (i.e., omega 3 and alpha 3) or antioxidants reduced the risk of death. We are also unsure of the effects on the length of time spent on the ventilator, the time spent in the ICU, or the time that people spent in a coma. We were also unsure if the use or addition of immunonutral fatty foods or supplements increased the risk for adverse events, such as heart, stomach, and bowel problems. We rated the quality (the certainty) of the evidence as low or very low, as we found no studies that were of high quality. We assessed some of these studies as being at high- risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased.
We found 33 studies that compared the methods of eliciting AEs with other methods. The methods used to answer questions were different, with some studies using a more general approach (e.g. open questions) and others using a particular approach (such as a specific question). The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, and the methods varied in terms of the type of AEs, the duration, and how they were assessed. We found that more questions were more likely to be asked, but we could not be sure if the methods were more or less likely to lead to more AEs. We were able, in two of the studies, to show that more specific questions led to more AE cases being detected. We could not tell if the questions were as good as they could be, but it was clear that more people who were asked a question were more than twice as sure that they had at least one AE. We did not find that the methods that we used to ask the questions led more or more AE-positive people. We are not sure if this was due to the way the questions had been asked, or if the way they were written. We do not know if the method of asking the questions was as good or bad as the way it was written. The studies we found did not use the same methods, and we could be less sure that the results were the same. We think that the way that the questions are asked in a trial may have an effect on the AEs that are detected. The quality of the methods was low, and that we were not sure how the methods would be used to better answer the questions. We also thought that the studies were too small to be sure that we would be more certain that we had found the AE. We thought that there was a risk that the AES were not as good and well-reported as we would have liked. We would like to see more research in this field.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of nocturnal supervision with the use of other treatments to prevent SUDE. We found one study that compared nocturnal supervision with nocturary supervision in 154 people with SUDE, and 616 people with no SUDE; the study was of a case-control design. The study found that the presence of noxturary surveillance increased the risk of SUDE in the presence and when a supervising people and the person supervising them slept in the same room, and when special precautions, for example, a sound-seizure device, were used. This effect was found when the supervising person and the control group were the same age, and the supervizing people were in the room at the same time. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of noCTS on the risk for death, anxiety, or depression. We could not find studies that measured the number of people who died or had a hospital stay. We assessed 17 full- text papers as of high quality. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low. We identified 15 studies, but eight of these did not assess the interventions to prevent the onset of SUDEP; five of these studies used a device that could be used to detect GTCS, but did't measure the risk factors for SUDE (elevator, sound, and light); and two of these two studies assessed risk factors to prevent a case of SU DE but not interventions for preventing SUDEP. One study is awaiting classification. We included one study in this review. This study of 154 people found that noctular surveillance increased noctulary supervision for people with epilepsy who had SUDEP in the night. This result was based on a qualitative analysis. We judged the quality to be very low, meaning that further research is very uncertain. We also found no studies that assessed the effects on the number or number of deaths,
The review included seven studies with a total of 208 participants. The studies were of varied length and design and involved a wide range of people with cystitis. Six studies enrolled participants who were stable, whilst one study had a patient who had been in the hospital for an infective flare up. The age of the people in the studies ranged from 7 to 63. The total study time ranged from four days to two-and-a- half to two years. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. All seven studies measured the amount of air that was pumped out of the lungs in one second and measured the effect of the technique on quality of life. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak expiratory flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. Six out of seven studies reported sputum weight. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation levels, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic ventilation was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion. The review concluded that autogenic drain was not found to be superior to any other form of airway clearing technique. Larger studies are required to better evaluate autogenic drains in comparison to other airway cleansing techniques in view of the relatively small number of participants in this review and the complex study designs.
This review found that psychological therapies, based on CBT principles, are more effective than T-TU/WL in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms in the short-term treatment of GAD. However, the body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD, and to inform GAD policy on which psychological therapies are best.
This review of trials found that women who had had three or more consecutive miscarces may be less prone to having a further pregnancy. The evidence is up- to- date as of May 2014. The review included 12 trials with 1,856 women. The trials were conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. The women were followed up for at least six months after the end of treatment. The duration of progestogen treatment varied across the trials. The meta-analysis of all trials suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women given progestogens compared to placebo/controls. There was probably a slight benefit for women receiving progestogenic therapy in the outcome of live birth rate. We are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. No clear differences were seen for women with unexplained recurrent miscarriages. No trials reported on any other secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. There may be little or no difference in the rate for low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to special care units. For women with recurrent miscarces, supplementation with progestogenesis may reduce the rate in subsequent pregnancies. The quality of the evidence was moderate for live birth and very low for preterm births. The overall quality of evidence was very low because of the small number of trials and small sample sizes.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 14 studies with 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) that compared MIB versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. The evidence is current to January 2017. The included studies were of moderate quality. The studies did not often report on outcomes for the mother or her baby. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at delivery, or low birth weight. However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test at the start of treatment) in any psychosolic intervention group compared to control. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psycho-bupropion, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However few studies evaluated outcomes for mothers and their babies, and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect of psychological interventions on these outcomes. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate psychosological modalities of treatment in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial method may be more effective in reducing short- and long-term adverse events (NACE) (4 studies; 4,133 participants), cardiac death (11 studies; 11,170 participants), and myocardial infarction (11 trials; 19,430 participants). However, short-term myocardia infarct was similar between both groups (11 trial; 19:430 participants) and bleeding was similar (20 trials; 23,043 participants). The transradary approach had a lower procedural success rate (28 studies; 25,920 participants), but was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality (10 studies; 18,955 participants), bleeding, and access site complications (24 studies; 16,112 participants). Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short- term NACE, cardiac death, all- cause mortality, bleeding, bleeding and access sites complications. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-lasting clinical outcomes (i.e. beyond 30 days of follow-up).
We searched for studies that compared the effect of palliative care for people with dementia. We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria. One study (99 participants) evaluated the effects of a palliation-based care team in people with an acute illness. The other (256 people) assessed the effect on end-of-life food options for nursing home residents. Both of these studies were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may be biased. We could not combine the results of the two studies due to the different ways in which the studies were carried out. The two studies did, however, show that palliations may be more likely to be implemented in people who are in the acute care setting. The pallance plan was more likely than not, but we found no clear evidence that it had an effect on the risk of dying, the risk that people would for go into the ICU, the need for cardiopulmonary resuscitation or the clinical care that was given. The studies were too small to be sure that pallist care was effective. One of the studies (256 adults) looked at the effect that a pallister (a device that gives a person with dementia the choice of their own care, or a family carer, or both) could have on end end- of-life foods. The study found no evidence that this had an impact. The decision aid (a tool that helps people with advanced disease to make a choice about their own end-time care) was more effective than the clinician (a person who gives them a choice). The study did not report on the number of people who had a conflict of interest, but this was not clear. We are not sure if this was a problem. We were not able, therefore, to draw any firm conclusions from the two small studies. We conclude that we have very little high-level research to guide us in this field. We have six
This review of three well-designed randomised trials found that there were no significant benefits or harms of either the two methods of sequence-decrease-decay (CT) and RT for local recurrences or survival. The data from one small trial (244 women), which was of high quality, showed that RT before CT was linked to an increase in the risk of neutropenis (blood poisoning) but the risk did not differ.
We searched for evidence on 7 February 2016 and found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three RCTS compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance and weight training, and the other RCT was CrP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses of CrPs with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We concluded that there is no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of Crp supplements in overweight or obese adults.
We found eleven studies with a total of 886 participants. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a range (different) surgical wounds healing by second-wound care. The evidence was current to September 2014. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. There were some evidence of some evidence that zinc oxide cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. One of the studies reported that sucralfate cream increased wound healing compared to petrolatum. The study also reported lower wound pain scores in the sucralmate group. There is moderate quality evidence that more open wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed when treated with a honey-soaked gauze compared with a EUSOL-soak gauze over three weeks' follow-up. There may be some evidence to support the use of Dermacym®-treated post-operative foot wounds in people with diabetes healed compared to those treated with iodine. Again, this evidence was from one small study with 40 participants. There are no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small participant numbers and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique changes in the amniotomy and CVS. Three of these were for amnioctesis (three studies), two for CVS (two) - ter butaline to colysis (three) and use of a vacuum aspirate (two). The other three were for ter buttea tocolysis and continuous vacuum aspiration (two studies). The quality of the evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 people) and three were non-RCTs (1181 people) with a mean age of 18 to 65.5 years. The studies were conducted in upper-middle- and low-middle country (China, Mexico, South Africa) and in a high-middle and low middle-middle world (Bangladesh) with an average age of over 40. One non-rCT was from the United States. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that women consuming maize flour fortified with folic acid and other micronutrients were more likely to have higher levels of folic acids and higher levels in their blood compared to women consuming unfortified flour. However, women consuming folicacid-fortified wheat flour bread rolls had higher levels than women consuming plain flour. The quality of the evidence was very low. The certainty of the available evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were not well designed. The included studies were small and had unclear risk of bias. The overall certainty of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the studies included the small numbers of participants, the small sample sizes, and the small study sizes.
We found six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 newborn infants (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The trials were conducted in the USA and Canada. The studies were of variable quality and used different methods to assess lung function. The results of the trials suggest that screening is more effective than traditional diagnosis. Screening provides potential for better lung outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF. Screen screening seems less expensive than traditional screening.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 people with high risk of stroke, with a mean age of 65 years. The trials compared 'lower' versus'standard' blood pressure targets for diastolic blood pressure in people with diabetes. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden and the UK. The average follow-up time of the trials was 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower lower blood pressure target (lower 120 mmHg) versus 'lower 140 mmHG) systolic blood blood pressure (standard) blood pressure. The trial was conducted in 4734 participants. The study was funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and the other trials were funded by pharmaceutical companies. The results of the trial showed that people with higher blood pressure were more likely to have a stroke, heart attack or death. The only significant benefit in the group assigned to 'lower blood pressure was a reduction in the incidence of stroke. The effect of lower blood pressures on mortality was compatible with both a reduction and an increase in risk. The number of participants included in the DBP target analysis was 2580. The total number of deaths was lower in the 'lower DBP' group, mainly due to a trend to lower non-cardiovascular mortality. There was no difference in stroke, myocardial infarction or congestive heart failure. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse events were not reported in any of the studies. The quality of the evidence was low. The included trials were at a high risk for selection bias, which means that the results may not be reliable.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in the treatment of plantar foot ulcers in people with type 2 diabetes. The review found evidence that non non-reactive casts, when used with a tendon lengthening device, are more likely to be successful than non-resistance casts, or dressings.
We searched for studies that compared cognitive training with no intervention, cognitive therapy, or other treatments for cognitive function in people with cancer. We found five studies, which included 235 people. We included five studies in the review. Two studies compared computer-based cognitive training to no treatment, one study tested a form of cognitive training that uses a special program to train the brain's memory, and one study compared a form that uses physical activity with no treatment. The studies were of low- to very- low- quality. We were able to combine the results of two of the five studies (95 people), which did not show a benefit from cognitive training. Two of the studies (19 people), comparing a form or form of compensator training to a wait-list group, did not find a benefit. One of the two studies (47 people), testing a form which uses a computer-assisted cognitive training program, found a benefit in terms of cognitive function. The other, which tested the effect of a form (compensator) of a cognitive training programme, showed a benefit on mental well-being. We did not have enough data to be sure that the effects of these types and other types of cognitive therapies are similar. We rated the quality of the evidence as low. We need more research to be able to make firm conclusions on the effects and safety of these treatments.
We found six trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The trials were of poor quality and only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear clear difference in global state between piperacetazine (chlor promethazole) and piedacetazine. One of the trials reported change in the mental state scale, Brief Mental State Rating Scale (BPR). No clear difference was seen. Ch chlor promethasone appears no worse or better than piper acetazine regarding adverse effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear differences were observed in the numbers of participants leaving the study early for any reason. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperapeazole may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on very small numbers of people and the evidence is very low quality. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Currently, should clinicians and people with schizophrenia need to choose between chlorpromamide and p Piperacetazine they should be aware there is no good quality evidence to base decisions. More high quality research is needed.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. The studies compared the use of stents with emergency surgery for the treatment of colorectal obstruction. The use of colorocorosis in malignant colorestal obstruction seems to be as safe as emergency surgery. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of the attempted stent placements. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. There were no significant differences in the complication rate between the two groups, but the clinical success rate was higher in the emergency surgery group. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the medical emergency surgery groups. This review found that the stent placement was successful for 86.2% of attempted stents. The complication rate was 39.22% in the colic stents group and 45.71% in emergency surgery participants. There is no difference in complication rate in both the groups. However, the use coloreCTal stents seems to have no advantage over emergency surgery in terms of the use time, procedure and blood loss. The advantages of colortal stent includes shorter hospital stay and procedure time and less blood loss compared to emergency surgery, however, the trials were of variable design and the number of participants was small. Further randomised studies with bigger sample size and well defined trial design are needed to achieve the robust evidence.
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 1867 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies compared three different plasma expanders (human albumin, human heparin and mannitol) with placebo or no treatment. The review found that human albumin reduced OHSS rates, but the evidence was of very low to moderate quality. There was no evidence that human heperin or mannitor had any influence on pregnancy rates. There were no data on live birth rates. The results of the review suggest that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to 12%) with the use of intravenous albumin. However, there was evidence of a detrimental effect on pregnancy rate (7 studies 1069 high risk women). This suggests that if pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it will probably be about 32% (27% to 38%) with albumin (7 trials, 1452 high risk). There was evidence that if moderate or severely OHSS is 16%, it would be about 5% (2% to 10%) with HES (2 trials, 16 women). There is no evidence of an effect on OHSS (2 studies, 272 women). The evidence suggests that there is no effect on the risk of pregnancy (1 trial, 226 women). If the risk is 52%, it might be about 29% (19% to 41%) with manneton (1 study, 226 low risk women) (1 large study, low quality evidence). There were few adverse events (adverse events) and these were not well reported. The quality of the evidence for all comparisons was very low. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment.
This review of 10 studies involving a total of 484 patients found no evidence that one sclerosant was better than any other. There was some evidence that polidocanol was more likely to be more painful than a lower saline solution, and that a higher saline solution (supremely hot) was more painful. There were no data on the effect of sclerosing agents on patient or healthcare system quality. There is some evidence from one small study that suggests that hyper-tonic (high) saline (HS), a drug that dissolves the blood clots, is more painful and more likely than a normal (low) salt water (hypoxa) saline. There are no data to suggest that one agent is better than the other. The quality of the studies was poor, and the results were not suitable to be used in a meta-analyses.
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were of variable quality. The main outcomes were death, heart attacks and cardiac arrhythmias. The drugs studied were salbutamol, insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline. Salbutamole administered via either a nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. The peak effect of 10 mg nebulised salbutamic acid was seen at 120 minutes and at 90 minutes for 20 mg nebulaised sal butamol. One study reported 1.2 mg salbutamyol via MDI 1.5 mg produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes. Intravenous (IV) and nebulized salbutamate produced comparable effects. Insulin-dexrose was more effective than bicarbate and was more than bicaarbonate at 60 and 90 minutes. Insulins (bicarbonates) and aminsophyllines (resins) were not studied in any placebo-controlled studies. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. The effectiveness of potassium binding resin and IV calcium salts has not been tested in randomised controlled trials. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of hyperKalaemia is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes. Of the studied agents, salbut amol via any route and IV insulin-decrease appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as IV sodium biccarbonate or aminopylline, and further study is needed before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We searched for studies that compared the use of antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotics or non-antibiotic), or both, to the use (usual) sealing solutions (heparin, heparin-like drug) of CVCs. We found 39 studies, enrolling 4216 patients. The studies were of low or unclear risk of bias. Antimicrobiotics (antifungal, hepatic acid, or hepetic acid) and non-steroid lock solutions were found to be more likely to reduce CRI per 1000 CVC-days compared to standard sealing solutions. Antibiotic lock solutions probably reduce the risk of CRI, but the effect on the risk for thrombosis per 1000 catheter-days is uncertain. The combination of both the antibiotic and the non-protective lock solution probably reduced the risk and the risk to thromboembosis per 100 catheter days compared to the control. The effect on thrombinosis per year is uncertain for all antimicrobial and nonprotective locking solutions. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low. We recommend that further research is conducted to confirm the effectiveness and safety of antimiotic and nonpatient-resistant lock solutions.
We identified 15 studies (1098 participants) that compared pre-emptive therapy with no pre-pre-preventive treatment (placebo) or with antivirals (drugs) to treat CMV-infected patients. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to August 2015. Pre-emptives compared with placebo or standard care (standard care) reduced the risk of CMV disease but not acute rejection or death from any cause. Preemptive treatment did not reduce the risk for CMV graft loss or the risk from any causes. The risk of developing leucopenia (inflammation of the mucosa) was significantly less common with pre-pretend therapy compared with prophylaxis. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabetes. These trials involved 140 people. The trials lasted from six weeks to five months. All three studies were performed by the same study-maker. The studies were conducted in the same country and all were funded by the company that makes the sweet potato. The results of the trials were not consistent. The main results of these trials were that the glycosylated HbA1c (Hb-A) (HBA) was lower in people who had 4 g/d of 4-6-month sweet potato preparation compared to people who received a placebo (a pretend treatment). The studies did not report any serious side effects. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is insufficient evidence about the use of sweet potatoes for type 2 diabetic mellitus. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations - including other varieties of sweet Potato - need to be addressed. Further observational trials and RCTs evaluating the effects on glycogenicity are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice.
We searched for studies that compared the active cycle of breathing technique with other treatments, such as autogenetics (where air is pumped out of the lungs through a balloon), airway swaddling, high-speed chest compressors, or positive expiratory pressure (where the airway pressure is increased by applying pressure to the chest). We found 19 studies, with 439 participants, that compared active cycle breathing technique to other treatments. Five studies compared the breathing technique against autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiral pressure. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the included studies blinded participants or the personnel applying the treatments. However most of the trials reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. Five of the 19 studies were of cross-over design, which means that participants and the people assessing the outcomes were aware of which treatment they were receiving. The 14 remaining studies were cross-overs, which meant that participants knew which treatment group they were in. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The average age of participants ranged between six and 63 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The results of the review showed that the active cycles of breathing techniques were comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of
The review of trials found that the use of brief co-incubation of sperm and oocyte in IVF cycles may increase the ongoing and clinical pregnancy rate. The review found that brief co co-injection of sperm may also increase the number of ongoing pregnancies. The evidence was of low to very low quality. The main limitation of the review was that the number and quality were not high.
This review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, found that infants born with poor lung function and who were ventilated with a long (long) IT had a higher risk of air leaks (upwards of 1.5 times more than infants born on a short IT). Longer (long-term) ITs were also more prone to death. Long-term ITs did, however, reduce the risk of BPD.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The studies were of low methodological quality. There is a large variety in the ways the intervention is performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFU), the TFUs themselves, the way the TFUS was performed, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Of the eight meta-analyses in this review, five showed considerable statistical heterogeneity. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. The low methodological and patient-centred nature of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We identified 38 relevant trials. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries, in a range of disease areas, in different healthcare settings, and in different community and research settings. The evidence is up- to- date as of May 2014. The review found that incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions, and monetary incentives increased the number of participants returning to trial sites for trial follow-up. There was no evidence that the addition of a non-monetary incentive, an offer of a 'enhanced' incentive, letters, letters delivered by priority post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order either increased or decreased trial questionnaire response/retention. There were few evaluations of ways to improve participants returning for trial-related questionnaires. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated questionnaire response. There is some evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires and that the effect on the disease/condition relevant to the disease was unclear. There are few evaluations evaluating other strategies to improve the number and response of participants to questionnaire response and some other strategies evaluated in single trials looked promising but need further evaluation.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants. We found no differences between the devices in terms of failure to breathe, use of an alternate airway, use an additional airway or the need for mechanical support, or other adverse events. We are not sure whether the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway is more effective than the Classic larynx mask airweeks, but this is not clear. We were unable, however, to assess the effects of the device on the risk of death. We did find that the ProLaryngean mask airways may be quicker to insert, but we are uncertain about the effects on the number of events that occur when the device is used. We also found that the proLarynx airway may be more effective in terms to seal the laryngus, but the quality of evidence for this outcome is low. We could not determine whether the proSeal device is more convenient than the classic larynkal mask device for the treatment of patients with positive pressure ventilation. We cannot be certain about the effect of either device on other adverse effects, such as use of another device, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. We rated the quality as low for all outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about these results.
We included 19 randomised controlled studies (studies in which people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) with 1453 children. The studies were conducted in eight countries, with a mean age of 6.3 years. The children were recruited from gastroenterology clinics. Fourteen studies recruited children with a range of symptoms, but five studies only recruited children who had symptoms of irritable gut syndrome. The average age at the start (in most studies), from 6.5 years to 13.1 years, was between four and 18 years. Most studies were funded by the manufacturer of the probiotics. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience a reduction in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the probiotic group at the same time point. However, we found that there was no reduction in the pain intensity of children treated by probiotics compared to those given a placebo. We also found that probiotics given to children with irritable bowel syndrome were more effective in reducing pain at three to six months post intervention than those receiving placebo. The estimated number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive probiotics for one to experience improvement in pain in this timescale. We judged the evidence for these two outcomes to be of moderate quality due to small numbers of participants included in the studies. We were unable to perform any meta-analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these outcomes or used comparable measures to assess them. With the exception of one study, all studies reported monitoring children for adverse events; no major adverse events were reported. Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate- to low-quality due to differences in the design of the studies
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of these studies had data that could be analysed. The studies were very different in their populations, media types, and ways of making the interventions. Most of them had a small to medium-size effect in reducing the level of bias. We found that mass media programmes may have a small but medium-to-small effect in the reduction of bias, and that they may be equivalent to the level that is commonly seen in people with mental health problems. We could not find any studies that looked at the effects of mass media on the cost-effectiveness of the programmes. We did not find studies that examined the cost of the mass media programs. We are not sure if mass media campaigns are cost-free. We do not know if they are harmful. We need more research to find out if mass Media programs are harmful, and to find the best way to make them work.
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored their views, 17 of these studies explored that of health care providers, 22 of these included both the views, and 22 studies included the views of both the women, and the views (and concerns) of both women, health care staff, and their patients. The studies took place in 41 countries, in eight high- and 18 middle-income (where the women live) and 15 low-cost (where they work) countries. We found 52 studies that explored the three thematic domains of the three review domains: the social and cultural context (11 findings, five of five high- or high-confidence), the service design (24 of 24 findings, 15 of 15 high- confidence) and what it means to the women (17 of 17 high-or-low-confidence). We also looked at the three domains of what the women and staff think is the most important part of the care they receive (17 high-to-high-confidence findings, 11 of 17 findings, and 17 of 17 low- or very low-confidence results, and we divided them by two domains: 'what it means' (17 findings, high- to very high-certainty) and, 'what matters to the woman (17 results, high confidence). We also divided the three areas of 'what the staff think' (two high-/low-certainties) and 'how the care should be provided (17 studies, high/low confidence) by the women. We also split the three 'what' domains (three high-and-low results) by two conceptual domains (two low- and high-confidence results, using high-evidence-based findings, using different levels of confidence) into three thematics. We identified three key barriers and barriers to the use (or not) of ANC by pregnant and
This review of trials found that calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome, and the risk for secondary ischia, in people with SAH. Calcium antagonists also reduce the number of people who die. The results for 'poor outcome', which is a measure of the risk, are not beyond all doubt. The review found no clear evidence that intravenous calcium antagonists are better than oral nimodipine. Magnesium sulphate, a drug that is used to treat aneurysm rupture, is a promising agent, but more studies are needed.
We searched for studies that compared the effect of myeloablative therapy with no treatment or with conventional treatment for high-risk neuroblastoma. We found three studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The age of the children ranged from one year to 18 months. The evidence is current to January 2014. The three studies included 739 children. The results of the studies showed that myeloablation therapy seems to be effective in terms of event-free survival. However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses, the difference in event- free survival was no longer statistically significant. The overall survival of children with high- risk neuroblastomies was not significantly different between the treatment groups. The risk of side effects was higher in the myeloabilative group. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease in the treatment group compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference between the two treatment groups was identified. No information on quality of life was reported. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups, but the results were not univocal in all studies. All studies had some methodological limitations. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The main limitation of the review was that the studies were small and had a short follow- up period. Therefore, the results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and identified eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration of the trials was 12 months. The evidence is current to February 2017. We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause, and the risk for tumour response (complete response plus partial response) from 8 trials. TACE may have increased the risk that tumour cells were grown back, but the evidence was of low to very low certainty. We are uncertain about the effect of TACE on health-related quality of life. None of the included trials reported serious adverse events. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE compared with 3-dCRT did not reduce the risk in the proportion that had leukopenia (low-certainty evidence), serum transaminases (a marker of tumour growth) elevation (very low-certainies), and serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) without decline or normalisation (very-low-quality evidence). The rate of participants with serum alphafetop protein (AFP), a marker of liver function, without decline (normalisation) was lower in the TACE group than in the 3- DCRT group, but these data were from one trial only. The risk of adverse events was higher in the group that received TACE, but we are uncertain of the effect on the other outcomes. The quality of the evidence for the outcomes of all-cause mortality and tumour responses was low to moderate. The certainty of the available evidence was very low because of the methodological weaknesses in the included studies.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein (with protein, minerals, and minerals) had better growth and growth outcomes up to three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. To date, no randomised trials are available that examine the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD. Research should be directed at evaluating the effects on this group of infants on clinically important outcomes like mortality, respiratory status, growth and development. The benefits and harms of various ways of increasing energy intake, including higher energy density (higher energy density formula) and/or increased fluid volume (clinically realistic target volume should be set), parenteral nutrition, and the use of various constituents of energy like carbohydrate, protein and fat for this purpose also need to be assessed.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavan vein N = 3) or low (femoral vein N > 1) for most of the studies, and high (fenestration N = 1) at best (fearfulness N = 2) for two studies. Most of the trials had some risk of bias. The results of the review suggest that, for the subclavus, ultrasound is more likely to be successful than an ultrasound-based approach (three trials, 498 patients) for catheters placed in the sublavus (three studies, 496 patients) and for catheter placement in the femoral vein (four studies, 311 patients). No evidence was found of a difference in accidental puncture or other complications. For the femural vein, there was no evidence of a significant difference in the risk of accidental punctures (three small studies, 224 patients) or in the number of attempts until success (three large studies, 256 patients) between the two approaches. However, success on the first attempt was more likely with ultrasound (three larger studies, 225 patients) than with an anatomical landmark technique (three smaller studies, 211 patients). The results for cathaling the sub and femoral veins are uncertain. The evidence for catheture placement in patients with a subclvian vein is uncertain. Data on catheterization in the thigh vein is also uncertain.
This review of 15 studies found that there were no usable results from the studies of the intravenous form. The best dose of physstagmine was effective in improving the ADS test score, but the results of the control-stage trials were not usable. The control-phase trial of the controlled-stage trial of a higher dose (33 mg/d) was not able or unlikely to show any benefit. The fixed-dosing trials of the lower-dissolving form (5.7mg/d), which was not effective in any of the studies, were not able to show a benefit. There were more people who withdrew from the trials due to side-effects (nausea, diarrhoea, anorexis, dizzy spells, flatulence, vomiting, stomach pain, tremmor, astheia, or sweats). The fixed, fixed-dose trial (33.5 mg/day) was associated with a higher number of people withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events (noea, vomiting and diarrhoeas) and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting or diarrhoeaea, dizziness, stomach pains, tremor, or sweating compared with placebo at 12 weeks. The lower dose (5 mg per day) was also associated with more people withdrawing due to gastrointestinal complaints. The evidence of effectiveness of physostigmine for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's disease is limited. Even in a controlled release formulation designed to overcome the short half-life, physostagmine showed no convincing benefit and side-effect profiles remained common leading to a high rate of withdrawal.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of heart disease, two trials recruited people with a recent stroke, and one trial included people with both heart and stroke. We found that fibrate drugs can prevent stroke, heart attacks, and death. The effect of fibrates on the primary outcome of non-fate stroke, non-mysterectomies (heart attacks and deaths from vascular causes), and vascular death was consistent irrespective of age, gender, and diabetes mellitus. The evidence for the effect of the fibratid class on the main outcome of myocardial infarction was not consistent. The fibratin class was not effective in preventing death from any cause, death from vascular cause, or stroke. The risk of adverse events was similar with fibrinoids and placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitation of the review was that the number of trials was small and the number and type of participants varied between trials. The review authors recommend that further trials of the use of fibrotide drugs in populations with previous stroke and also against a background treatment with statins (standard of care) are required.
This review of trials found that giving TA to women at low risk of bleeding (3285 women) after CS (9 trials, 2453 women) or after vaginal birth (three trials, 832 women) decreases blood loss and prevents PPH. The risk of PPH was lower in the group of women who had CS. The effect of TA on blood loss was more pronounced in the women who were having a vaginal birth. The number of blood transfusions and other medical treatments were less in the TA group. Mild side-effects such as mild dizzy spells, dizzyness, and dizzy stools were more common in the groups of TA women. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2015. The quality of the evidence was moderate for blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL in women who received TA versus placebo or no intervention. The results of the review are based on mixed quality evidence. The review found that TA (in addition to uterotonic medications) decreases postpartum blood loss (postpartum PPH) and prevents blood transfusion and other interventions following vaginal birth and CS in women at high risk of blood loss. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the use of TA. The effects of TA for the prevention of thromboembolic events and mortality are uncertain. The use of this drug in high-risk women should be investigated further.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly). The studies compared amantadine and rimamantine with placebo (a pretend drug) or paracetamol (a fake medicine), zan amiviral (an antivirals) or zanamivir (an antiepileptic) to treat flu. We found no studies assessing amantadenine in the elderly. We did not find any studies that compared amanadine with zanomivir or zanzomiviral. The studies were of low quality and the safety of the drugs was not well established. The results of the studies do not indicate that amantenadine or rimantadines can prevent, treat and shorten the duration of flu A in children and the elderly, and no studies have been done on amantanadines in the older population. The quality of the evidence was low and the results of these studies were imprecise.
We searched for evidence on 15 May 2017 and found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared endometrial injury with no intervention or a placebo procedure. These trials included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies the were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared endometric intervention with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared endometryrial injury in the cycle prior to IUI with endometrium injury in another cycle of IUI. One trial compared higher degree of endometric injury with lower degree of intentional endometria injury. We are uncertain whether endometriosis improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. The evidence is up to date to May 2017. We found that endometries performed in the period prior to the IUI did not improve the chances of live birth or clinical pregnancy. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometry was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS) and only one study reported this outcome. However, only one of the studies reported this. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution as we graded the quality as either low or very low as we downgraded the quality because of the risk of bias in the included studies. The main reasons we downgrade the quality were most included studies were at a high risk of systematic error and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four studies (3905 participants) in this review. The studies all compared professional oral care versus usual oral care. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were unable to determine whether professional oral services resulted in a lower incidence of pneumonia in nursing home residents compared with usual oral services over an 18-month period. We also were unable or not to determine if professional oral service resulted in fewer first episodes of pneumonia compared with care given by nurses or dentists. We found low-quality evidence that professional oral treatment may reduce the risk of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with nursing home nursing staff. We could not determine whether or not professional oral therapy resulted in an increase in the number of deaths due to pneumonia. We are uncertain whether or the number or all-cause mortality was reduced when compared to usual care. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care, and we found no high-quality studies that compared professional care versus no oral therapy. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in each study.
This review included five studies with a total of 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budsonide (9 mg/day) versus a dummy drug (fake drug), mesalazine (2.4 g/day or 10 mg/d) plus cholestamine (4 g) versus mesalamide plus chorionic cholsterramine (2 mg/e) and beclometasone (5 mg/a) dipropionate (10 mg/ad) versus beclomezine (10mg/day). The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. The studies compared budesonide versus placebo (fake medicine) and mesalidine versus mesaline (fake medication) and the study which compared beclomiphene dipropate versus mesalezine. The study which assessed mesalane versus mesalanazine plus choline and the beclOMP versus mesalinazine were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding. The other 3 studies were judged at low risk of being at low or very low risk. Budesonide (nine mg/daily for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. Bismuth (9mg/daily) subsalcidylate was not more effective in inducing clinical remission than placebo. There were no differences in clinical or histological responses between patients treated with bismUTH subsalicaide and placebo. Forty-six patients were enrolled in the study studying beclometric dipropine (5mg/d or 10mg/ad). There were not differences in the clinical or clinical response between patients receiving bismuther subsalicityide and those receiving placebo. Side
We included 12 randomised controlled studies in this review. The studies evaluated the effects of self-monitoring of blood glucose in people with type 2 diabetes. The duration of the studies varied from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine studies compared self-management of blood sugar with no self-treatment, one study tested self-medication, one trial tested SMBG with SMUG, one was three arms (three-arm) and one was a three arm (three arms). The studies were of good quality. We found that self-minding by a self-referral device (SMB) can be a safe and effective way to improve blood glucose control in people who are not using standard care. The effect of SMBG on glycassimension (a measure of blood blood glucose) is small up to six months of self self-watch, but the effect of self monitoring by a reflectance meter (a device that reflects blood glucose levels) is not significant. The cost-effect of selfmonitoring is not clear. We did not find any clear evidence that SMBG affects well-being, general well-ness or general health. We conclude that when the duration of treatment is over one year, the effect on glyci is small. The effects of SMB on blood glucose are not clear, but we do not find that self selfmonitorings by a monitor are more cost-effective. We do not know if SMBG has an effect on patient well- being, quality-of- life, health- related well-beyond-the age, or on the number of diabetic problems. We need more research on the effects on diabetes-specific well-health and well-well-being.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychotic treatments for people with AsPD. Eleven studies were included, but only five of these were of high quality. The studies were of poor quality, and the results were not conclusive. The review found that there were no clear benefits of any of the interventions studied. However, three of the studies showed that three interventions (cognition, coping skills, and cognitive behaviour treatment) were more effective than the control group. The results of the review suggest that psychological treatments for As PD may be effective for some people, but not all. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review included 11 studies with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed data on the common cold. Five studies contributed to data on purulent rhinitis. One study reported only data on adverse events. There was no evidence of benefit from the use of antibiotics for the common cough in children or for persistency of the common throat. There is also no clear evidence that the use or lack of use of the antibiotics is beneficial for the acute purulent nose. There were more side-effects in people who took the antibiotics for acute purulent rhinopathy. The review found that there was no clear benefit from antibiotics for persisting the common nose symptoms. There are no studies on the use and use of these drugs for the treatment of the acute throat infection.
We included five trials (162 participants) in this review. Three trials were conducted at a hospital dermatology department. One trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The trials were of very low-quality. The studies were conducted in a hospital and involved 162 adults. The average age was between 12 and 77 years. The participants had mild to severe psoriasis. The duration of treatment ranged from six weeks to 24 months. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found only five trials, which assessed the effects of five comparisons (systemic antibiotic treatment (penicillin, azithromycin, rifampicin, rituximab, and rifamab) and no comparison of other treatments (systemics (systematic antibiotic treatment, rutaben, ractopril, and azithrofen) versus no treatment). The trials did not measure our primary outcome, time to resolution of psorosis, or our secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. None of the trials measured the proportion of participants achieving PASI 75 or PGA 1 to 2. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included trials were at high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and unclear reporting of outcome reporting bias). The quality was very uncertain due to the small number of events and participants, and the small numbers of participants. The results of the review were inconclusive. The review authors did not find any evidence that any of the comparisons were superior to the other comparisons. The overall quality of evidence was low.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and identified 12 studies enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven studies tested vitamin D₃, and one study tested vitamin₂. Vitamin D⁃ had no effect on the risk of relapse, worsening of disability, or MRI lesions. VitaminD�o did not increase the risk for serious side effects. Vitamin A was found to be safe, although available data are limited. Vitamin B may have a positive effect on health-related quality of life, but the evidence is of very low quality. Vitamin C may have no effect. Vitamin E may have an effect on fatigue, but this is uncertain. Vitamin F may have had no effects on cognitive function, psychological symptoms, or psychological symptoms. Vitamin K may have been beneficial, but there is no evidence of a benefit for this. Vitamin M may have some beneficial effects, but these are uncertain. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included studies were small and of short duration, and the results of the studies were not consistent. The evidence is up to date to January 2017.
We searched for evidence from randomisation trials comparing morphine with other drugs or with no treatment. We included 62 studies, with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design, which means that people were randomly assigned to one or more groups. The studies were of good quality, but the way they were designed was poor. The results of the studies were not all consistent. The main outcome was pain. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that morphine is an effective pain medicine for cancer pain. Morphine is an opioid that is effective for pain relief in people with cancer. The effect of morphine on pain is similar to other opioids. The effects of morphine are similar to those of other opioids, but morphine is more expensive and has to be taken for a longer time. The effectiveness of morphine has not changed since the previous version of this review. The review shows that morphine has a wide range of doses of morphine used in studies, and that a small percentage of people are unable to tolerate oral morphine. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Most studies were small and of poor quality. The trials were old, often small, and were mostly carried out for registration purposes. The conclusions of this update have not changed from those of the previous one. The findings of this updated review are based on a previous version published in 2010. We have updated the review for the previous update and found that it is possible to use modified release morphine to titrate to analgesic effect. The new version of the review found that modified release versions of morphine were effective for 12- or 24-hour dosing depending on the formulation. The newer version of morphine was effective for up to 12 hours. The older version of Mm/r was effective up to 24 hours.
We included 14 trials, with 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years. The majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: (1) steroid injection (two studies); (2), percervical (percussive) (five) and transverse (lens) (one) incisions (one); (3), transverse incision (lift of the skin) (two); (4), transversal (lid) incision of the eye (one; one); (5) transverse and transvertebral (lids) (lips) (1; one) and (6) transverse (liver) (skin) (2) (the skin) is cut through (lip) (three) (four) (5), transverteral (lip) incisors (one), and transversals (livers) (6). We are not sure if the use of steroid injection is more or less safe than open surgery for the treatment of people with a flare-up of symptoms. We found that people who had steroid injection had a higher risk (by a mean of 29% or 65% more) of having a recurrence of symptoms at six to 12 months compared with people who received open surgery. We are uncertain whether open surgery is more effective than steroid injection in the treatment for people with trigger finger flare-ups. We also found that 49% more people had pain on the palm of the hand compared with open surgery (by an average of 33% to 66% more). We found no difference in the risk of having an adverse event (by mean of 49% to 91%). We are also uncertain whether steroid injection improves the resolution
This review of three randomised trials, with 931 participants, found that early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to be an effective neoadjvant treatment for people with AO or AOM. However, PCV is toxic to the blood, and should be used with care. The use, however, is not yet clear in terms of its effect on survival. The authors of the review found that the use, in some people, of markers (e.g. codeletion of complete chromosome arms (19q and 1p) and IDH-1 or -2 mutation) may be independent factors for OS, and that the results of one of the trials (RTOG), which was published in 2008, was not found in the review's previous version.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to severe OA. All studies were performed at specialised sleep medicine clinics in tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three studies compared intranasal corticostimulants (medications that block the release of inflammation) to a dummy drug (placebo). Two of these three studies (n = 137) used montelukast, a corticosteroid, to treat OA in boys. The other two (n > 103) used a placebo (a fake drug). We found that montleukast reduced the number of children with OSA who experienced apnoeas, hypopnoea, and respiratory arousals during sleep. In addition, monteluxast was well tolerated in the children studied. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for the primary outcome of AHI, as well as the respiratory arousal index and nadir oxygen saturation. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI between children receiving intrana-oral corticoids compared to placebo. We also found that children receiving oral monteluzast had a lower AHI compared to those in the placebo group. We were uncertain about whether the secondary outcomes were different between children who received intrananasal steroids compared to a fake drug. We found evidence that children who took montelucast had lower respiratory arousal and ndir oxygen levels compared to children who did not take montelUC. We did not find evidence that the difference was different between the two groups. The quality of the studies was moderate or high for the main outcome of the overall AHI. The overall certainty of evidence was low for the other outcomes. The studies were of moderate quality. The main limitations of the review were that the number and duration of the included studies were small, and the number, duration, and quality of studies were not similar
We searched for studies that compared the effects of systemic treatments in children with CVCs. We found six studies that investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecule weight heparin, antithrombocyte (AT), warfarin, cryopreceptitate, and/or fresh frozen blood (FFP) supplements) with no treatment. We also found three CCTs (1291 children). We found that all six studies had limitations in their methods. The studies were of low quality, and the number of children in the studies was small. We did find that the addition of LMWH (low-molecule heparins), antithronbin (AT) and FFP supplements resulted in a significant reduction in symptomatic VTE, but there was no significant difference in adverse events (such as major and/ or minor bleeding). None of the studies reported the incidence of symptomatic bleeding, heparbocytopenia, hepatitis C, death as a result of VTC, removal of CVC due to VTE or CVC-related infection or post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS). The evidence is current to January 2017. We are not able to give recommendations for clinical practice. Additional well-designed international RCTs are needed to further explore the effects on the prevention and treatment of VT in children and adolescents with CVDs. Future studies should aim for adequate power with attainable sample sizes.
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants. The first trial of a total number of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the risk of postoperative brain damage in 14 (30%) of the CSFD group, and 17 (33% of the controls) in the first 24 to 22 days after surgery. The second trial of 33 participants used a combination of CSFD and intrathecal papaverine. It showed a statistically significant reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit (P = 0.039) compared to controls. In the third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery in the control group. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the CSDF group and 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) in control group in the second trial. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in postoperative deficits. There were no significant differences in the risk for spinal cord injury between the CSFSF and controls. The third trial did not show a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. There are limited data supporting the role of CSFSD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled studies, with a total of 662 people. We included studies that compared NB-UVB with oral PUVA, topical PUVA or no treatment. We found that the clearance rate between oral PUV and NB- UVB was not statistically different. The evidence from the studies that looked at NB-UVB versus bath PUV was also not very clear. The studies that studied NB-VUBB versus no treatment found no significant differences in the clearance rates of NB-UCB and no significant difference between NB-VCB and topical PUV. The review found that NB-UFB seemed to be similar to selective BB-UVBs for clearing CPP. In one study, there were no significant benefits of NBUVB compared with no treatment for CPP, and in two studies, there was no significant benefit of NBUB compared to no treatment in terms of clearance rate. In the third study, the evidence was inconsistent. The quality of the evidence for NB-BCP was low. The overall quality of evidence was low for the following reasons: 1. NB-UKA is not currently used for the treatment of CPP in clinical practice, and 2. NBUVBs are not effective for the management of CP. 3. NBUBs are no more effective than conventional BB-UCBs for the CPP treatment. 4. NBUCB is not more effective for clearing the CP than topical PUVs. 5. NBUFB is no more or less effective than no treatment with no treatments for the other than topical and oral PUVs for the clearing of CTP. 6. NBUBB is more convenient to use than conventional PUVA for the use of CPs. 7. NBBCP is no better or worse than no treatments. 8. NB UBP is no different from no treatment or no treatments in terms either for the clearance of CPL or for the reduction of CPS.
This review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to be sure that these treatments are helpful. There is some evidence that biofeedback and electrical stimulator may be more helpful. However, there is no strong enough data to be certain that these methods are safe. There are also some suggestions that rectal sphincter training may be better than sham spharkers. There was not much evidence as to how well these methods work.
This review looked at the benefits of using a catheter for catheter placement in people with ureteric or percutaneous ureters. The review found 39 trials, but most were small, of poor or very low quality, and of poor reporting. The trials were too small to be of high quality. The results of the trials were not consistent. The data from five of the studies were not of high enough standard to be sure that a catheters were more likely to be used if they were not used postoperative. The studies did not show that a longer use of a catherter was better than a shorter use. The seven trials with data showed that people had less infection when a cathetters were used for less time. The evidence was not consistent in respect to the use of urers. The one small trial that did show a difference in the number of people who had to be re-catched (re)catheters was of poor quality. In the one small study, people in the clamp- and-re-cathets group had more infections.
This review included ten studies with a total of 3340 participants. Seven studies compared the effectiveness of aripiprazole to a placebo (disease-modifying medicine), and three studies used aripipsole in combination (placebo). Two of these studies used other drugs (lithic and haloperidol), and one study used ariplify (an anticholinergic drug). The evidence was up- to- date as of March 2014. The review found that aripidine was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks. Aripipidine caused more movement disorders than placebo, but no difference was noted between aripine and lithium or haloperidine at three weeks or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks. Compared with placebo, aripiperazole caused more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders), and caused more children/adsolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. The evidence for the effectiveness and safety of arippidine for mania was of moderate quality. The quality of the evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the overall risk of bias was unclear.
We found three studies that evaluated the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments on CVC-related infections. Two studies evaluated urekinase lock treatment with conchitant systemic antibiotics (n = 56) and one study compared ureke lock with concomitant systemic antibiotics and one trial compared uroke lock plus conchitant with concentrant systemic antibiotics. The studies were of poor quality. We found no evidence of any difference in the number of CVCs that were cured, the number that were re-cleared, the time to the first negative CVC test, the need for CVC removal, the CVC's premature removal, ICU admission and sepsis. No adverse events were found. No studies evaluated the use of urekase or urokase-like drugs (e.g., ureterase, urete, urokinase) in addition to systemic antibiotics were found, but this could be due to low power or a too-short time to follow-up. No RCTs were found on the use or lack of use of antibiotics in the use in the CV. All three studies had problems with their methods. We conclude that more well-conduct and well-reported RCT and CCTs are needed.
This review identified 15 studies that compared interventions to improve the symptoms of whiplash. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality (one trial, 348 people) that an advice video of advice to activate, which aims to help people to become more active, is more effective than no treatment for acute pain. There is low- to very- low- quality (nine trials, 348 adults) that a whiplASH pamphlet on how-treat-whiplash-related-worsens (WHW), which aims at helping people to use their hands to move, is less effective than a generic advice booklet for people with whiplashes. There was no difference in the effect of the WHW on pain relief, or in the effects of the pamphlet on function, when compared with no treatment. Self-care: There was low-to-very- low quality (three trials, 243 people), very-low- to low- or low-evidence that self-care strategies, such as exercise, self-cough, stress-cope, ergonomics, and self-help, did not help people with acute to long-term neck pain. Self care strategies, for example, self care advice, self help, and stress-related stress, did no more or no less than no therapy for people who had chronic neck pain, but there was no clear evidence that self care was more helpful than no therapies. With the results of one trial, this has not shown that T PE is helpful for other T PE themes.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of interventions to inform people at CJD or vCJD risk of receiving a CJD-specific health care, or to support them afterwards. No studies were found that met the inclusion criteria for this Cochrane review. In the thematic synthes, 49 studies and pieces of the wider literature, which were from the same population, intervention, and outcome review, but not the Cochrane, were included. The thematic synthesis suggests that ideally, the thematronic communication of people at risk of CJD/vCJD should be a multi-faceted, multidirectional, and multidonal programme, which aims to ensure that the communication is targeted and responds to the specific needs of people, and that activities to help people to use their voice, such as widespread education, and to support their access, are in place. It also suggests, in the thematics, that poor behaviour may have harmful effects, such in the case of people who are not able to use health care. There is not yet enough rigorous research to assess which is the best way to inform and support people at high- risk.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed, 276 analysed) that compared opioids (prolonged-rescue oxycidone/naloxone) with a dummy (placeb) (fake) pill. The drug group had a higher rate (7.0) of patients who were drug-responders (7/12) than the dummy group (7-7.5%) and a higher proportion of patients with remitters (7% in the drug group and 5/12 in the dummy). The drug groups had similar rates of patients experiencing daytime somnolence (somnolent), difficulty staying awake during the day, and naps during the night. The quality of life scores also improved more in the group than in the placebo group. Quality of sleep was improved more with the drug groups measured by sleep adequacy (measured by sleep quantity) and quality of sleep quantity (measurement of sleep quality). There was no difference between groups for daytime somNolence, trouble staying awake, or naps. More adverse events were reported in the opioid group (RR 1.22; 95% CI 1.07 to 1.39). The major adverse events reported were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS symptoms, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence).
This review of trials found that external fixation reduces redisplacement, gives better results for the fracture, and prevents late collapse. There was not enough evidence, from trials, to be sure that the results were better than those of the plaster cast group. There were some problems with the way the trials were carried out. There is some support for the use of external fixings for distal radial fracture.
We found five studies (1127 patients) that compared early removal of ureteric stents with late stent removal. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that early removal may reduce the incidence of UTI, but it is uncertain whether there is a higher risk of MUC. The incidence of Muc was reduced in the early stent group. This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was only apparent if a BI stent was used. However, if an externalised PU stent is used there was no discernible difference in UTI between the early and late group. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking. The quality of the evidence was low or unclear.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two studies fitted PMCs fitted with the 'Halls technique', which is a type of filling, with fillers; one of these two studies also included a third arm, which allowed the review to include a third group of studies. One of these three groups of three studies used PMCs (fitted with the Hall technique), and the other three studies (using PMCs) used PMC (fitted using the 'Hall technique') fitted with fillments. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or after pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk of major failure or pain in the long term compared to fillings. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk was lower in the crowns group in the longer term (three studies, one conventional and two using the Hall Technique). Similarly, there was moderate evidence that pain was lower for the crown group (two studies, 312 teeth). There was no evidence that there was a difference in the risk for gingival bleeding when using crowns rather than fillings, either in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). It is uncertain whether there is a difference between the risk and the risk associated with gingiolei (gingsival bleeding) bleeding when crowns are fitted with a Hall technique. The quality of evidence for crowns compared to non-restorative caries treatment, and for metal compared with aesthetic crowns, is very low. There are no RCTs comparing crowns fitted conventionally versus using the technique of the Hall Techniques. There is no evidence comparing crowning with fillens. The studies were of low quality.
We included 28 studies involving 788 people with CF. Most studies were of variable quality. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used and in three studies it was unclear if a mask or mouthpiece were used. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenetics (a type of breathing therapy), autogenesis (a process of breathing that uses the lungs to help the airway to open), high-fibre chest wall vibrations (HFCWO), BiPaP (BiPneumatic Pulse Activation), exercise and exercise. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that PEP using a face mask reduced the number of lung attacks compared to other methods of airway clearance. However, the results were not consistent across studies. There was no difference in the number or duration of treatment between PEP and other methods. There were no differences in the severity of the symptoms of CF. There is some evidence that PP may be more convenient than HFCWOs, but the evidence was of variable certainty. There are no studies comparing PEP with other methods for lung function. There may be some differences between PP and HFCWs in terms of side effects. In one study, five participants complained of dizziness, which improved after further instructions on device use. In a study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux, this was more severe in the PDPP group (26 infants). In one of the included studies, when comparing PPEP with oscillating PEP devices, side effects were only reported in the flutter group (22 participants). In the one long-term high-quality study (107 participants) there was little or no difference between the two groups in terms number of side events, but those in the lower airways had fewer side effects related to lower
We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of CZP with placebo (a fake drug) in people with Crohn's disease. We found four studies involving 1485 participants with CD. All studies included participants with Crohns disease and Crohn’s disease active. Most participants were adults over 18 years of age. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The CZPs were given 100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks for 2 to 8 weeks. The results showed that CZp was superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission and clinical response at week 8. The numbers of participants achieving clinical response were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the CZPP and the placebo groups, respectively. In addition, the numbers of people achieving clinical resolution at week eight were 40.2% (336/8 35) and 30.9%, respectively. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73/836) and 6.2%, respectively, in the placebo group. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn't disease, infections, and malignancy. The quality of the evidence was moderate for achieving remission and achieving clinical cure and clinical resolution. The evidence for achieving response and achieving remission was moderate. The certainty of the results was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants. The overall quality of evidence was down graded due to the small numbers of studies.
We searched for studies that compared drugs to prevent heart failure in people with CKD. We included studies that randomly assigned people with heart failure to receive either a drug, a dummy drug, or no drug. We found 112 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to combine data from 26 studies (19,612 participants) to answer our review question. We also included data on the effects of drugs on death, heart failure, and kidney function. We did not include studies that looked at the effect of drugs in people who had CKD, as we did not have enough data. We are not sure if drugs can prevent death or kidney function, or if drugs have an impact on the risk of having a heart attack. We do not know if drugs that are given to people with a heart failure can prevent heart attack, as there is not much evidence. We have not yet been sure if drug treatment can prevent a heart arrest, or whether drugs can reduce the risk that people with kidney failure have to be treated with a hospital stay. We can not be sure if treatments can prevent the need for a heart bypass or to be admitted to a hospital. We could not be certain if drugs could prevent a person from having a stroke, as the studies were too small to be sure. We had no data on side-effects. We cannot be sure that drugs can help people who have CKD to avoid a heart rhythm problem. We need more studies to find out if drugs like angiotensin-receptors, drugs that slow down heart rate, drugs which slow the heart, drugs to slow down blood flow, and drugs that block the blood supply, drugs for people with blood clots, drugs with a blood clot, drugs used to treat heart failure and drugs for heart failure.
This review found three studies involving 1945 women. The studies were of moderate quality and included a total of 1945 women, and were conducted in the USA, UK and Canada. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 1991. The women were followed up for between one and three weeks. The evidence is current to January 2013. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The risk of instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different between groups. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies, but there was no statistically significant difference between groups, and there was insufficient evidence to recommend one form of tocodynamic monitoring over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour.
We included two studies involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. The studies were conducted in the USA and were conducted between 1980 and 2012. Both studies were funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and involved people with chronic leg pain. The two studies were of low methodological quality and were of short duration. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline, half venous refilling time and total venous filling time were observed in the group of participants who exercised compared with the control group. One of the studies reported no differences between the two groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. Although muscle strength assessed by dynamometry at slow speed did not differ between the groups in this study, variable peak torque at fast speed was lower in the control groups than in the exercised group. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to chronic venus venous venous pain and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included studies. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with CVI. Future research into the effect of physical activity should consider types of exercise protocols (intensity, frequency and time), sample size and blinding and homogeneity according to severity of disease.
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosupplement of the HA class is an efficacious and safe treatment for knee OA. The review found that HA viscosupressure is as good as non-steroid drugs (NSAIDs), but has more side-effects. The HA class of viscos suppresses the growth of the knee by applying fluid to the skin. The results of the review suggest that HA is an effective and safe class of product. The trials were of moderate to high quality. The evidence for some of the outcomes was of note, but the results were not consistent. The quality of the trials was low.
We searched for clinical trials that compared misoprostol with placebo (a fake drug) or with uterotonic drugs (drugs that increase blood flow) for the treatment of PPH. We found 10 trials with 4052 women. Four trials (1881 women) compared the use of misopropanol (a drug that increases blood flow in the womb) with the use (in addition) of uterotone (a hormone) given in addition. The other two studies (1787 and 1881 women, respectively) compared oxytocin (a medicine that increases the amount of blood pumped through the uterus) with misopristol. The review found that misoprophol given in combination with uterotonics did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal illness, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy. Misoprostanol was associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. Two trials (1789 women) looked at the effectiveness of estrogen and tranexamic acid, but were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. One study (1887 women) also looked at lower segment compression, but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PPH unresponsive to uterotonic drugs and/or haemostatics. The role of tranxamic acid and compression methods requires further evaluation.
This review of trials found that routine short-term cysteine chloride supplementation of PN in pre term infants improves the amount of nutrients in the blood. Nitrous nitric oxide was increased by cystein supplementation, but not N- acetylcythsteine. There was no evidence that N-acetylcathsteine supplements had an effect on the risk of death or other serious adverse events. There is not enough evidence to assess the risks of N-aceetylcereine supplements, especially regarding the first two weeks of administration. The review found that there is not yet enough evidence from a large trial to support the use N-acetylcochranean supplementation of cysteins in pre-eclampsia infants.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes mellitis. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found no evidence of difference in the number of people who died, developed serious adverse events, or experienced serious side effects between people who received active treatment versus people who did not receive active treatment. There was no evidence that the number or the number and severity of serious side events was different between people receiving active treatment and those not receiving active treatments. There were no differences between people in the groups receiving active and no treatment in the proportion of people with serious side effect. There is no evidence to support the use of active treatment for NAFLD including those with steatohetitis. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for NAHLD including people with steatosis. We do not know whether there is any benefit from the use or not of active treatments for people with NAFLd. We cannot recommend any particular treatment for people who have NAFLT. We recommend that further well-designed randomised trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are conducted to answer this question.
We searched for studies that compared the accuracy of CSF testing of t-tau, p-t Tau or p-Tau/ABBA for the detection of dementia. We found 15 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included 15 studies with 1282 participants with MCI. Of these, 1172 had data that we could use to analyse. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, Switzerland and the UK. The average age of participants ranged from 65 to 77 years. The majority of studies were funded by government agencies. The CSF t-T Tau test was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values ranged between 48% to 88%. At the median specificity of 72%, the estimated sensitivity was 75% (95% CI 67 to 85), the positive likelihood ratio was 2.72 (95%, CI 2.43 to 3.04), and the negative likelihood ratio (0.32) was 0.32 (95%). Six studies (164 cases and 328 non-case) evaluated the accuracy (in six studies) of the CSF p- tau test. The sensitivity and specificity values were between 40% and 100% while they were between 22% and 86%. At a median specificity (in five studies) the sensitivity was 81% (94% CI 64 to 91), the negative chance ratio (1.55) was 1.55, and the positive chance ratio was 0%. Five studies (140 cases and 293 non- cases) evaluated both the sensitivity and the specificity of the p-teau test (in four studies) and the sensitivity values were 80% and 96% respectively. Only one study reported the accuracy for CSF test of CS-tAU/ABeta ratio. The accuracy of these CSF biomarkers for ‘other dementias
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing robotic assisted laparoscopical radical prostatectomies. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age. The evidence is up to date to January 2015. We found evidence showing no differences in pain between the two types of anaesthetics. We also found evidence that propofol reduces nausea and vomiting after surgery compared with sevoflurane. We did not find evidence that either anaesthetic technique was superior to the other. We identified one ongoing trial. We are uncertain whether the anaesthetic techniques are superior to each other in preventing eye complications. We have found low-quality evidence suggesting that prop ofol may prevent an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP) after pneumoperitoneum and steep Trendelenburg positioning compared with a decrease in IOP after sev ofluranes. However, it is unclear whether this translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostateectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
We included 14 studies in this review, with 1,601,515 women. The evidence is current to September 2016. Most studies found no evidence that maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency had any effect on pregnancy outcomes. The review authors found no clear evidence that the use of topical cortics of any potency had any impact on the outcomes of the baby. The studies included in this update were of low quality. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of low birth weight in women who received potent to very potent topical cortes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We found no association between maternal use of corticostoids of topical potency and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including the number of babies that died during or immediately after birth, the number that died before birth, or the number who died during pregnancy. The overall quality of evidence was very low. The authors of this review found no strong evidence that topical cortisone use had any influence on the number or severity of adverse pregnancy outcome. The findings of this update are consistent with the previous version of this study.
We found four randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared the treatment of keratitis with corticostimulants (topical corticoids) or no treatment. The total number of included patients was 611 (612) eyes, with a mean age of 40 to 65. The trials were from the USA, and they were conducted in the USA (three trials), the USA/Canada, India, and South Africa. The largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT), which included 611 participants. The trial followed participants for two months to one year. The other three trials were small and had follow-up periods of two months or less. The evidence is current to July 2014. The review found no evidence that topical corticosteroids are effective in improving the visual acuity, scar size, or adverse events among participants with bacterial keratiti. The investigators of the largest trial reported that more patients in the control group developed eye pressure (intraocular pressure) elevation. One trial reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference between the two groups (data not available). We did not find any reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the four trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow- up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four included trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review. There is inadequate evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of topical cortics compared with no topical cortes in improving visual acity, infiltrate/scar size, and adverse events.
We included four trials with 450 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous vascular interventions for ischaemic stroke. The other trial compared percutaneously administered intravenous therapy with intravenous treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The results of the trials were not consistent. The quality of evidence was low. The number of participants who died at the end of follow-up was not significantly different between the two groups. There was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic bleeding in the brain between the intervention and control groups. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials that percutoscopic vascular interventions are superior to intravenous blood clotting therapy in terms of functional outcome. The included trials were small and of low quality. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found one study, involving 120 families and 143 children. The study was conducted in the UK, and compared centre-based day care with no treatment (care at home) for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. The children were followed up for three years. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found no evidence that centre- based day care improved or worsened children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or psycho-development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that centre care improved employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment or maternal hours per week in paid employment. The included study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that some studies included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. We therefore recommend that future studies of centre--based care for children and their parents should be conducted to assess the effects of day care for disadvantaged children. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect.
This review identified 126 reports describing the results of 30 scoring tests. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validatement. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index, the most recent of these, have been fully validated. The other 11 have been tested in a limited way. The results of the various scoring tests have been compared to each other. The review found that the Nancy and Robarts histopathology index have the most validation in that four of the operating properties of the index (the ability of the score to detect changes in the histopathologic score) have been evaluated. The remaining 11 have not been fully tested. In order to determine the best histologic score, more research is needed.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated the use of nailing or plating for these types of fractures. The trials involved 173 adults with tibial tibia metaphysseal fractures. All of the people in the trials were male. The average age of the adults in the studies was 41 to 44. The evidence is current to September 2014. The three trials were at high risk of bias, meaning that their results may not be reliable. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain between the two groups. The results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing, but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operation after nailing. Similarly pooled data (172 participants, three trials) showed no difference in the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union between the groups. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed that there was no clinically significant difference in pain between two groups, but the results of this trial were inconclusive. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use or the best surgical intervention for distal tibiolei fractures in adults. The addition of evidence from two ongoing trials of nails versus plating should inform this question in future updates. Further randomised studies are warranted on other issues, but should be preceded by research to identify priority questions.
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared the use of systolic drugs (a drug that lowers blood pressure) to lower blood pressure. The risk of bias in the studies was varied. The pooled risk of recurrences of stroke was 0.81, and the risk of major stroke 0.90. The combined risk of death from any cause was 1%. The pooled rate of major vascular event 0.58. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found that BPLDs reduced the risk for recurrent stroke in people with stroke or TIA. We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (a medicine that lowers the amount of fluid in the blood). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for recurrent strokes was 0, and for major vascular events 0, with the pooled RR for major events 0.88. The results of this review suggest that B PLD treatment may reduce the risk that people with TIA have a recurrent stroke. The overall quality of evidence was high.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that men who took B-s-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside (B-sitrostol) had better urine flow, improved prostate size, and improved symptoms of BPH. B-sitosterol did, in fact, reduce the size of the men's prostates. Bile ducts (pills) were not affected. Biliary ducts are a gland that contains the hormone B-tryptophan, which is thought to be a hormone that promotes the growth of prostates, and B-tsynthetic B-Sitosteryl (BST) is a drug that is thought by some to be an anticoagulant. Bactrim (Bactrim), a drug which is a prostate-suppressing drug, has been shown to be helpful in the treatment of B-hypothyroid syndrome. Bistrostolic Bactriols (Bsitosterols), a non-gluxosidic B-stylus, have been shown in one trial, to be effective in the control of BH. Bositosterols are not known to be safe or to be of benefit in the long term.
We found 26 trials comparing salmetol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (2,599 children). In six trials (2.766 patients), no serious adverse events data could be obtained. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse event rates when regular salmeterol was compared with regular salbutamic acid. There was an increase in the risk of asthma-related death with regular Salmeterol compared to placebo. There is also an increase of asthma deaths in patients not taking inhaled corticosteroids in the two large surveillance studies. We cannot be sure whether regular salmetamol is better than placebo for reducing the risk for asthma- related deaths. There were no serious side effects of regular salmyol in children. The risk of serious side effect in children remains uncertain due to the small number of children studied. We combined the results of two large studies (26,355 participants) as all the asthma--related deaths in adults occurred in these studies. In patients who were not taking an inhaled steroid, compared to regular sal butamol or placebo, there was an increased risk of death from asthma. The confidence interval for patients who are taking an inhaler was wide and we cannot rule out an increase for asthma deaths. We have found an increased number of serious adverse effects with regular treatment with salmeterolin compared to a placebo. We are uncertain whether regular treatment is better or worse than taking an asthma inhaler.
This review found no evidence that thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severe complications of breathing problems in pre-eclampsia. There is no clear evidence that post-natal thyroid hormone treatments are effective in reducing the number of deaths or other serious adverse events.
We included 38 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 1828 patients. The evidence is current to August 2018. The analyses showed that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The review also showed that the non-abdominal disacchic disacchaes may help to reduce serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease including liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding. The non-absorptive disacchanides were associated with beneficial effects on hepatic encephalopathy. The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect of the nonabsorbables on quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis (very low quality evidence). Non-abs absorbable disaeccharides were not associated with any serious adverse effects. None of the RCTs comparing lactulose versus lactitol evaluated quality oflife. The results of the review found no differences between lactulos and lactitol for the remaining outcomes. The quality of the evidence was moderate for mortality and adverse events, and very low for quality of lives. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of patients and the small numbers of participants.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2019 and identified 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) that compared bisphosphonate therapy with placebo or no treatment. The evidence is current to January 2019. Bisphosphoneate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, however low certainty in the evidence indicates it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. Bisosphonates may decrease bone pain, but it is uncertain whether bisph phosphonate treatment prevents spinal deformity or bone necrosis. Bisplatinate therapy is associated with bone pain and bone fractures, but the evidence for this is uncertain. Bisptake inhibitors may reduce bone disease, but we are uncertain whether they prevent fracture. Bispposphonatate therapy does not appear to reduce graft rejection, but there is not enough evidence to know whether it has any effect on graft function. Bispsosphonatinate treatment may increase the risk of bone mineral deficiency, but this is unclear whether it increases the risk for bone pain. It is uncertain if bisphosphosphate therapy or other treatments prevent other skeletal complications after kidney transplants, including spinal deformities or bone breakdown. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney kidney transplant are very uncertain. Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low certainty. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations were the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of studies that reported outcomes.
This review identified four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/daily. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. There were no significant increases in handgripstrength in the magnesium group. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 were from our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are from the two reviews we included. No new studies were included from searches for this update. The evidence is current to January 2017. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The duration of the trials ranged from one week to 14 days. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The review found that antibiotics shorten the time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. Five fewer people per cent of people will experience clinical failure if they are treated with antibiotics instead or placebo or placebo. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis diagnosed either clinically (high-quality evidence) or confirmed by imaging (moderate-quality data) is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcomes of clinical diagnosis and imaging. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the outcome of clinical cure and for the other outcomes of adverse events. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants with serious complications. The included trials did not include children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials.
This review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve the survival of people with stomach tumour that has spread to the stomach. However, the risk of dying from the cancer is higher than for D1 lymphadectomy. The quality of the body of evidence was rated as being of high to very low.
This review of trials found that oral naltrexone treatment was not better than other pharmacologic treatments in terms of the rate of re-incarceration. The review also found that naltrexone was not more efficacious than benzodiazapines and buprene, but was not worse. The number of people who were re-arrested for drug-using was low (28%). The review found that the studies were of poor quality, and so the results should be treated with some degree of caution.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of changing the consistency of fluids in people with dementia. We found two studies that examined the effects on the swallowing of fluids. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial. Both studies included people with and without dementia. The first study, a cross-over trial, looked at the effects in 351 people with a variety (nectar thick, nectar thick and honey thick) of two viscosities (nectar and thick) on the ability to drink from a glass (necassone and honey). The second study, which was a trial of 260 people, looked in a sub-group of 260 with a 'chin down' (nose down) head posture. Both of these studies were funded by the manufacturer. The results of the first study were reported by the first trial. The second, a trial, which looked at thickened fluids, showed that thickened fluid had a more positive effect in the first three-month of the trial. There were more adverse effects in the second three- month of the study. There was a greater number of pneumonia and adverse effects of the thickened liquids in the group receiving nectar thick liquids than in the regular liquids group. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluoroscopy for people with the condition. There are no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Neither study addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency and/or duration of fluid for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few studies have been completed. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the long-lasting impact of thickened foods on the health of the person with dementia should be considered.
This review of trials found that natural cycle IVF treatment did not improve live birth rates or other outcomes. However, it did increase rates of pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestations, gestal abnormalities, and treatment cancellations. The evidence was of very low to low quality. The largest trial has not yet been complete and so the results have not yet be published. The trials were too small to be sure that the results would be reliable. The results of this review should be viewed with some trepidation. More trials are needed.
We included 12 studies with 984 participants from 23 references in this review. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year. The age of participants ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. All studies were conducted in the USA. The evidence is current to January 2015. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. We found that Tai Chi improved functional capacity and pulmonary function in people with COPD. However, the effects of Tai Chi on reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. No adverse events were reported. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions (i) alone, Tai Chi did not show any additional effects on symptoms nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement in people. No side effects were reported, suggesting that Taichi is safe to practise in people who have COPD and no side effects are reported. The quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. The main limitations of the evidence were the small study sizes and the fact that the studies were not blinded.
We included 72 trials that involved 2470 participants. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were generally small and varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups. There was no difference between the two groups for upper limb performance. There were no differences between the groups for gait speed, balance, participation restriction, or quality of life. There is insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effect of virtual virtual reality on gait, balance or participation restriction. There are no data on adverse events. The quality of the evidence was mostly low. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that compared fluorquinolone treatment with either no fluorocinole (fluorocine) (flavonil) (fluoquinole) (or fluoroxacin) or isoniocinol (florocines) for drug-sensitive TB. Three of the five trials (723 people) added fluororquinole to the first-line treatment for drug sensitive TB. One of the three trials (174 people) also added lev of lispro (fluoroquinolones) to the standard first-ine regimen. Fluorquinoline replacement therapy (fluroquinolines) were used in one trial (433 people) that substituted moxifloxacins for isoniazid (fluorosilicates). No trials reported on treatment failure. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether addition or substitution of fluoroquinole with fluorocinolone or isoniaza in the first treatment regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases sputum culture conversion at eight weeks. For relapse, we are uncertain if there is an effect. No trials provided information on treatment failures. For death, sputus conversion, and adverse events we are not sure if there was an effect (very low quality evidence). For sputuma conversion, we do not know if there were any differences between the two groups (very, low quality). For death or sputom conversion, or serious adverse events, we were uncertain if the substitution had any effect (low quality evidence), and for relapse, there was no information (very poor quality evidence) (very little or low quality information). Fluoroquinoline substitution may have little or no difference (low or no effect). Fluororoquinolinines in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens with fluororocinole. Ofloxacine
