This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that following asthma education delivered to children, their parents or both, there was a significantly reduced risk of future emergency department visits and hospital admissions compared with control. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. Very few data were available for other outcomes (FEV1, PEF, rescue medication use, quality of life or symptoms) and there was no statistically significant difference between education and control. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest, pain during movement, operation type, and timing of administration. We also found evidence that ketamine reduces pain intensity and reduces opioid consumption. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-studies effects likely but testing not possible. The quality of evidence was generally low or uncertain, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of postoperative nausea and vomiting with ketamine intravenous was reduced from 27% with placebo to 23% (moderate-quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced at 24 hours, and at 48 hours, by 16% (low-quality information). Pain at rest was reduced by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and by 22% (high quality evidence) on a 5-point scale (the number of points on a 0-100 mm scale). The number of participants with nausea and/or vomiting was reduced (by 16% or more) from 26% to 19% (included in the high- and low-quality studies). The time for the first postoperative analgesic request was increased by 54 minutes (moderate quality evidence). Ketamine reduced the area of pain after the operation by 7 cm² (very low quality evidence), compared with placebo (moderate evidence). We found no difference when nitrous oxide was used. We rated the quality as moderate for pain at
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but MSP orRESA significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug. The effect of the vaccine is MSP2 (the variant included in the vaccine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype of the MSP (the most common) were reduced (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.57; 719 participants). However, the results show that the vaccine has a specific malaria subtype, the FC27, while those with the other main subtype are not (720 participants).
This review identified four randomised controlled trials, involving 125 participants. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union and non-union of the long bones were included, but most of the data related to the non-unification of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. Though the available evidence suggests that the treatment of delayed union may offer some benefit in the treatment, it is inconclusive and insufficient to inform current practice. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well conducted randomised trials.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients having laparoscopically-performed laparopaedic laparitis. One of the trials did not provide this information. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information, and the proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the number of patients who died in the short term or in the percentage of patients with serious complications in the eight trials with 1286 participants. There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the two groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the 'drain' group than in the no drain group. The quality of life of the participants was no different between the groups (one trial; 93 participants) and there was no difference in their return to normal activity and return to work between the participants in one trial involving 100 participants. This trial did not report any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscope-per-laparoscopic-choke-ectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicine for treating peripheral nervepathy should be made with caution. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted.
This review included five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, the IAS group had a significantly lower biochemical progression score than the CAS group. Studies primarily reported on adverse events. One trial (N=43) found no difference in adverse effects (a gastrointestinal, abdominal, and asthenia) between the two groups, with the exception of the Ias group having slightly fewer adverse events (two events), which was significantly lower in the CAS groups. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific, or disease progression. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events, and IAS appears to be superior to CAS in potency.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised women to either immediate or delayed insertion of an intrauterine device (IUD). One of them randomised to immediate versus delayed insertion showed immediate insertion of the Copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion. Another trial showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova T group. One trial randomised the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T to either an immediate or a delayed insertion compared to delayed insertion, and found that women who received the IUD immediately were more likely to use it compared to those who received a delayed IUD. The quality of evidence was moderate for the use and expulsion of IUDs immediately after abortion. The evidence for pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lippes Loop. In other work, adding copper sleeves to the Lips Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates. Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of Iud immediately after an abortion is safe and practical. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared with delayed insertion and the quality of the evidence for expulsion was moderate.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detection bias because of missing data due to abstract publication only, thus we judged the overall risk of bias as high. According to the GRADE criteria, we assessed the overall quality of the evidence for all outcomes as'very low', due to the extent of missing information on the participants and the small sample size.
We found three small trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients who developed a mild case of varices, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received vaccine within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days after exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest that children following household contact with a case of a varicellirus infection are more likely to develop the disease. We identified no studies for adolescents or adults. Safety was not adequately addressed. We found high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials compared different antibiotic regimens. There were no significant differences in the proportion of people who developed MRSA infections between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no differences in mortality between the treatment and control group in each comparison. There was no significant difference in the percentage of people developing MRSA infection in the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another. In the single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, there were significantly lower rates of MRSA-related infections in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo. In two trials, 19/478 (4.5%) people developed MRSO infections including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia in these two comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 people developed a MRSA due to MRSA. In one trial, there was no difference between the antibiotic regimen and placebo in terms of the proportion who developed a serious adverse event. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple proclylactic antibiotics or administering prophyleactic antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery in terms or reducing MRSA bacterial infections. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotic regimen are necessary on this topic. All the trials were at high risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate for all the comparisons. This was due to the small number of people included in the trials, the high number of participants in
The review included two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. The number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria and in both studies relatively few of the women presenting with PPRom were eligible for inclusion. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20.05). There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. There was some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section (RR (random-effects)) and were more satisfied with their care. However, results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome (I² = 35%). Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients (mean difference -9.60, 95%) on average. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences between the groups. Future large and adequately powered trials are required to measure differences in outcomes. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarian section. However, staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. Compared with absorbable sutured staples, staples are also associated with the same incidences of wound infections. Other important secondary outcomes, such as wound complications, were also similar between the groups in women with the most common complication, and it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may be associated with an increased risk of skin separation, and therefore, reclosure. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased incidence of skin skin separation and the need for reclosure compared with absorbables. There is currently no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed after a caesar section.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. No studies reported cardiovascular events. Green tea was found to produce favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. The results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD.
The review authors identified two small randomised controlled trials that recruited 23 participants. These studies did not show any benefit of azathioprine in terms of lung function, symptoms or quality of life. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in one study, and the methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of AZA in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the review. The review authors conclude that the evidence in this review is of low quality.
This review identified 56 randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) of exercise on fatigue for people with cancer. The majority of these trials were carried out in people with breast cancer. We found that exercise on tiredness was more effective than no exercise in reducing cancer-related fatigue in people receiving exercise during or after cancer treatment. We also found that aerobic exercise reduced fatigue in those with solid tumours, but not in those who had other cancer types. The findings of this review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer- related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with cancer of the solid tumour. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of an exercise intervention.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) with advanced HL. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy, Belgium and the Netherlands. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as patients were not blinded to the treatment they were receiving. All trials reported results for OS and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to our first published review (2011), the addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients treated with BEACOPP escalated increased OS (3142 participants; high-quality evidence). This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the BEACOP escalated arm compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS (3143 participants; moderate-quality results). However, the observation time of the studies included in the study is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (106 participants; very low-quality information). This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalated BEACP regimens probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV ((anaemia: 2425 participants, RR 10.67 (95% CI 7.14 to 15.93); neutropenia: 519 participants; thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder: 24 25 participants; RR 18.12; MDS (a type of blood clot in the lining of the womb): 24.12); infections: 24.25
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 1835 cancer patients in this review. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients. Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual and low quality of evidence that there is no difference in the effect of psycho-educational interventions on quality of life. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. One study suggested that physical training was not more effective than care as a usual in improving RTW. We found moderate quality evidence that multidisciplinary interventions enhance the RTW of patients with cancer. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias (risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) and nine studies to be of low quality (low or moderate risk of underestimation). The quality of the evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interests. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. We found no new trials in this update. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that women should be informed that admission CTGs increase the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on how well women monitor their own health and on whether there are any differences between groups.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230) in the review. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One of these found a difference in clinical pregnancy rates between the mediums compared, suggesting that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy numbers than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of any evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. None reported on the health of offspring. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being lack of reporting of study methods.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. However, there were no randomised controlled trials of communication methods to inform women about their diagnosis. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis.
This review included 17 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1006 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain-free days up to three months following the intervention. The quality of the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. There were problems with the design of some of the studies, which made it difficult to compare the results of the different studies. In addition, in three studies the therapists were not allowed to blind the participants to whether they were receiving the intervention or a control group. This could have affected the results. In summary, the review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first few months after treatment. However, these conclusions are limited by the wide variability in the results and the small number of participants in individual studies. Further trials of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers compared with placebo. The trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamine and mast cells stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared to placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti-histamines or mast cell stability stabilisers treatment. Overall, topical antihirsutism and anti-inflammatory drugs appear to be safe and well tolerated. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of interventions aimed at preventing tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. The review identified two studies that met the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review and a third is still ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). One study found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up between the skills-community group and the control group. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test but this was not maintained at six month follow up. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth in this area. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in the area.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) on the benefits and harms of giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) compared with giving blood from a vein (selective blood transfusion). We found one trial involving 72 women with HbSS. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfused. The evidence is current to August 2015. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfusing policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). The available evidence is insufficient to support or refute the use of blood transfuzion to prevent or treat HbSA.
