This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that following asthma education delivered to children, their parents or both, there was a significantly reduced risk of future emergency department visits and hospital admissions compared with control. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. Very few data were available for other outcomes (FEV1, PEF, rescue medication use, quality of life or symptoms) and there was no statistically significant difference between education and control. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest, pain during movement, operation type, and timing of administration. We also found evidence that ketamine reduces pain intensity and reduces opioid consumption. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-studies effects likely but testing not possible. The quality of evidence was generally low or uncertain, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of postoperative nausea and vomiting with ketamine intravenous was reduced from 27% with placebo to 23% (moderate-quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced at 24 hours, and at 48 hours, by 16% (low-quality information). Pain at rest was reduced by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and by 22% (high quality evidence) on a 5-point scale (the number of points on a 0-100 mm scale). The number of participants with nausea and/or vomiting was reduced (by 16% or more) from 26% to 19% (included in the high- and low-quality studies). The time for the first postoperative analgesic request was increased by 54 minutes (moderate quality evidence). Ketamine reduced the area of pain after the operation by 7 cm² (very low quality evidence), compared with placebo (moderate evidence). We found no difference when nitrous oxide was used. We rated the quality as moderate for pain at
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but MSP orRESA significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug. The effect of the vaccine is MSP2 (the variant included in the vaccine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype of the MSP (the most common) were reduced (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.57; 719 participants). However, the results show that the vaccine has a specific malaria subtype, the FC27, while those with the other main subtype are not (720 participants).
This review identified four randomised controlled trials, involving 125 participants. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union and non-union of the long bones were included, but most of the data related to the non-unification of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. Though the available evidence suggests that the treatment of delayed union may offer some benefit in the treatment, it is inconclusive and insufficient to inform current practice. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well conducted randomised trials.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients having laparoscopically-performed laparopaedic surgery for acute cholecarystectomy. One study included both elective and emergency laparoscope-related laparectomy. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences between the two groups in the proportion of patients who died in the short term or in the number of serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants. There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the drain groups than in the no drain groups (seven trials; 775 participants). One trial involving 100 participants reported no significant benefit in the return to normal activity and return to work between the group of participants who received drain and the group that did not. This trial did not provide any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after the operation to treat acute cholematosis. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicine for treating peripheral nerve damage should be made with caution. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted.
This review included five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, the IAS group had a significantly lower biochemical progression score than the CAS group. Studies primarily reported on adverse events. One trial (N=43) found no difference in adverse effects (a gastrointestinal, abdominal, and asthenia) between the two groups, with the exception of the Ias group having slightly fewer adverse events (two events), which was significantly lower in the CAS groups. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific, or disease progression. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events, and IAS appears to be superior to CAS in potency.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised women to either immediate or delayed insertion of an intrauterine device (IUD). One of them randomised to immediate versus delayed insertion showed immediate insertion of the Copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion. Another trial showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova T group. One trial randomised the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T to either an immediate or a delayed insertion compared to delayed insertion, and found that women who received the IUD immediately were more likely to use it compared to those who received a delayed IUD. The quality of evidence was moderate for the use and expulsion of IUDs immediately after abortion. The evidence for pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lippes Loop. In other work, adding copper sleeves to the Lips Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates. Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of Iud immediately after an abortion is safe and practical. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared with delayed insertion and the quality of the evidence for expulsion was moderate.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detection bias because of missing data due to abstract publication only, thus we judged the overall risk of bias as high. According to the GRADE criteria, we assessed the overall quality of the evidence for all predefined outcomes as very low, mainly due to the extent of missing information on the participants and the small number of participants in the included study.
We found three small trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients who developed a mild case of varices, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received vaccine within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days after exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest that children following household contact with a case of a varicellirus infection are more likely to develop the disease. We identified no studies for adolescents or adults. Safety was not adequately addressed. We found high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials compared different antibiotic regimens. There were no significant differences in the proportion of people who developed MRSA infections between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no differences in mortality between the treatment and control group in each comparison. There was no significant difference in the percentage of people developing MRSA infection in the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another. In the single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, there were significantly lower rates of MRSA antibiotic infections in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo. In two trials that compared MRSA antibiotics against other antibiotics, 19/478 (4.5%) people developed MRSO infections including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia in these two comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5% of people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (2.0) people developed MS due to MRSA. In one trial, there was no difference between the antibiotic regimen and placebo in terms of the proportion who developed SSI. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple prophyleactic antibiotics or administering prophyactic antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotic regimen are necessary on this topic. All the trials were at high risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The evidence was up to date to September 2014.
The review included two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. The number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria and in both studies relatively few of the women presenting with PPRom were eligible for inclusion. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20.05). There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. There was some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section (RR (random-effects)) and were more satisfied with their care. However, results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome (I² = 35%). Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients (mean difference -9.60, 95%) on average. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences between the groups. Future large and adequately powered trials are required to measure differences in outcomes. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarian section. However, staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. Compared with absorbable sutured staples, staples are also associated with the same incidences of wound infections. Other important secondary outcomes, such as wound complications, were also similar between the groups in women with the most common complication, and it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may be associated with an increased risk of skin separation, and therefore, reclosure. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased incidence of skin skin separation and the need for reclosure compared with absorbables. There is currently no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed after a caesar section.
