This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that following asthma education delivered to children, their parents or both, there was a significantly reduced risk of future emergency department visits and hospital admissions compared with control. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. Very few data were available for other outcomes (FEV1, PEF, rescue medication use, quality of life or symptoms) and there was no statistically significant difference between education and control. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest, pain during movement, operation type, and timing of administration. We also found evidence that ketamine reduces pain intensity and reduces opioid consumption. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-studies effects likely but testing not possible. The quality of evidence was generally low or uncertain, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of postoperative nausea and vomiting with ketamine intravenous was reduced from 27% with placebo to 23% (moderate-quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced at 24 hours, and at 48 hours, by 16% (low-quality information). Pain at rest was reduced by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and by 22% (high quality evidence) on a 5-point scale (the number of points on a 0-100 mm scale). The number of participants with nausea and/or vomiting was reduced (by 16% or more) from 26% to 19% (included in the high- and low-quality studies). The time for the first postoperative analgesic request was increased by 54 minutes (moderate quality evidence). Ketamine reduced the area of pain after the operation by 7 cm² (very low quality evidence), compared with placebo (moderate evidence). We found no difference when nitrous oxide was used. We rated the quality as moderate for pain at
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but MSP orRESA significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug. The effect of the vaccine is MSP2 (the variant included in the vaccine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype of the MSP (the most common) were reduced (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.57; 719 participants). However, the results show that the vaccine has a specific malaria subtype, the FC27, while those with the other main subtype are not (720 participants).
This review identified four randomised controlled trials, involving 125 participants. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union and non-union of the long bones were included, but most of the data related to the non-unification of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. Though the available evidence suggests that the treatment of delayed union may offer some benefit in the treatment, it is inconclusive and insufficient to inform current practice. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well conducted randomised trials.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients having laparoscopically-performed laparopaedic laparitis. One of the trials did not provide this information. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information, and the proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the number of patients who died in the short term or in the percentage of patients with serious complications in the eight trials with 1286 participants. There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the two groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the 'drain' group than in the no drain group. The quality of life of the participants was no different between the groups (one trial; 93 participants) and there was no difference in their return to normal activity and return to work between the participants in one trial involving 100 participants. This trial did not report any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscope-per-laparoscopic-choke-ectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicine for treating peripheral nervepathy should be made with caution. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted.
This review included five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, the IAS group had a significantly lower biochemical progression score than the CAS group. Studies primarily reported on adverse events. One trial (N=43) found no difference in adverse effects (a gastrointestinal, abdominal, and asthenia) between the two groups, with the exception of the Ias group having slightly fewer adverse events (two events), which was significantly lower in the CAS groups. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific, or disease progression. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events, and IAS appears to be superior to CAS in potency.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised women to either immediate or delayed insertion of an intrauterine device (IUD). One of them randomised to immediate versus delayed insertion showed immediate insertion of the Copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion. Another trial showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova T group. One trial randomised the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T to either an immediate or a delayed insertion compared to delayed insertion, and found that women who received the IUD immediately were more likely to use it compared to those who received a delayed IUD. The quality of evidence was moderate for the use and expulsion of IUDs immediately after abortion. The evidence for pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lippes Loop. In other work, adding copper sleeves to the Lips Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates. Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of Iud immediately after an abortion is safe and practical. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared with delayed insertion and the quality of the evidence for expulsion was moderate.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detection bias because of missing data due to abstract publication only, thus we judged the overall risk of bias as high. According to the GRADE criteria, we assessed the overall quality of the evidence for all outcomes as'very low', due to the extent of missing information on the participants and the small sample size.
We found three small trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients who developed a mild case of varices, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received vaccine within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days after exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest that children following household contact with a case of a varicellirus infection are more likely to develop the disease. We identified no studies for adolescents or adults. Safety was not adequately addressed. We found high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials compared different antibiotic regimens. There were no significant differences in the proportion of people who developed MRSA infections between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no differences in mortality between the treatment and control group in each comparison. There was no significant difference in the percentage of people developing MRSA infection in the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another. In the single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, there were significantly lower rates of MRSA-related infections in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo. In two trials, 19/478 (4.5%) people developed MRSO infections including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia in these two comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 people developed a MRSA due to MRSA. In one trial, there was no difference between the antibiotic regimen and placebo in terms of the proportion who developed a serious adverse event. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple proclylactic antibiotics or administering prophyleactic antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery in terms or reducing MRSA bacterial infections. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotic regimen are necessary on this topic. All the trials were at high risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate for all the comparisons. This was due to the small number of people included in the trials, the high number of participants in
The review included two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. The number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria and in both studies relatively few of the women presenting with PPRom were eligible for inclusion. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20.05). There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. There was some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section (RR (random-effects)) and were more satisfied with their care. However, results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome (I² = 35%). Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients (mean difference -9.60, 95%) on average. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences between the groups. Future large and adequately powered trials are required to measure differences in outcomes. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarian section. However, staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. Compared with absorbable sutured staples, staples are also associated with the same incidences of wound infections. Other important secondary outcomes, such as wound complications, were also similar between the groups in women with the most common complication, and it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may be associated with an increased risk of skin separation, and therefore, reclosure. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased incidence of skin skin separation and the need for reclosure compared with absorbables. There is currently no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed after a caesar section.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. No studies reported cardiovascular events. Green tea was found to produce favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. The results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD.
The review authors identified two small randomised controlled trials that recruited 23 participants. These studies did not show any benefit of azathioprine in terms of lung function, symptoms or quality of life. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in one study, and the methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of AZA in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the review. The review authors conclude that the evidence in this review is of low quality.
This review identified 56 randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) of exercise on fatigue for people with cancer. The majority of these trials were carried out in people with breast cancer. We found that exercise on tiredness was more effective than no exercise in reducing cancer-related fatigue in people receiving exercise during or after cancer treatment. We also found that aerobic exercise reduced fatigue in those with solid tumours, but not in those who had other cancer types. The findings of this review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer- related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with cancer of the solid tumour. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of an exercise intervention.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) with advanced HL. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy, Belgium and the Netherlands. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as patients were not blinded to the treatment they were receiving. All trials reported results for OS and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to our first published review (2011), the addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients treated with BEACOPP escalated increased OS (3142 participants; high-quality evidence). This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the BEACOP escalated arm compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS (3143 participants; moderate-quality results). However, the observation time of the studies included in the study is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (106 participants; very low-quality information). This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalated BEACP regimens probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV ((anaemia: 2425 participants, RR 10.67 (95% CI 7.14 to 15.93); neutropenia: 519 participants; thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder: 24 25 participants; RR 18.12; MDS (a type of blood clot in the lining of the womb): 24.12); infections: 24.25
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 1835 cancer patients in this review. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients. Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual and low quality of evidence that there is no difference in the effect of psycho-educational interventions on quality of life. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. One study suggested that physical training was not more effective than care as a usual in improving RTW. We found moderate quality evidence that multidisciplinary interventions enhance the RTW of patients with cancer. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias (risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) and nine studies to be of low quality (low or moderate risk of underestimation). The quality of the evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interests. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. We found no new trials in this update. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that women should be informed that admission CTGs increase the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on how well women monitor their own health and on whether there are any differences between groups.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230) in the review. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One of these found a difference in clinical pregnancy rates between the mediums compared, suggesting that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy numbers than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of any evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. None reported on the health of offspring. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being lack of reporting of study methods.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. However, there were no randomised controlled trials of communication methods to inform women about their diagnosis. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis.
This review included 17 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1006 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain-free days up to three months following the intervention. The quality of the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. There were problems with the design of some of the studies, which made it difficult to compare the results of the different studies. In addition, in three studies the therapists were not allowed to blind the participants to whether they were receiving the intervention or a control group. This could have affected the results. In summary, the review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first few months after treatment. However, these conclusions are limited by the wide variability in the results and the small number of participants in individual studies. Further trials of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers compared with placebo. The trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamine and mast cells stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared to placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti-histamines or mast cell stability stabilisers treatment. Overall, topical antihirsutism and anti-inflammatory drugs appear to be safe and well tolerated. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of interventions aimed at preventing tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. The review identified two studies that met the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review and a third is still ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). One study found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up between the skills-community group and the control group. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test but this was not maintained at six month follow up. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth in this area. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in the area.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) on the benefits and harms of giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) compared with giving blood from a vein (selective blood transfusion). We found one trial involving 72 women with HbSS. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfused. The evidence is current to August 2015. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfusing policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). The available evidence is insufficient to support or refute the use of blood transfuzion to prevent or treat HbSA.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion (proportion) was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central pressure group (low-quality evidence). In addition, it should be noted that the sample size was small and the risk of harm was wide, and we cannot be certain that one method of liver resection is better than another. Among the secondary outcomes, there was no difference between the two groups in the proportion of participants requiring blood transfusions, the proportion requiring a red blood cell transfusion, blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. There is no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resections is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or blood transfused requirements (very low quality evidence). The evidence for the other comparisons, the evidence for difference was either based on single small trials or there were no differences. When direct and indirect comparisons were available, network meta-analysis provided additional effect estimates for comparisons where there were not direct comparisons. However, the paucity of data decreases the confidence in the results of the network metaanalysis. Low- quality evidence suggests that liver
This review aimed to find out which treatments are the best for PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (44% improvement) and PUVA combined with other treatments (44%, CI 26 to 62%). However, a combination of PUVA and retinoid is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP, although it is unclear if it is effective. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is not clear if it has an effect. There was no evidence to suggest that the short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective, and there is no evidence that the treatment of PPP is safe. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement". There is, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in the number of pustule counts or other empirical scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for the treatment remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of loop diurestics was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2) mm Hg. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. We found no clinically meaningful blood pressure lowering differences between different drugs in the group of drugs that lower blood pressure. The dose-ranging effects of the drugs could not be evaluated. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the use of these drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects. We graded the quality of evidence for both sysolic and diastolic (mean) blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There were considerable differences in the methods of local anaesthesia instillation including the location (subdiaphragmatic, gallbladder bed, or both locations) and timing (before or after the removal of gallus) between the trials. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported mortality (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthetics group versus 0/210 (0%). One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness (1/236 in the control group versus 1/210 in the anaesthetic group) in eight trials (very low quality evidence). Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported that no serious complications were experienced in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthesiologists to perform the procedure. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The length of hospital stay between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the group than the control groups at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. The duration of hospital stays was 0.04 days. Serious adverse events were rare in studies evaluating local anasteric instillation. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. Further randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic and random errors are necessary. Such trials should include important clinical outcomes such as quality of
We identified 74 studies that compared different types of RDTs with each other or with other antigens. We grouped studies according to the type of antigen (type 1 to 3) of the antigen. We found 74 studies, which included a total of 4,867 patients. We compared the sensitivity and specificity of all RDT tests with microscopy. We also compared the specificity of the tests with the antigen types. We identified 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, eight evaluations of type 2 tests and five evaluations of types 3 and 4 tests. We combined the results of these studies and found that the sensitivity of all three types of tests was higher than for the pLDH antibody-based tests, but the differences were small. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity in study results. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have P. falciparum malaria, Type 1-type tests will miss 16 cases, and type 4-type RDT will miss 26 cases. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with P. flasciata falcidum malaria would be 34 with Type 1, and nine with Type 4. The sensitivity of the RDT test is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated patients.
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by government agencies. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length of consultation on resources used. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to the way participants in the studies were allocated and the lack of data on participants' characteristics and small sample sizes. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering primary care physicians' consultations. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future.
The review identified only three small trials that evaluated virologic efficacy and safety of high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none reported from developing countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. The studies were at a high risk of selection, performance/detection and selective outcome reporting biases. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride levels in two studies and body mass index in one study. In light of variation in the design and follow-up of the study results, no meta-analysis was performed and the results of single studies are presented. There was no significant difference in virologicity between the two groups. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 study; in no participants in the McComsey 2008 trial and not reported on in the Sanchez-Conde 2005 trial. The high dose trials demonstrated a reduction in bone mineral density (BMD), reduction in limb fat and an increase in triglycerides (a type of lipid) in the higher dose arms. The trials did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. Individual results from the trials were not identified a clear advantage in the efficacy or safety between low and high dose of stavUDine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were ART experienced and all had sustained viral suppression and so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where high viral loads are currently used in ART naive patients, in many developing countries, in which high viral load patients are still being treated.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in the number of deaths in the intensive care unit (ICU) but no difference in 28-day or hospital deaths. Data from four studies (1313 participants) did not show a difference in in-hospital mortality. Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma. We found no differences between the groups in the risk of death from any cause at 28 days or in hospital. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions as a part of a ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome. We identified significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials. Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included an "open lung ventilation" strategy, whereby the intervention group differed from the control group in aspects of the ventilation strategy (including higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), making interpretation of the results difficult.
We found 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that compared relaxation therapy with no treatment or a control group. The studies were of poor quality and the number of patients was small. However, some of the results of the studies suggested that relaxation therapy reduced the use of asthma medications and improved quality of life. There was no significant difference in lung function or symptoms of depression following relaxation therapy. The results of other studies were conflicting. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to the absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma in adults.
This review included 35 randomised controlled trials (studies in which people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared antidepressants and benzodiazepines as monotherapy in people with panic disorder. Thirty-five studies, including 6785 participants overall, were included in this review. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference in effectiveness between the two drugs in terms of response rate. We also found low quality evidence suggesting a benefit for benzodiazapine (an anti-psychotic drug) compared to antidepressants in the number of people who dropped out of the studies due to any cause. We did not find any difference between the drugs for adverse effects. The majority of studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. Information on adverse effects was very limited. The included studies are not sufficient to comprehensively address the objectives of the present review. The vast majority of the included studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. In general, based on the results of the current review, the possible role of antidepressants and/or benzodaziazepines should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice of which antidepressant and/ or benzodazine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of antidepressant and benzoidiazepines efficacy and tolerability, including data from placebo-controlled studies, as a whole. Data on long-term tolerability issues associated with antidepressants and Benzodiazepine exposure should also be carefully considered. The present review highlights the need for further higher-quality studies comparing antidepressants with benzodiz
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. Endoscopic stenting was associated with a reduced risk of complications, but with a higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death when compared with surgery. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day mortality with plastic stent use. One published study compared metal stents with surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stent. Nine studies compared metal to plastic stenting. Metal stents were associated with less risk of biliary blockage and a lower rate of death at 30 days, but there was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or death within 30 days of surgery. When different types of plastic stented devices were compared to polyethylene stents in one trial, only perflouro alkoxy (a type of plastic) stents had superior outcomes in one study. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four trials compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and one compared ultrasound with Doppler auditory assistance. We found moderate-quality evidence that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared with other types of guidance. We also found improved success rates within two attempts with ultrasound guidance when compared with palpate or Dopplelear auditory assistance, but we could not confirm whether this benefit is present in infants and small children. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events. We identified moderate- quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guided catheters are more successful than other types. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. Similarly, our results suggest, but do not confirm, the possibility of a positive influence of expertise in the use of ultrasound on the first-time success rate. We did not find any evidence that the first time catheter placement was more difficult in infants than in children older than 18 years of age. We judged the quality to be moderate for all of the outcomes.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies conducted in Canada in the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to high-alcohol-containing movies. The results from the three ITS study were inconsistent. The evidence from the ITS studies was very low quality due to a lack of randomisation and imprecision in the results. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population and serious level of imprecise results. There is a need for high-quality research to evaluate the effects of alcohol advertising restrictions.
This review of trials found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. There was conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. There is no evidence that MCT is better than LCT in improving short- and long-term development of the infant. There are conflicting data as to whether formula tolerance is better or worse. There were insufficient data to determine whether LCT is more or less harmful than MCT. The review authors recommend that further research is needed to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on long- and neurodevelopmental outcomes, and include larger study populations to better evaluate effect on NEC incidence.
We found one small trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of the reporting and lack of information on blinding. The evidence is current to August 2016. Transcervical infusion had no clear effect on the incidence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection or caesarean section. There was no clear difference in the duration of maternal antibiotic treatment between the amnion infusion group and the control group, nor was there a clear effect in the number of women who had a caesarian section. The study did not report any information about how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. The reduction in temperature at delivery was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The majority of this review's secondary outcomes were not reported in the included study. There is insufficient evidence to fully evaluate the effectiveness of using transcervically amnuted fluid for chorioamnionitis and to assess the safety of this intervention or women’s satisfaction. We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniotropin. The overall quality of the evidence was low. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
This review aimed to assess the diagnostic test accuracy of the Mini-Cog in community settings. Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. The studies were of limited quality and had methodological limitations that could have introduced potential sources of bias. There was no pooled meta-analysis of the results of the studies. The sensitivity of the test in the individual studies was reported as 0.99, 0.76 and 0.83. The specificity of the tests varied between the studies and was reported to be 0.93, 0%. The studies used different methods to select participants for each study and the results were not combined. The limited number of studies and the methodological limitations in the current studies make it difficult to make recommendations for or against the use of the mini-COG as a cognitive screening test in community. Additional well-designed studies comparing the MiniCog to other brief cognitive screening tests are required in order to determine the accuracy and utility of theMini-Cod in community based settings.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg daily), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/daily to 70 mg/day), and mixed amphetamine salts (12.5 mg/year to 80 mg/dos). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamine has powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Amphetamines were efficacious in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by clinicians and patients. In contrast, we found no evidence to suggest that dexamphetamine reduced the severity. In addition, we did not find any evidence that amphetaminas reduced the symptoms of ADHD in comparison to other drugs. We also found no difference in effectiveness between different doses or types of drug-release formulations. We did not identify any differences between the types of medication used in the studies. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low or very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and participants, and the short duration of the included studies.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition (low quality evidence). The studies reported adverse events and withdrawals from the studies comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence), and the evidence addressing the use of vitamins D for chronic pain now contains more than twice as many studies and participants than were included in the original version of this review. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of Vitamin D across different chronic painful chronic conditions is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic painful diseases needs further investigation.
This review found 41 studies involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine studies they were aimed at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies they targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. Multifaceted professional interventions can enhance the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. Organisational interventions that improve regular recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management. The addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes. Nurses can play an important role in patient-focused interventions, through patient education or facilitating adherence to treatment.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared hormonal and intrauterine contraceptive methods in a total of 1503 women aged 25 years and younger. The trials compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel (LNG-IUS) 20 µg/day versus LNG- IUS 20; LNG 12 µg or LNG 16 µg compared with LNG 17; and LNG 20 versus the copper T380A intra-uterine device (IUD). In the trials comparing two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group assigned to the LNG -IUS 20 (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.85), which may have little clinic relevance. In another study, continuation of the LTP appeared at least as high as that for the COC. In the trial comparing L NG-IUs 12 versus L NG 16 showed similar efficacy over one and three years. In three trials that examined different LNGs, continuation was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review of trials found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and medication use and improves bronchial hyper-reactivity. There was no consistent effect on lung function. There were 42 trials of immunotherapy for house mite allergy; 27 pollen allergy trials; 10 animal dander allergy trials, two Cladosporium mould allergy trials and six trials looking at multiple allergens. Concealment of allocation was assessed as clearly adequate in only 16 of these trials. Significant heterogeneity was present in a number of comparisons. Overall, there was a significant reduction in asthma symptoms, use of asthma medications and improvement in bronchia hyper-activity following immunotherapy. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered. The size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled steroids.
This review found six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of systematic error. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 0.88) and hospital mortality was reduced with a RR of 0%. Overall mortality was not significantly different if a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in the control group was used. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-term outcomes. Clinical heterogeneity, such as different lengths of follow up and higher plateau pressure in control arms in two trials, makes the interpretation of the combined results difficult. The effects of lower tidal volumes are becoming a routine strategy of treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury, stopping investigators from carrying out additional trials.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients to help them to come out of anaesthesia was comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to help patients to come back to consciousness. The risk of side effects with both techniques is also comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. The results of our review should be interpreted with caution. We did not find any high-quality evidence for any of the outcomes of interest. We recommend that further research is needed to determine the benefits and harms of the two techniques. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients with a mean age of 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660) and there was considerable heterogeneity between the trials. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. There is no convincing evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive participants with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the number that received active treatment. This introduced bias. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients in this review. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in in-stent re-stenosis is unclear. Compared to angioplasty alone, P TCRA/PTCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period (RR 1.27; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.86 to 1.90). Compared to PTCA alone, patients were more likely to experience vascular spasm, perforation and transient vessel occlusion. In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions, or those with lesions that fail PTCa), PTCra may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. There is limited published evidence and no long-term data to support the routine use of the PTCR in re-stents.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants. Two of these trials were multicentre trials comprising only participants positive for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled participants clinically diagnosed with bronchiolitis from a hospital in Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as a daily or a twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebulisation of salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. Overall, nebulising rh DNase showed no benefit in clinically meaningful outcomes. Meta-analysis favoured the control group with a shorter duration of hospital stay and better clinical score improvement. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or intensive care unit (ICU) admission. In one RCT, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had a severe case of acute atelectasis. Two patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after the treatment of children under 24 months of age with acute bronchioitis. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste, reported in a total (11 patients from both treatment groups. The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use of nebused rhDNASE in children under the age of 24 months. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes. It might have a role in severe bronchialitis, but further clinical studies would need to be performed.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found no significant difference in mortality between groups, with only one death occurring overall, in the totally percutaneous group. Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study we observed only one failure of aneurysis exclusion in the surgical cut-down femoral artery access group (moderate-quality evidence). No wound infections occurred in the group treated by the percutaneously inserted technique. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two groups, or in bleeding complications and haematoma (high quality evidence). There was a difference in the operating time, with moderate-quality information showing that the surgical approach was faster than the cutting-down technique. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. As the number of included studies were limited, further research into this technique would be beneficial. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponges were also more likely to cause allergic reactions than diaphrragm. Discontinuation rates at 12 months were higher with the sponge than with the diaper. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, a meta-analysis was not possible. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL. In the first study the primary cognitive outcome of memory at six months did not reach significance, but there was significant improvement in overall cognitive function compared to placebo, with similar adverse events across groups. The second study found no statistically significant difference between arms, with few adverse events. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program for the prevent of cognitive deficit but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. Three other studies investigated the use of a pharmacologic intervention for cognitive deficits, methylphenidate compared with modafinil, two different doses of modafenil, and donepezil compared with placebo. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenidine and modafanil arms; few adverse effects were reported. The other two studies combined treatment arms and found improvements across all cognitive tests, however, a number of adverse events were reported in both groups. Both studies were limited by a small number of participants. There is no strong evidence to support any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or ameloration of cognitive problems. Non-randomised studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. Further research is required.
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared laser treatment with placebo (fake) laser treatment. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. Both studies were assessed as at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the results were imprecise. The overall quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the results and the imprecision of the data. There is clearly a need for randomised clinical trials to investigate the effects of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of inferior and lingual nerve injuries. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including patient-specificised measures of altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and the effect of delayed treatment. No studies reported on quality of life or adverse events.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no statistically significant difference between using combined oestrogen and progestogen and using placebo for all our proposed primary outcomes, namely, miscarriage (risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% CI 1.32 to 2.80), perinatal death (RR 0.94, CI 0.53 to 1.69) and preterm birth (less than 34 weeks of gestation). In terms of this review's secondary outcomes, the use of combined hormone therapy was associated with an increased risk of maternal cancer in the reproductive system (RR 6.65, CI 1 to 28.29). However, for the outcome of cancer other than that of the reproductive systems in mothers, there was no difference between groups. Similarly, there were no differences between the combined oedrogen and hormone therapy group versus placebo for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the unborn baby, cancer in reproductive system in the mother, or cancer other other than of the genital tract (carcinoma) in the baby. The second study was based in the UK and involved pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF). This study showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the treatment group and the no treatment group. The study did not report on this review’s other primary outcomes (perinatal deaths or rates of preterm births), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. There is an insufficient evidence from randomised trials to assess the use combined oestedrogen and hormonal therapy for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (median NNT 9) and for SSSRIs from 7.8 to 8.8 (medians NNT 7.7 to 8). The numbers of participants who withdrew from the studies due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 for both classes of drugs.
We found nine studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo (a pretend medicine) or other active treatments for acute migraine headaches. Ibuproen 400 mg was better than placebo for pain relief in about half of the people in the studies, but it was no better than rofecoxib 25 mg for 24-hour headache relief. Soluble formulations were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not 2-hour relief. Similar numbers of people experienced side effects, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibupronfen and placebo. Ibupsrofen 400 mg did not differ from rofecaoxib in terms of effectiveness for 2- hour headache relief or 24-day headache relief, and soluble formulations provided more rapid relief. We found no new studies since the last version of this review.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye) in this review. The evidence is current to August 2016. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. We found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison. All other included artificial tears produced contradictory results or found no between-group differences. Our review also found that OTC synthetic tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias. Overall the evidence is up to date as of September 2016.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared the effects of maintaining lamivudine in second-line regimens or not. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamivudiudine and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamivUDine (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to those on 3TC/FTC-sparing second-lung regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-line treatment with a regimen of drugs on thymidine analog combinations. There is limited evidence to evaluate the effects and safety of second-lines in patients with HIV who fail to respond with a WHO-recommended regimen. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants in this review. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of these tests. We found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampatis test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance and 34 for the mouth opening test. The upper lip bite test for diagnosing difficult laryngoscopy provided the highest sensitivity compared to the other tests. For difficult face mask ventilation, we could only estimate summary sensitivity (0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.39) for the reference standard and specificity (P < 0.001) of the modified mallampatis. For tracheal intubation, we found that the modified mollampatis had the highest accuracy for diagnifying difficult trachea intubations compared to all the other tested tests. The higher sensitivity of the upper lip bites test was the most important test for identifying difficult face masks. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for the different domains; we mostly observed low risk of biases for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of biased for reference standard (standard) and index tests. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains. We concluded that the evidence is current to September 2016.
This review of trials found that probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea and reduce the frequency of stool frequency in children with acute infectious diarrhoeal illness. Probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency of acute infectious diarrhea. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants). This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium term (between six and 12 months) effects of the newly-formulated therapy. The results of the single study showed that people receiving the therapy were more likely to engage with non-inpatient services in both the short term and medium-term. However, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results concerning engagement with social functioning were also favoured by the intervention group. Results of people leaving the study early favoured the intervention in both short term (n = 52, 1 RCT, RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.06 to 12.98), with slight favour of the control group at medium term. Results for the adverse effects/events of death were measured by 12 months, but again, there was no statistical difference between the intervention and control groups. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of this newly-formed therapy. Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of these new forms of standard care. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. Two studies (1492 participants) had an EERW design, in which those with good pain relief after titration were randomized, double blind, to continuing the effective dose (300 to 600 mg pregapalin) or a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. We found that people taking pregABalin had a greater reduction in pain intensity (at least 50% pain intensity reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment) than people taking placebo (high quality evidence). The number of people experiencing moderate benefit (at at least 30% pain reduction after at least 12 weeks of treatment) was about 30% more with pregalactol 300 to 600mg than with placebo (moderate quality evidence), but about 11% more people with pregarabalin 300 to 300 mg. Moderate benefit was experienced by about 28% of people with placebo, but about 10% more in the pregalactic group. A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged between 7 and 14. A small study (177 participants) compared once-daily pregalaxial with twice-daily treatment, and concluded there was no difference in effect. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. Of those randomised, about 40% had MTR with preglabalin and 20% with placebo. The NNT was 5, but normalised to the starting population tested it was 12. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the
We found only one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo. The trial did not report any of this review's primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between the two groups in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, gestational age at birth, or the rate of postpartum haemorrhage or caesarean section. There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the magnesium sulphates group than in the placebo group. However, there was no difference in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment. The included trial was at a low risk of bias and was of high methodological quality. There is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphat when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus.
