This review found 38 studies involving 7843 children. Asthma education aimed at children, their parents or both can reduce the number of children who visit the emergency department for an acute asthma attack. There was also a reduction in the frequency of unscheduled doctor visits. However, there was not enough data to be sure that this effect was maintained over the long-term.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (high-quality evidence), and by 22% on the same scale at 48 hours (high quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced by 16% on a scale of 0 to 100 mm (moderate-quality and low-quality results, respectively) and by 14% on an equal scale (16% and 14% with ketamine) at 24 hours and 48 hours, and by 6% on both scales (moderate and low quality evidence, respectively). We found evidence that ketamine reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting from 27% with placebo to 23% of participants receiving ketamine. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of nausea or vomiting was reduced from 37% to 24% (moderate quality evidence) and from 6% to 14% (low quality evidence), respectively. Ketamine reduced postoperative opioid consumption by 13 mg on a 0.5 mg to 1.5 µg/kg/minute scale (moderate to high quality evidence; moderate-quality studies). Ketamine also reduced the area of postoperative hyperalgesia by 7 cm² (very low to low quality of evidence). We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-studies were likely but testing not possible.
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported. One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants showed no reduction in the growth of blood-stage parasites. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, the number of children with clinical malaria was not reduced, but MSP-RESA significantly reduced the parasite density. Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype (MSP2) were reduced, while those with FC27 were not. The effect of the vaccine is MSP2-specific.
This review identified four studies, which involved 125 participants. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields, and one study, of capacitive coupled electric fields. All studies were conducted in the USA. Participants with delayed union and non-union of the long bones were included, but most of the data related to the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). A sensitivity analysis conducted to determine the effect of multiple follow-up time-points on the heterogeneity amongst the studies showed that the effect size remained non-significant at 24 weeks. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 patients. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. One trial included people undergoing an elective operation to remove the gall bladder. The average age of people in the trials ranged between 48 and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences between the two groups in the proportion of patients who died in the short term or in the number of serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants. There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the drain groups than in the no drain groups (seven trials; 775 participants). One trial involving 100 participants did not provide any information on the return to normal activity and return to work. The quality of life of the participants was not significantly different between groups (one trial; 93 participants). There was also no difference between groups in terms of the number who were discharged from the hospital as day-procedure laparoscopically. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparectal cholecervical surgery. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective use of Chinese herbal medicines for the treatment of peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of low quality. There was inadequate reporting on side effects in the included trials. The trials did not mention how they monitored side effects. Based on this review, there is no evidence from trials to support or refute the use of these herbal medicines.
This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All the included studies had small numbers of patients and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess the effects of IAS on disease-specific or metastatic disease. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcome. A subgroup analysis found no difference between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, the IAS group showed a reduction in biochemical progression. One trial (43 patients) found no clear difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia, asthenia and asthenialysis) between the two groups. Limited information from one trial suggests IAS may be slightly less likely to cause side effects than CAS. Overall, IAS was as good as CAS for potency, but was better during the interval of cycles. Data from RCTs comparing IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short-term duration.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One of them randomised women to immediate (insertion of an IUD immediately) versus delayed insertion. The evidence is current to August 2015. The quality of the evidence was moderate. One trial randomising women to the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova T group. The use and expulsion of intrauterine system or CuT380A was more likely for immediate insertion compared to delayed insertion (3 studies; 878 women) and (2 studies; 2257 women) respectively. Another trial randomised a group of women to use the Lippes Loop or the TCu 220C and found that pregnancy was less likely immediately after insertion of the IUD (two studies; 2,274 women). In other work, adding copper sleeves improved efficacy and reduced expulsion (one study; 400 women). The evidence was of moderate quality. Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of a IUD right after abortion is safe and practical. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion than after delayed insertion, but the evidence is of moderate to low quality.
We included only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants were enrolled in the study, but only 42 remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow up period. There was no information about the age and sex of the study population. We found a high risk for bias due to missing data. The trial found that meditation practice might be beneficial for patients with leukaemia, with higher scores for those in the mediation arms compared to the usual care group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation, both in the spiritual-framed meditation group and in the 'usual care' group. However, there was no evidence on the effect of meditation practice on survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low. We judged the overall quality of evidence as'very low'. This means that we are very uncertain as to whether or not the results are reliable. More high quality trials are needed to determine the effects of meditation in haematological malignancies.
We identified three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcome measures measured. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella, and 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority had mild (no more than 50 skin lesions) disease. In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest that giving a single dose of PEP to children following household contact with a case of varicellosis reduces infection rates and severity of cases. However, safety was not adequately addressed.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different prophylactic antibiotic treatments. There were no differences in the proportion of people who developed MRSA infections in any of the comparisons. The trials were at high risk of bias. All the trials were conducted in the USA. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people had MRSA due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there was no significant difference in the percentage of people with MRSA infection. The single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo found that the number of people developing SSIs was significantly lower in the group that received antibiotics with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo (all SSI: RR 0.26; 95% CI 0.11 to 0.65). In two trials that compared MRSA-related serious adverse events with placebo, 19/478 (4% of people) people developed infections other than SSI, including SSI (SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia) in these two comparisons. No significant differences were found between the groups in terms of serious adverse event rates. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or an increased duration of antibiotics is of benefit to people undergoing surgery. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotic regimens are necessary on this topic.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. Overall, the number of included women in each trial was too small to allow us to assess the effects of the two groups. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria and in both studies relatively few of the pregnant women presenting with pre-natal peri-pregnant pelvic floor muscle pain were eligible for inclusion. In one trial, there was not enough evidence to be able to determine whether the risk of death of the baby was different between groups. In the other trial, women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before starting home care. There was some evidence that women managed at home were more likely to have a caesarean section than those who were cared for in the hospital. Mothers who were care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Home care resulted in lower costs. The review found two relatively small studies that did not have large enough numbers of women to detect meaningful differences between groups for the outcomes of interest. Future large, well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to measure differences between the groups for relevant pre-specified outcome. Special attention should be given to the assessment of mothers’ satisfaction with care and cost analysis. These will have both social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared, and these are non-absorbable and absorbable sutures. Compared with absorbable subcutaneous suture, the two types of staples are similar in terms of wound infection. Other important outcomes (wound infection and wound complication) were also similar. However, it is worth noting, that staples may have a differential effect, depending on the type of skin incision. If staples are removed on day three, there is a higher risk of skin separation and reclosure.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea appeared to be similar in the trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea capsules. The results of this review suggest that green tea may reduce CVD risk factors, but the results should be treated with some caution as there were only a small number of trials contributing to each analysis, and studies were at risk of bias. Green tea was also found to reduce blood pressure and total cholesterol. The effects of both tea types were found to be favourable. However, these results need to be interpreted with caution due to the small numbers of trials that contributed to the analysis. There were no major adverse effects of the intervention.
The review authors identified two small trials recruiting 23 participants. These studies did not find any clear evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. One study showed an improvement in lung function, but this result is uncertain. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. There were concerns over the small sample sizes and poor quality of the included studies.
We identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion in this review. The majority of studies were carried out in people with breast cancer (28 studies). The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made. Exercise on fatigue can be regarded as beneficial for people with cancer-related fatigue both during and after cancer treatment. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for people who received an exercise intervention during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. In relation to diagnosis, we found benefits of exercise for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with blood cancers. We found that aerobic exercise reduced tiredness in those with solid tumours. However, we did not find any evidence for the effects of other forms of exercise. Further research is needed to determine the best way to carry out an exercise programme.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared the effects of first-line treatment with advanced HL. We found five eligible trials, which included 3427 people. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). We included all five trials with 3427 participants in the meta-analysis. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for survival (OS) but was high for other outcomes, as patients were not blinded to the treatment they were receiving. All trials reported results for OS (OS). The evidence is current to May 2014. The addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients treated with advanced BEACOPP escalated increased their survival from 3142 participants to 3142 after five years. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five-year follow-up compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased progression-free survival (PFS) of 3142 patients (moderate-quality evidence). However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalated BEACOP regimens probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV ((anaemia: 2425 participants, RR 10.67 (95% CI 7.14 to 15.93); neutropenia: 519 participants; thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder); infections: 24 25 participants; and MDS (a type of blood cancer that affects the lining of the blood vessels)) than in the control arm. There is no evidence for a difference for treatment-related mortality. Only one trial planned to assess quality of life, however, no results were reported. We are very uncertain how
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared the effectiveness of interventions to improve the quality of life of patients with cancer. We included studies in which participants were randomly assigned to receive one of two or more types of interventions. We found fifteen studies that met our inclusion criteria. Most studies were conducted in high income countries and most of them were aimed at patients with breast cancer. Two studies involved a psycho-educational intervention, which included teaching self-care behaviours. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. In one study, patients were given a physical training programme, which did not appear to be more effective than care as usual. In all studies a less radical, functioning conserving approach was compared with a more radical treatment. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate, depending on the type of treatment. This means that the true effect of the intervention may be quite different from what we found. We judged six studies to be at a high risk of bias, and nine to be of low risk.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial in the Scottish government. One trial is still ongoing. We found no new trials in this update. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour. The studies were assessed as low risk of bias. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The evidence suggests that women admitted to hospital with low-risk pregnancies should not have the CTG. This would include a cohort of women who were not included in the current trials. Furthermore, the probability of caesarean section is likely to increase by approximately 20%. The data did not show a clear difference between women who had CTG and those who did not. There was no clear difference in the number of deaths in the perinatal or instrumental birth, or in other important outcomes, such as caesarian section rates. There were no clear differences between groups in other outcomes such as the incidence of brain damage in the newborn period (very low-quality evidence), or in brain injury in the baby. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution. The usefulness of the findings in developing countries will depend on the use of FHR monitoring practices.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised 3666 women, three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15,230) in total. It was not possible to combine any of the data from the studies because each study compared different media. Only seven of the studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media used. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One of these found that for cle-stage embryo transfer, the culture medium, Quinn's Advantage, had higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. This study, however, was published only as an abstract, and so the quality of the evidence was low. None of them reported on the health of the babies. Most studies (22/32) failed to report the source of funding. None described their methodology in adequate detail. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies, and six studies reported miscarriage. There was no evidence to support or refute the use of any culture medium. We conclude that there is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine the best culture medium for embryo transfer.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer. However, there were no randomised controlled trials which compared methods of communication with each other. The review authors have considered that it is perhaps not ethical to randomise women at such a time when they are waiting for a diagnosis. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where the choice of treatment is discussed, it would be useful to have a review which focused on the ways in which the two groups of women can communicate.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 participants. The evidence is current to September 2013. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newy England, and the United Kingdom. The interventions included a cognitive-behavioural framework (CBT), hypnosis (hypnosis is a psychological therapy that focuses on changing thoughts and behaviours to change the way people think and behave) and relaxation techniques (such as relaxation techniques). The interventions were compared with a control group that did not receive the intervention. We found that CBT reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain-free days up to three months after the intervention: mean difference (MD) 3.00 (95% CI 0.23 to 5.77). Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a CBT-based framework, which was largely restricted to the first period of the intervention (three months after treatment). However, there was high heterogeneity and caution is required in interpreting these results. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to interpret the findings from studies. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers. The trials evaluated the effects of these drugs on symptoms and signs of allergic conjunctivitis. There were no long-term data on their efficacy. We found that all reported topical antihistamine and mast Cell Stabilisers reduce symptoms and the signs of allergy in the short term. However, there is no evidence to support the use of these treatments in the long term. There was some evidence to suggest that antihistamines and mast cells stabilisers appear to be safe and well tolerated. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall we judged the risk of bias to be low.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of community-based programmes aimed at preventing tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. The aim of the review was to assess whether these programmes were effective in reducing tobacco use. The review found two studies that met the inclusion criteria. The two included studies were based in Native American populations (1505 participants). One study found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up. The second study found a positive change in tobacco use at post test in the intervention arm at six month follow up. Both studies were rated as being at high or unclear risk of bias. Based on these findings, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention programs tailored to the specific needs of Indigenous youth, but more research is needed. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is more than twice that of the non-Indigenous population. As such, a significant health gap exists where Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related illness and death.
The review included one trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, the results were imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal deaths in women who received either prophylactic blood transfusion (blood transfusion to prevent blood loss) or selective transfusion. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2015. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfusions policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). The available evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of blood transfused blood for prevention of blood loss in pregnant women with HbSS. Evidence from one small trial of very low quality suggests no clear clinical benefits of giving blood to prevent bleeding in the mother and baby when compared with giving blood from the same vein. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review, such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and haemolytic disease of the newborn, were not reported by the trial.
