This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that following asthma education to be effective in reducing the risk of future hospital admissions and future visits to the emergency department. There were no data on the effect of the education on other markers (elevation of asthma symptoms, rescue medication use, airway pressure, airways closure, lung function, and lung function) and there was no difference in the number of children who had an asthma flare-up.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and reduced pain by 16% at 24 hours and by 5% at 48 hours. We also found that ketamine reduces pain by 8 mg morphine equivalent over 24 hours, and reduces opioid consumption by 13 mg. We were able to combine the results of 65 studies, which showed that intravenously administered ketamine was effective in reducing pain by 19% to 19% more than placebo (a dummy pill). We found evidence that intravenial ketamine is effective in decreasing pain at 24 and 48 hours after surgery, and reducing pain during movements by 14% to 16% (moderate-quality evidence). We did find evidence that ketamines reduced nausea and vomiting after surgery by 23% to 27% (high-quality and moderate-quality results, respectively). We were unable to analyse the effects of ketamines on the number of people who experienced CNS (neck and neck) adverse events. We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of small-study effects or because the number was too small. We rated the quality as high for pain at the rest of the operation, moderate for pain during the operation and pain at 48 and 24 hours after the operation (high for pain), and very low for nausea and nausea after the surgery (moderate quality evidence). The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were too small to detect differences between studies.
This review of five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants found that the MSP2 (Combined B-MSP2) vaccine reduced the number of children who had clinical malaria, but the vaccine was not shown to be of good quality. The MSP 2 vaccine was effective in reducing the number and number of cases, but it was not effective in children who were not pretreated with antiretrovirals. The vaccine was also effective in the Msp2 variant, but this was based on a single small trial. The results show that MSP vaccine may be a way to reduce the number, but not the number (or number) of children with blood-stage malaria.
This review of four randomised controlled trials, involving 125 people, found that there was some evidence that electrical field therapy may be helpful in the treatment of long-bone fracture. The trials were of small size, and each had some limitations. The results of the trials were not conclusive. There was no reduction in pain. One trial reported two side-effects, which were mild. The evidence is up to date to January 2014.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 patients. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopical laparectomy for cholecochlecovaginal appendectomy. One trial did not provide this data. The age of the patients in the trials ranged from 48 years to 63.5 years. The average age of participants in the studies ranged between 48 years and 63 years. Nine of the 12 trials were conducted in the USA. The majority of the participants were female. The participants were undergoing electively planned laparoscopic cholecystectomy for acute chole cystitis. One of the trials included both planned and emergency laparoscope cholectomy. The remaining trial did neither provide nor reported this information. The results of the studies did not show any significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials that provided this information, nor in the number of deaths in the 10 trials that reported this outcome. There was no significant difference in the percentage of patients who developed serious adverse events in the seven trials with 1143 participants reporting on this outcome or in the eight trials with 1286 participants reporting this outcome, or in each group reported by 8 trials with 6/640 participants. The length of hospital stay was significantly longer in the drain groups than in the'no drain' groups. There were no significant differences in the quality of life between the two groups. The proportion of patients discharged as day-procedure laparopy laparopically planned lapareectomies seemed lower in the one trial that reported on this. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparospically planned chole cytectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective use of these Chinese herbs for the treatment of diabetic neuropathy. Most of the trials were of low quality. There was inadequate reporting on side-effects. There were no well-conducted, well-reported trials of these herbs.
This review included five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in two or more treatment groups) that compared IAS to CAS. All the studies were of short-term (less than three months) and involved advanced prostate cancer. The evidence is current to January 2014. The review found that IAS was as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, reduction in biochemical growth was seen in the IAS group. One trial (N = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between the IAs and CAS, with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the CAS group. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events. Overall, IAS is also as effective for potency as CAS, but IAS has a shorter duration and is more expensive. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific or disease progression.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomising to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial randomised to the levonorgestle IUD or the transurethral IUD (Nova T), which is a type of IUC, found that women who had an IUD inserted right after an IUC were more at risk of having a baby. One of them also found that the use and expiration of Iud was more likely for women who received the IUD right after the abortion. The other study found that IUD use was more at six months after the IUC was placed. The evidence was of good to very low quality. We found that intra-abstinence was more common for IUDs placed right after abortion. We did not find any evidence that Iud use was higher for IUCs placed just after an abortion.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found only one small trial published as an abstract article. The trial involved 92 participants with acute leukaemia. The participants were randomly assigned to meditation practice or usual care. The study was conducted in the USA and the average age of the participants was between 40 and 60 years. The duration of the study was six months. The results of the trial were not reported. The included study showed that meditation practice might improve the quality of life of haematological malignant patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care group. However, the quality and quantity of the evidence was very low, as the trial was small and the results were not published in a way that would allow us to draw any conclusions. The quality of the included trial was very poor, as there were only a small number of participants and the study did not provide enough information for us to be able to draw conclusions about the effects of meditation practice in haematic malignant individuals.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up (time to onset) and outcome measure. The three trials were too small to be suitable for meta-analysing. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) had varicella, and 42 out of 54 vaccine (or no) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients who had varICELL, 13 had mild varicellosis, and the vast proportion (78%) had no severe variceella. In the three trials, most children were given PEP (pills) within three days of the onset (three days) of the case, but too few were given the PEP four to five days after the case was exposed. No trial reported on side-effects of the PED. We found no RCTs for children younger than 16 or adults. We did not find any RCTS for children or adults, and we found no trials for children and young people.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants. Eleven trials compared different antibiotic regimens. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, New England and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to May 2014. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic regimen in four of the trials (three trials that had reported mortality and one other trial). None of the other trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people had MRSA due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there were not significant differences between the two groups in the proportion of people who developed SSI. In one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, the proportion in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) was significantly lower in the comparison. In two trials that compared MRSA infections other than SSI, 19/478 (4.5%), 19/479 (4%) people developing MRSA infection including SSI and chest infection, and bacteraemia, were in the antibiotic group. There was no significant difference in the percentage of people developing a MRSA-related infection at any body site in these two comparisons. The proportion of participants who developed MRSA in the single trial that reported MRSA (SS
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. The number of women included in each trial was too small to be able to assess the effects of the two groups. The trials were too small and of poor quality to allow us to draw any conclusions. The review found no evidence of any difference in the risk of death of the baby in one of the trials. There was some evidence that women who were cared for at home were more likely to be given a cesarean birth than those who were treated in the hospital. Mothers in the group that was cared for in the home spent 10 fewer days in the ICU, were more satisfied with their care, and had lower costs. The results of this review should be viewed with some care. The two trials were small, and the number of studies was too few to be sure of the results. More research is needed.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most commonly studied are non-absorbable (non-absolve) and absorbable (absorb) suture. These two methods are the most widely used for skin closure. The two methods were found to be similar in terms (wound infection) and wound complications. The main difference was that the non-abstorbable sutures were found not to be as good as the sutured suturings. The non- Absorbable staples were also found to cause wound infection, pain, cosmease and re-closure. The staples were not as good at closing the wound as the absorbable suts. The most common complication was skin detachment, which was defined in the trials. The use of staples was not as well defined as suturing, and most of the trials were of poor quality. There is no conclusive evidence on how the skin should be kept closed.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four trials looked at a black tea treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The results showed that green tea reduced blood cholesterol and blood pressure by 0.43 mmol/L and 0.64 mmol/l, respectively, over six months. Green tea also reduced total cholesterol by 0.62 mmol/dL, LDL cholesterol by 1.64 mmHg and blood hypertension by 2.18 mmHG. The effects of both tea types were found to be favourable for blood cholesterol, blood pressure and total cholesterol. However, the small number of trials contributing to each analysis meant that the results should be treated with some caution. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but due to the small numbers of trials contributed to each of the analyses, the results of this review should be taken with caution. Further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
The review authors identified two small randomised controlled trials (23 people) that met the inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA and were conducted over a period of three years. The findings of the studies were inconclusive and there was no evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of these studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the review. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to recommend the use azathiprine in chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We searched for studies that compared exercise with no exercise in people with cancer. We included studies that assessed the effects of exercise on tiredness, tiredness during or after the end-treatment of the cancer. The review authors found 56 studies that met the review inclusion criteria. We found 56 trials that involved 4068 people. The trials were carried out in a total of 28 countries. We combined the results of 28 of these studies (28 in the previous version of this review, 28 in the current version) and found that exercise on the whole was more effective than no exercise. We also found that people with breast and prostate cancer who had cancer were more likely to be tired than people with other cancers. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects on tiredneath, blood tests, or other types of cancer. In addition, we found that there were no studies that examined the effects in people who had a solid tumour. We concluded that exercise can be regarded as a useful treatment for people with tirednecks during and post-cancer treatment. More research is needed to find the best type, amount, and timing of an exercise programme.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2016 and found five trials with 3427 participants. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) with HL. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found that patients treated with advanced HL who had been diagnosed with advanced disease after first-line chemotherapy had a higher survival rate (OS) compared to patients treated without advanced disease. However, the evidence was of low quality. The survival advantage was not seen in patients with advanced cancer. The addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients who had their treatment escalated had a better survival rate. However the trial was too small to be able to show a difference in the number of patients who died. The EORC 20012 study did not report quality of life, so we could not assess this. The quality of the evidence for survival was high for patients with HL who were treated with escalated chemotherapy. The overall quality of evidence for the other outcomes was low or very low. The main reasons for this were that the trials were small and the results were not consistent. The included trials were too small and had a high risk of bias. The results of this review are based on five trials, which included a total of 3427 people. The majority of the trials included adults with advanced and advanced HL. We found that people treated with accelerated chemotherapy had better survival compared to those treated with conventional chemotherapy. However this finding is based on only five trials. The number of people who died was low and the quality of this evidence was low. There was no evidence for a difference between the two groups for treatment-related deaths. The analysis of the E ORTC 20011 trial showed no evidence of a difference for treatment related deaths. There is no evidence that the increased survival of patients with accelerated treatment increases the risk of developing second solid tumours. However there is low-quality evidence that this may be
We included studies that compared a medical intervention with a non-medicine treatment, a vocational or non-healthcare treatment, or a different type of medical treatment. We found fifteen studies that included 1835 cancer patients. We judged six of the studies to be at a high risk (risk) of bias (bias). We found that the studies were of low or very high risk. We did not find studies that looked at the effects of a non medical treatment on the health of patients. Two of the included studies involved a psycho-educative treatment (such as psycho-teachings) and one study involved a physical training programme. We could not find any studies that examined the effects on the well-being of people who had received a psychoeducative or a non health-care treatment. In one of the two studies, people who were given a psychoeducation programme were not more likely to be more likely than those who were not to be given a treatment. The other two studies were on a physical therapy programme. In all the studies, the less radical, non-drug or nonmedicinist treatment was not more effective than more radical treatments. We were able to combine the results of five studies that used multidimensional approaches (such a psycho, psycho-ed, physical, psycho, and/or vocational treatments). We could combine the data from these five studies and we found that multiddimensional approaches led to a higher rate (in terms) of good health-related quality-of-worsening in people with breast and prostate cancer. We are not sure if multidonal approaches are more effective in people who have a more radical or non drug-based cancer. The quality of the evidence was low or high. We rated the quality as low for the effects for the psycho-education and the psychoeducations, and low for those who had a training in self-care. We graded the quality of all the other studies as low
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a Scottish health body. One additional trial is ongoing. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in the labour. The women were followed up for between one and 12 weeks. The studies were assessed as low risk of bias. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interests. The results of this review suggest that women admitted to hospital with low-risk pregnancies should not have CTG. Women should be informed that admission CTG is likely to increase the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The evidence was of moderate to very low quality. The data did not show any clear difference in the average treatment effect between women allocated to CTG and women allocated intermittent auscultation in instrumental vaginal birth, perinatal mortality rate and perinnatal mortality. Women allocated to admission CTg had, on average, higher rates of continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labour and fetal blood sampling. There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcome measures including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (incidence only reported) and incidence of seizures in the neonatal period (incision only reported). There were also no data on severe neurodevelopmental disability assessed at greater than, or equal to, 12 months of age. The findings of this systematic review support recommendations that the admission CTGs should not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that women should be told that admissionCTG is associated with an increase in the caeesareans. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices. However, an absence of benefit and likely harm associated with admission
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15.230) in the review. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One study found a difference in clinical pregnancy rates between the mediums used, suggesting that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy numbers than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of any difference between mediums. None were reported on the health of the babies. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communication in informing breast cancer patients of their cancer status. The review found no randomised trials of methods for communicating a cancer prognosis. The search strategies of the search strategy found 2847 citations but there were three duplicates of the same article in 27 of these. The authors have not been able to extract the data from these three duplications as they were too different. The results of the review were not consistent and so it was not able to draw any firm conclusions. The reviewers have therefore suggested that a review which focused on the first visit to the breast cancer clinic to discuss the first cancer treatment options would be useful.
We included 17 studies with 1006 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The interventions included a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was delivered in a group of people with NSCP. The intervention was compared with a control group that received no intervention. The results showed that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of chest-free days up to three months following the intervention, which is a measure of the number days without chest pain. There is no evidence of effect of treatment on the severity of chest pains up to one year after the treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The included studies were of variable quality and the number and duration of the interventions varied. The wide variability in the outcomes of interest made it difficult to combine the results of the studies. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, there were differences between the studies in terms of the way the studies were carried out and the way they were reported. Therefore, caution is required in interpreting the results. Further studies of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment treatments. The following antihistamine and mast cell stabilisers (inactive anti-histamine, mast cell, antazolamide, anticholinergic, antifungal, antiphosphamide, and pembrokeshire) were included: nedocromil, nedopa, bepotastine, belemide, belemnite, bepere, bepiritine, pempere and pemirolast. The trials were of short-term use, with a range of one to eight weeks. The evidence is up- to- date as of May 2014. The review found that topical antihistamines and mast cells stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There was some evidence to support that topical Antihistamines or mast cell stableifiers reduce symptoms of seasonal allergy when compared to placebo. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti- and mast-cell stabilisers treatment. Overall, topical antihirsutism and mastcell stabilisation appear to be safe and well tolerated.
We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria and one of these studies is still ongoing. The two studies were based in the US and involved 1505 young people from the US, and were aimed at preventing smoking in young people of Indigenous descent. The studies were of good quality, but not of high quality. The study in the first study found no difference in weekly smoking between the skills-community group and the control group. The second study found positive changes in tobacco use in the intervention arm at six month follow-up. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
We searched for evidence on the benefits and harms of giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with HbSC (HbSS) or HbSβThal (HBS) in order to prevent the need for blood clots. We found one trial of 72 women. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who were given blood transfusion. The evidence is current to August 2015. The study did not report any important outcomes for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfused policy for women with other variants of sickle cell disease (i.e. HbSS and HbBSC). The available evidence is insufficient to support or refute the use of blood transfats to prevent blood clotting in pregnant women who have sickle cells in the blood.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. The evidence is current to February 2017. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The majority of the trials were of low-quality. The main outcomes were blood transfusion (proportion) and complications, which were higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the control group. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfused blood was higher in people receiving low central pressure and low central blood pressure plus low venous blood flow. The number of complications was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The total hospital stay, total hospital stays, and operating time were lower with low central flow than with control. The quality of the evidence was very low. The only difference between the two methods of radiofrequency dissection was the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher for the radiofrequency- dissecting method than for the clamp clamp-Crush method, but the difference was based on single trials. The overall quality of evidence was low. There was no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resection is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or blood transfusions. There is no evidence that using radiofrequency decompression equipment for the removal of the liver is of benefit in reducing the need for blood transf transfusions or complications. None of the studies reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. The available evidence suggests that radiofrequency dissection of the livers may be associated with more adverse events than with clamp-breaking. The use of radiofibre dissecting seals should not be used outside the clinical trial setting. The included trials were at high risk of bias. The studies were small and the results
This review aimed to find out which treatments are the best for PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (improvements of 44%) and PUVA (44%) and the use in the short- and long-term. However, a combined treatment of PUV and PUA (combined treatment with PUA, PUV, PUA and PUVA) is more effective than the individual treatments. The use of steroid cream (topical steroid) is also effective. It would also seem that ciclosporin, t-tetracycline (a type of antibiotic), low-dose ciclocerein, low- dose ciclobacterium antibiotics, and Grenz Ray Therapy (a form of photodynamic treatment) may be useful. Colchicine (an anti-pustule drug), a drug that is used to treat PPP, has a lot of side-effects. There was no clear evidence that short-term treatment (hydroxcarbamide) is an effective short- or long- term treatment. There were no trials of hydroxycarbamides (hydroxyurea), which are used to improve PPP and there was no long- or short- term data on the effects of hydrocolloid (a drug) on PPP (a long-lasting, long-acting, anti-inflammatory drug). There is, however, no standard method for assessing the response to the treatment, and the results of the trials were not of much use to the patient.
We searched for studies that compared the blood pressure-lowering effect of loop duretics with other drugs (e.g. placebo, placebo-controlled trials) in people with normal blood pressure. We found nine trials that evaluated the blood-pressure-lowerening effect of 5 drugs (fursemide 40 mg/day, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone, and e tozolol 200 mg). The trials lasted for 8.8 weeks. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Japan. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The drugs were tested in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.2 weeks. We did not find any studies that evaluated different doses of loop diuretics. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of the drugs was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2.8) mm Hg. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. We graded the quality of evidence for both systols and diastolic (blood pressure) blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias. We could not provide a good estimate of harms associated with loop diurestics because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in many of the studies. We rated the quality as low for both the systol and diestolic blood blood pressure estimate.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intra-percutaneous (in the stomach) local anaesthetist (1558) versus no treatment (1291) contributed data to one or more of the outcome measures. Most of the trials were at high risk (risk) of bias (that is, there is a potential to arrive at wrong results). There were differences in the methods of the local anaesthetic instillations (elevation, placement, and timing) and the type of local anesthetists (bupropion, bupvavacaine, or both) and in the time between the two groups. There was no death in the eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0% in the local anesthetic instilling group) and 0/210 (0.4%) in the control group. One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness (446 participants in the group of participants who received local anaesthesia versus 0/236 in the controls) and one participant experienced serious illness in the other group (1/236 participants in local anaesthesiologists versus 0.4% in control groups). The remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity. Three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported that no serious complications occurred in any of the 715 participants who were treated with local anaethetics. None of the studies reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The effect of local anaetic instillation on the proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) in local anisthetists versus 40/82 (48.8%) in control group). The length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by
We identified 74 studies that compared different types of RDTs with each other. We grouped the studies according to the antigens they detected. We found that the sensitivity and specificity of all RDT type tests were such that they can replace or extend the use of the tests for uncomplicated P. falciparum malarum. The antigen from P.  falcidum is fromP. falcus inactiveus (fromP falcips in the blood). The antigene from pLDH (from P  falcus) is from p. disease infection of the blood (fromP  falcinum in Asia). We found that the antigener fromp. falcinus is a type of human antibody that is more sensitive than pLDh antibody-based tests, but the differences are small. The antigen is not useful for detecting treatment failures. We also found that pLDhe antibody-type tests (such as the Type 4 tests) tended to be more accurate than p. falconum based tests (like the Type 5 tests) but were less specific than pLC-based RDT tests (which are more expensive and less accurate). In conclusion, the sensitivity and specificity of all R DTs are such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated P falcIP malaria.
We searched for studies that compared short-term changes in the length of time doctors visit with each patient. We found five studies that tested short-lived changes in how long doctors spent in the consultation room. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by the Health Protection Agency. We are uncertain whether short-changing doctors increases the length or number of consultations, referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length and number of visits on the amount of time physicians spent in consultations. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering length of primary care physicians' consultations. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
We searched for studies that compared high dose versus low dose stavudine in patients with HIV/AIDS. We found three small trials that evaluated the effects of high dose and low dose of stavUDine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries. The trials were of poor quality and had a high risk of bias. The studies were at a high rate of selection bias. All participants were ART experienced and had been on stavuzine for at least six months. The results of the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage in virologic efficacy or safety between low and high dose stivudine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained virologicity suppression and so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where stavude is currently used in ART naive patients with high viral loads. Stavudines are still used in many developing countries and further trials are warranted.
We included 10 trials with 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilator strategy (where the ventilators were switched on at the same time) that was not based on the recruitment process. We found that a strategy that used a recruitment manoeuvre as part to change the ventilation system (e.g., a change in the mode of breathing) did not reduce the risk of death in the ICU, 28-day or in-patient deaths, or the risk in the in-hospitals. We did not find any evidence that the recruitment of patients to the intervention group made a difference in the risk for dying in the intensive care unit. We downgraded the quality (from high) to low because most of the studies provided co-interventions as part (co)interventions that might have influenced the results.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of relaxation therapy in the treatment of asthma. The review included 15 studies, with 687 people. The studies were of poor quality and the number of people in the studies was small. However, some of the results were mixed. The results of three studies measured our primary outcome but individual studies did not show any difference in the effect of treatment. The use of 'as much' medication (medications that are taken to lower the level of asthma symptoms) was reduced in two of the 15 studies. There was no difference in FEV1 (how fast the heart rate is at its normal rate) for the treatment group. There were no significant improvements in FEB1 for the control group. The findings of two of three trials showed a positive effect of CBT. The other two trials, which were of low quality, showed no difference between CBT, bio-feedbriefing, and bio-propulsion. The remaining findings of these studies were mixed, and may be due to the different types of treatments and the poor study design. This was not enough evidence to be sure that these treatments are effective.
We searched for studies that compared antidepressants with benzodiazepine (an anti-psychotic) drugs (drug) in people with a panic attack. We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The majority of studies were of low-quality. We did not find enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and tolerability of antidepressants and benzodiazapine. We also found that there was no difference between antidepressants and the benzodizapine in terms of response rate, but there was some evidence that benzodazepine was better tolerated than antidepressants. We could not find any evidence that there were any differences between individual benzodozapine drugs. We were unable to assess the long-term side effects of antidepressants or benzoduzapine, and we found no evidence that either drug was better or worse than the other. We concluded that the quality of the evidence was low or very low, and that further high-quality studies are needed to answer our review question.
This review of trials found that endoscopic stents are more effective than plastic stents in the treatment of pancreatic carcinoma. However, the risk of death from any cause is higher with the use of endoscopically stent. There is no evidence that the use or risk-effect ratio of the different stents is similar. There was no evidence of a difference in risk of technical failure, surgical failure, or complications.
We included five studies that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation or Dopple-ear guidance. Four studies compared ultrasound with palpate and one study with Doppler audio assist. We found that ultrasound guidance for the first time is more effective than palpate, Doppling of sound, and Doppled sound. We did not find any studies that looked at the rate of complications. We also found that the first and the second time around were more likely to be success-free with the use of the ultrasound guidance. We could not tell if the first-trick method is more helpful than the second. We do not know if the use or lack of use of guidance is an advantage of the first try. We are uncertain whether the first attempt is more difficult for infants or small children, in whom the first pass of the catheters is more likely. We rated the quality of the studies as being of high or very low quality. We judged the quality to be moderate for all of the main results. The main reasons for downgrading the quality were impreision (difference in the results) due to wide confidence intervals, small sample size, and small numbers of events.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants from the Netherlands and published 2009) and three ITS (three ITS) (three studies in general populations from the 1970s and 80s) in this review. The RCT found that young men who were given a low-alcohol content drink less than men who had been given a high-alcohol-content drink. The ITS studies found that men who received a low amount of alcohol and were not given a drink at the start of the study drank less. The results from the three ITS were not consistent. The two ITS studies that compared the introduction of a ban on all forms (partial or full) of alcohol ads with a partial ban on spirits ads only found that the volume (by a mean of 11.11 kilolitre) of all forms of liquor sold per month increased by 14.89 kilolitres. The GRADE approach, the GRADE, the evidence from the ITS studies, was rated as low due to a lack of randomised trials, impreision (a lack or implemenance) in the results, and a lack or very low- or very uncertain effect on alcohol use. The evidence from two of the three ITs was of low- to very-low- quality. The review found that there is a lack and very low quality of the evidence for or against the introduction or lifting of alcohol restrictions. There is a need for high- quality, well-monoted research to evaluate the effects of alcohol ad bans.
This review of trials found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on growth, development, or adverse effects of MCT. There is conflicting data (two studies), as to whether MCT is more or less acceptable. There was no evidence that MCT was more or fewer likely to cause stomach upsets. There were no studies that looked at long-term growth or development. There are no studies looking at long term growth or brain growth. There should be more research on the effects of LCT for babies born before term.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one small randomised controlled trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of the reporting and lack of information on blinding. Transcervical saline was given to women at a rate of 10 mL per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL perminute until delivery, compared to no ammiotic fluid until delivery. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniolence. The evidence is current to February 2017. The study did not report on the number of babies that died or had severe complications (such as brain injury, brain damage, or admission to intensive/high care). The study also did not provide information on the rate of caesarean section. The amnial fluid was given in a room temperature saline solution. The women in the amnion infusion group had a lower temperature at delivery compared to women in a control group. The reduction in the temperature found may be a direct cooling effect of amninal saline, rather than reduction of infection. The number of women who developed endometritis (inflammation of the lining of the uterus) was not different between the groups. The duration of antibiotic treatment was not reduced in the control group, nor was the number women admitted to hospital. The included study did report on this review's other primary outcome (perinatal death or severe illness). The reduction of the baby's temperature at birth was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The majority of this review’s secondary outcomes were not reported in the included
The review authors identified three studies that met the inclusion criteria, with 1620 people. The studies were of limited quality and had limitations in their methods. The sensitivity of the tests was reported in all three of the studies as 0.99, 0.76 and 0.83. The specificity of the test was 0.93, 089 and 083. There was clinical and methodological heterogeneity between the studies which precluded a pooled meta-analysis of the results. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection. The limited number of studies and the methodological limitations that are present in the current studies make it difficult to provide recommendations for or against the use of the Mini-Cog as a cognitive screening test in community settings. Additional well-designed studies comparing the MiniTheCog to other brief cognitive screening tests are required in order to determine the accuracy and utility of the mini-COG in community based settings.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dex (10.2 mg/d) (10 to 21.8 mg/D) (two studies, 1083 people) and lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/dL) (30 to 70 mg/DA) (three studies, 67 people) (one study, 18 people). The studies enrolled 2521 people with ADHD. Most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%), and were conducted in the USA. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found no evidence that amphetamine treatment improved ADHD symptom severity compared to other drugs. We also found no difference between amphetaminers and placebo (a pretend drug) for reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms. We did find that amphetamine treatment was efficacious in reducing the number of people who dropped out of the studies because of side effects. We could not rule out the possibility of a difference between different doses of amphetamine, but we found no differences between amphetamine salts. We were unable to determine whether amphetamines were more effective than placebo for improving ADHD symptoms, because the studies were too short to detect a difference. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low, mainly because we found that amphemetamines were not as effective as other drugs for reducing ADHD symptoms and we found differences between the types of drug. We judged the quality as low for the severity and very low for side effects, mainly due to the small numbers of studies and participants.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were diverse with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that we looked at, the dose of vitamin D that was given, co-interventions, and the outcome measure used. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2016. The review found no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition. Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence). Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of vitaminD across different chronic painful diseases is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic painful disorders needs further investigation.
This review of studies found that professional interventions can improve the health of people with type 1 diabetes. In all studies the interventions were multifold and varied. In 12 studies the intervention was aimed at health professionals, in nine they were aimed at the management of care, and 20 were aimed both. In 15 of the studies, patient education was added. A combined approach of a combination (including patient-oriented interventions) of a professional and an organisative approach (elevating the role of the nurse) showed a positive effect. The effect on patient health was less clear. The quality of the included studies was often poor.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) that compared the use of birth-stopping birth-pregnant women's birth-control pills (under 20 weeks of age) with birth control pills (over 20 mg/day) or with other birth control methods. The studies included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 women. The trials compared the following birth-controlling methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG-iUS 12 µg or 16 µg versus LNG. The LNGs were compared to the copper T380A intrauterinesure device (IUD). The trials comparing two different types of methods did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the LNG -IUS group, which may have little clinic relevance. The trial comparing LNG 12 versus L NG-Ius 16 showed similar efficacy over one and three years. In three trials that examined different LNG, the L NGs showed similar effectiveness over six to 36 months. Different doses in the Lng-IUs did not appear to influence efficacy over three years, and in another study, continuation of the LGG-IS appeared at least as high as that for the COC. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review of trials found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms, asthma medication use, and bronchial re-reactions. There was a reduction in the use of inhaled corticosteroids, and a reduction of bronchia hyper-reactive bronchitis. There were no consistent effects on lung function. The review found that the size of the benefit is possibly similar to inhaled steroids.
This review of six trials found that lung-protective ventilation reduced death at 28 and at the end of the stay in the hospital. The effects on long-term deaths are not known. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-lasting effects. The trials were of low risk of bias.
We included 15 studies with 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients with acute ischaemic shock is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. We identified no high-quality studies that compared the two techniques. The results of our review should be interpreted with caution. We recommend that future studies should be designed to compare the two methods of giving the drug intravenously. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients with a mean age of 75.4. The trials were of variable quality and there was no clear evidence that blood pressure-reducing drugs prevent the onset of dementia. The combined results from three of the four trials reported change in Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment. The results of the three trials reporting change in Diastolic and Systolic blood pressure did not show a benefit of blood pressure lowering. The four trials reporting incidence of dementia did not find any significant difference between treatment and placebo. The three trials assessing systolic and diastolic blood pressures showed that systol and distolic systols were reduced significantly in the three studies assessing this outcome. The review found no convincing evidence that lowering blood pressure in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive hypertensive participants with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. Analysis of the included studies in this review was problematic as many of the control subjects received antihypertensive treatment because their blood pressures exceeded pre-set values. In most cases the study became a comparison between the study drug against a usual antihysterensive regimen. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the number that received active treatment. This introduced bias. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. The evidence is up to date to September 2015. In complex lesions, there were no differences in re-stenosis rates at six months and at one year in those receiving PTCRA with adjunctive balloon angioplasty (PTCRA/PTCA) compared to those receiving angioplastasty alone. PTCra/P TCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period. Compared to angioplanasty alone, PTCra did not increase the risk for major adverse events (MI, emergency cardiac surgeries or death). P TCRA/PCTA did not reduce the risk that patients experienced a spasm, perforation or transient vessel occlusion. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCA in non-complex lesions. Morphological characteristics of complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised controlled trials.  In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTCa), PTCR may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. The quality of the evidence for the effectiveness of P TCRA in in-stent re-steenosis is unclear. We found no long-term data to support the routine use of PCTRA in the routine routine use for in-ventricular re-stents.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 children under 24 months of age. Two of these trials were multicentre trials, which involved only children who had been positive for the common cold. The other trial enrolled children with bronchiolitis from a single trial. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) nebulaise (a drug that dissolves mucus) of nebulone (rh DNase) in the airways. The results of the three trials did, however, show no benefit in the use nebulside in the acute phase (up to one month) of bronchiolytic bronchitis. In these patients, nebulised rhDNase did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or intensive care unit admission. In one trial, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis (inflammation of the atelectrum). Two of the 11 patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after nebulisation rhDNASE. The review concluded that nebulising rhDNases did not improve clinical outcome in children under one month of age hospitalised with acute bronchiolaitis. It might have a role in severe broncholitis complicated by atelectasia, but further clinical studies would need to be performed.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, how the patients were selected, how it was done and how it could be used to conceal the method. The second was a large, well-conducted and well-reported study, with few sources of bias. The two studies were of good quality. We found no difference in the risk of death, aneurysm exclusion, major complication rate, wound infection or long-term complication rate. There was no difference for bleeding or haematoma. The perctaneous approach was faster than the cut-down femoral artery access approach. We also found no differences in the length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ITU), the length (time) of treatment in the hospital and the length and number (time spent) of time in the aneuryseum. We downgraded the quality (from high) to'moderate' quality of the evidence because of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was more likely to cause allergic reactions. Discontinuation rates were higher with the sponge than with the diapragm. Other randomized trials will be needed. No new trials have been identified since the initial review.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three were eligible. Due to differences between the studies, a meta-analys of the results was not possible. Two of the three studies looked at the use of drugs (methanercept, d-threo-chloride, dithraneol, and donepezil) to prevent cognitive deficits. The third study looked at a rehabilitation program for the prevention of cognitive deficits but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. Three of the studies looked into the use (or potential use) of a drug (methylphenidate, modafinil, and d- threo methylphenidate) to treat cognitive deficits, but the results were inconclusive. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenide and modafenil arms; few adverse events were reported. The second study found no statistically significant difference between arms, with few adverse effects. The other two studies found improvements across all cognitive tests, but there were a number of adverse events. Both studies were limited by a small number of participants. The final study did not find an improvement in the primary cognitive outcome of overall performance, but did find improvement in an individual test of memory, compared to placebo; adverse events, but no other adverse events or differences were reported between groups were reported in the third study. No non-drug interventions were identified to prevent or ameliorate cognitive deficits in adults with brain tumours. There were a few limitations in the quality of the included studies. There is no strong evidence to support any non-medication interventions (drugs or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or amalioration of cognitive problems. Non-drug studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. Further research is required.
We found two studies that compared laser treatment with placebo (fake) laser treatment. Both studies were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be valid. The studies included 26 participants with a mean age of 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of laser treatment on the treatment of nerve damage to the lip and chin. The results of the two studies were imprecise, and we were not able to draw firm conclusions. One of the studies showed a small benefit of low-level low-frequency (LFL) laser treatments on the reduction of nerve injury to the chin. There was no evidence of a difference in the amount of pain, difficulty in eating, speaking, or taste. No studies reported on the effects of the treatment on pain, quality- of- life, side-effects, or side- effects of delayed treatment. We rated both studies as being at high-risk of bias. We found that the quality of the evidence was low or very low, which meant we were very unsure of the results. There is a need for more research to determine the effects on the patient-focused morbidity and quality-of- life of treatments for nerve damage in the lip, chin, and tongue.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodology problems that meant we could not combine their data. One trial (161 pregnant women) was based on a woman with a history of diabetes. It did not show a difference in the rate of miscarriage (miscarriage) and pre-term birth (pre-term births less than 34 weeks of gestation). The second trial (involving 161 pregnant women who had had IVF) was also not shown a difference. This study did not report on this review's other main outcome (perinatal death) nor on the rate or number of pre-eclampsia (preterm birth). The trial did not find a difference for any of our other primary outcome (preinatal deaths) nor for the rate (preonant deaths) of the baby. The use of oestrogen and progestin was not shown to reduce the risk of cancer in the mother. There was no difference in other outcomes that we were looking for, such as: low birthweight (birth weight less 2500 g), low birth weight of less 2500 grams, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the unborn baby, cancer in reproductive system in the reproductive system, or cancer other than of the reproductive systems in the baby, or death of the child. There is an insufficient evidence from randomised trials to assess the use of combined oestrogens and progesterone for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups (1364) was 1364 and the number in the control groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short-term (usually 6 to 8 weeks) duration. Pooled results from fourteen studies (16 comparisons) showed that TCAs are more effective than placebo for depression treatment in primary healthcare. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (median NNT 9) and for SSRI from 7.7 to 8.8 (medians NNT 7.8) and the numbers needed for withdrawal due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 for TCA and 20 to 90 for SSRI.
This review of trials found that ibuprofen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headache, with pain relief in about half (57% of people) of whom (57%) had pain-free 2-hour and 24-hour headache pain at 2-hours and sustained headache pain relief at 24 hours. Ibuproen 400 mg was better than placebo (a pretend medicine) for pain relief, but not for 24- or 2- hour headache relief. Ibupsrofen 200 mg was also better than a fake medicine (200 mg) for 2-hr headache relief, and for 24 hours of sustained headache relief (9.7% of those taking ibuproxen 200 mg and 6.3% of the people taking placebo). Ibuproxene 400 mg did not differ from rofecoxib 25 mg for 2 hour headache pain-relieving or 24-hr sustained headache headache relief or for 24 days of headache relief at 2 hours. Soluble formulations of ibuprocenine 400 mg were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but were not better than 2- hours of headache pain. Similar numbers of people experienced side effects, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibupronfen and placebo. Ibupprofen 400 mg is not better or worse than rofefecoxid 25 mg in terms of pain relief or 24 hours' sustained headache reduction.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye) in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison. All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no between-treatment differences. Our review also found that OTC synthetic tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias. OTCificial tears may provide a safe and effective means for treating dry eyes; however, the literature indicates that the majority of OTC tears may have similar efficacies. This conclusion could be greatly skewed by the inconsistencies in study designs and inconsistencies in reporting trial results. Additional research is therefore needed before we can draw robust conclusions about the effectiveness of individual OTC tear formulations.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared the effects of second-line regimin regimins with first-line treatment. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamvudine and those who did not, in their later regimines. Two small studies of low quality suggest no difference for virolotic suppression whether or not lamvulid is maintained in a second-lung regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-lunar treatment failure on non-thymidine analog combinations. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimens is encouraging. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We evaluated a total of seven different tests, including the reference standard and index tests, as well as 69 non-pre-prepecified, and 32 combinations. We found that all the tests had low to very low sensitivity. For the tests that we looked at, we found that the tests were of high sensitivity. The tests that were of good accuracy, for example, the tests for diagnosing the presence of a laryngoscopical tube in the mouth, were of higher accuracy. For tests that are of low accuracy, we could not be sure that they were of any use. We judged the risk of bias to be low, as we mostly found that there was low-risk of bias for the studies. We also found that we had low- or unclear-risk bias for some of the studies, and that we were not sure if the studies were of low or high quality. We could not tell if the tests we looked for were of better or worse quality. For most of the tests, we did not find any good- or bad-test evidence. We are not sure how the tests are tested, as they are of different accuracy. We do know, though, that the upper- lip test for diagnose larynoscopic larystomies (the upper-larynx test), which is a test that looks at the mouth and nose, is of high-specificity. For this, we are very confident that it will be able to diagnose laryneal intubation. We did not have enough data to be sure if it will also correctly diagnose the need to be re-admitted to the ventilator. We were not able, for most of our other tests, but we found some that were more accurate. We have not yet found any good tests that can be of use for diagnating the presence or absence of larynce. We need
This review of trials found that probiotics can reduce the duration of diarrhoea and the number of days that children have to be rehoused in the hospital. Probiotics are safe, and can be used to treat diarrhoeas in children and infants. However, more research is needed to identify which probiotics are best for particular patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with care provided by the standard care provider (a 'piloting' group) and a'standard care control (a group that received care by a nurse) for 18 months. The study was of low quality. We found that nd therapy was better than care by the control group for social function and for the engagement with non-inpatient care in both the short term (up to 6 and up to 12 months), and in the short-term (up-to-12 months) and the long-term, (up six months to 12 and 12 months) effects of nid therapy-enhended standard care versus care by care by standard care providers alone. However, the results of this study were not statistically significant. Results concerning engagement with services favoured the intervention group in both short term and medium term, but the results were not statistical significant. The results of the study were also mixed for the adverse effects/events of death. The quality of the evidence was very low for social functioning, engagement with care, service use, and economic outcomes. The evidence was of very low quality for the outcomes of social functioning and engagement with other services. The included study was small and the results are not conclusive.
We searched for studies that compared pregabalin with placebo (a pretend drug) or with other treatments for fibroids. We found eight studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included eight studies with a total of 3283 people with fibroid-related pain. Five of these studies had a classic design (where people were randomised at the start of the study) and were given pregapalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo (placebo) or no treatment. The other two studies had an EERW design (in which people were randomly assigned to either pregabs or placebo) and assessed after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. The evidence is current to September 2016. Pregabalin 300 to 600 mg produces a major reduction in pain intensity over 12 to 26 weeks with tolerable side effects for a small proportion of people (about 10% more than placebo) with moderate or severe pain due to fibromyalgia. The degree of pain relief is known to be accompanied by improvements in other symptoms, quality of life, and function. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced side effects. Specific side effects were more common with pregabbyalin than placebo, in particular dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema. Serious side effects did not differ between active treatment groups and placebo. Withdrawals due to side effects (for any reason) were about 10% higher with pregalatin than placebo (high quality evidence). The quality of the evidence was high for most outcomes, except for the quality of evidence for the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR). Of those randomised, 40% had MTR with pregarabalin and 20% with placebo. The quality was high or very high for the MTR outcome. The overall quality of studies was high to moderate for most of the
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild preterm preeclampsia) that compared the use of a drug called Magnesium sulphate with a dummy drug (placebicarbonate). The trial did not show a difference in Apg score at five minutes, gestations at birth, or the gestations of the babies. There were more adverse effects on the mother (feels warm, flush, and dry) in the group taking Mag sulphate than in the dummy. There was no difference in the number of women who had a caesarean birth. There is not yet enough evidence to assess the effects of MagS-1 on the babies' brain.
This review aimed to determine the effectiveness of smoking cessation programmes for smoking cessation in Indigenous communities. Four studies met all of the criteria for this review. Two used a smoking cessation programme that used a pharmacotherapy, one used a cognitive/breathe support programme, one through text message and one through a clinic doctor-trained programme. The results of the four studies were pooled. The studies found that the smoking quit rate in the Indigenous population was higher than in the non-indigenous population. The smoking quit rates in the indigenous population were higher than the non indigenous populations. The findings from the four trials were not consistent. The limited but clear results of this review do not support the use of these programmes.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We included studies that compared PAC with standard care in critically ill patients. We found that PAC did not affect the number of deaths in the ICU or hospital, or the length of stay in the intensive care unit (LOS). We also found that there was no difference in the time that a patient spent in the hospital, the time spent in hospital or the cost. We did not find that PAC changed the time a patient was in the general ICU, the length that a person spent in a hospital, and the cost of care. We also did not see a difference in time that people spent in an ICU. We rated the quality of the studies as high for death, LOS, and costs. We judged the studies to be at high risk of bias for all of the outcome measures. We thought the studies were at high or low risk of being at high- or low- risk of having a bias in the way they were conducted.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, is the method of choice for blood sampling. The use of a sweet tasting (sugar-free) saline or water-like substance prior to the blood sample is thought to help to reduce the pain caused to the baby.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women. The studies were conducted in the USA and were conducted between 1980 and 1990. The women were followed up for between two months and six months. The evidence is current to January 2013. The two studies were of poor quality and did not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of secondary suturing for the management of broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included studies separately compared Chinese medical herbs with antivirals (drug) and antiviral drugs, precluding any pooling. Most Chinese medical herbal medicines were found to be effective in reducing flu-like flu-type flu, but few were shown to be better than antivirials. There were no clear benefits of Chinese medical herb use in preventing or treating flu. Ten of 18 studies found mild side-effects. No side- effects were found in the studies. The quality of the included studies is weak. More high- quality studies with large sample size and clear reports are needed. The review found that most of the Chinese medical medicinal herbs in the trials were similar to the drugs in terms of their effects on flu and flu-related side-reactions.
We searched for studies that compared the use of thrombolytic agents to placebo (dummy drug) or to a drug that was not thrombotic. We found 8 studies that met our inclusion criteria. These studies included a total of 558 participants. The studies compared thrombos with placebo, drug treatment with another treatment, or both. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that thrombolide agents, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange are effective and appropriate therapies for immediately restoring catheter patency in dysfunctional cuffed and tunnelled HD catheters. There is no evidence to suggest any specific treatment is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. There was no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis access or risk of side effects. The certainty of the evidence was low due to the fact that it is based on only one study with wide confidence limits, high risk of bias and imprecision in the estimates of adverse effects. There were no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have a high risk for bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement. Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised) that met our inclusion criteria. Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported the tumour size (growth) and 15 trials (in 20 of the 22 trials) reported tumour shrinkage (tumour shrinkings) and 11 trials (14 of 22 trials comparing the addition of a drug) reported time-to-event (time to the start of the cancer) and overall (time from start of treatment to the time of the start or start of cancer recurrences) data. There were 1532 deaths (1532 deaths) in 2116 women who were randomised (2116 in total) to the treatment of the drug regimen and the control (the usual treatment) and no difference in overall life-time (time until the cancer recurrence) was found. There was no difference for the time to the onset of the tumours to grow back (time before the tummy grew back) or the time until the tumor grew back (tombstone) in the women who had the drug addition. The treatment with a drug was found to be more likely to reduce tumours that had spread to the lymph node (tubers) and to shrink (tubes) but there was no clear difference in the time that the tumors took to grow (tuberculous mass) or to shrink back (womb) in these women. The drug addition of one drug to the standardised treatment was found by the trials to be beneficial in terms of tumour growth, but the results were not consistent. The addition of the drugs to the drug regimens did not improve survival time or time to growth. The drugs were also linked to more side-effects (e.g., hair, skin, hair, and mucous) than the usual treatment.
This review of trials found that a non-invasive neonatal intensive care ward is more likely to be safe and more convenient than an ICU. However, it is not clear if this is due to the length of stay in the ICU, or the fact that it is less likely to cause harm. There is some evidence that those who are treated in a non invasive nephrotic unit (NL) are more likely than those who have ICU care. There was no evidence that a NL was more likely, or less likely, to die. There were no major side-effects.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound treatment with one other, two studies used ultrasound as part of a multisystem treatment, and six studies used it as part and part of other non-surgic treatments (e.g., splint, exercise, splint). The studies were of low to very low quality. There is only poor quality data to suggest that there is no evidence that one type of ultrasound is more efficient than any other. There was no clear evidence that there was a difference in the short- or long-term symptom improvement of people with CTS. There were no reports of side-effects. More research is needed to confirm the safety of ultrasound for CTS, but there is only a small number of studies.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastat, simvastatin (a statin), clofibrate (a drug that blocks the growth of clots), conjugate (an oestrogen), and conjugated (a hormone). We found that statin treatment had a small effect on the risk of stroke recurrences in people with a history (up to three years) of stroke or TIA. There was no evidence that statins reduced the risk that the stroke recurrence occurred. There is evidence that there is a small benefit from statin therapy in patients with a previous history of stroke. There were no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later.
This review of trials found that comprehensive tobacco control programmes, which include mass-market media campaigns, can be effective in changing people's smoking habits. There is some good-practice research in the field, but the evidence is of mixed quality. There are a number of reasons why this is so. The most common are that the campaigns are of poor quality, they are of short-term, and they are not of high quality. The studies that we found were of poor or unclear quality. We found that there is some evidence that mass- media campaigns can be used to change people’s smoking habits, but they are often of poor- or unclear- quality. They may be of short term, but there is a lot of evidence that they can be of long-term use.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances when compared with no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared to psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, sleep disturbances or anxiety in the short term. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercise. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate for yoga versus no therapy and very low for yoga compared with psychosomatic interventions. The results of the review suggest that yoga might be an effective supportive intervention for improving health- related quality oflife and reducing fatigue and night-time sleep disturbances, as a supportive intervention when compared against no therapy. However, the quality of evidence was very low or low for other outcomes. The included studies did not adequately report safety-related data. The overall quality of this evidence was low or very low. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of studies.
We searched for evidence on the effectiveness of different imaging strategies in glioma. We found one study that compared early post-operative brain scans (up to 48 hours after surgery) with no early postoperative brain scans. This study included 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics in the two groups were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early brain scans with respect to survival at one year after diagnosis of gliomas and at two years after diagnosis. No other review outcomes were reported. We did not find any evidence on whether other imaging strategies are effective. In addition, we found no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategy. The effect of different timing strategies on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in glooma seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based. The limited evidence suggesting that early postoperatively-scanned brain scans among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment may make little or little difference to survival needs to be further researched, particularly as early post operative brain scans also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. Mathematical modelling of a large gliome patient database could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of gloomas, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other prognostic factors. In particular, paediatric gliomatosis study designs could be used to inform future research of imaging strategies among adults with gliomet.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine in terms of improvement in global state, but there was a small number of people with parkinsonism who were treated with metiAPine. There were no data on the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiabine fails to provide high-quality trial based data. However, the need to determine whether metiapaine is more or less effective than chlorpromamide seems to be lacking in clinical relevance and future research on this comparison seems unlikely.
This review of trials found that nitro-imidazole antibiotics, mesalamine, azathioprine/6-MP and infliximab all appear to be effective in the treatment of post-operative Crohn's disease. The use of nitroimid AZM and mesalamines was associated with a significantly reduced risk of clinical and endoscopic recurrence when compared to placebo. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious adverse events. Azathiopride/6MP was also associated with significantly reduced clinical recurrence and severe endoscopic re-growth when compared with placebo. There was no significant difference between mesalaminamine and azathyprine/sixMP for any other outcome. There were insufficient trials of inflixIMab, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 to draw conclusions.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 785 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. Comparison 1: cognitive and coping skills programs versus twelve- step programmes (one trial, 41 participants) There was no significant difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol abstinence assessed with Substance Abuse Calendar and breathalyser at one year: risk ratio (RR) 2.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.10 to 55.06); and retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment: RR 0.89 (95%, CI 0.62 to 1.29), or for any of the secondary outcomes reported. The quality of evidence for the primary outcome was very low. Comparison 2: brief intervention versus treatment as usual (three trials, 197 participants) The quality was low for both the primary and secondary outcomes (participants' alcohol use, alcohol use at three months, and retention rate at three-month, measured by the Addiction Severity Index-alcohol score (ASI) at two months). There was also no significant differences between groups in the other primary outcome, retention in the treatment program, or for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. The evidence for retention in drug use at end-of-treatment was low. The data were not available for retention of alcohol use or retention in other outcomes. Comparison 3: motivational interviewing versus treatment only or educational intervention only (three trial, 462 participants) No significant difference was found between groups (alcohol use, scores on the Addiction Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) or the Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) at three month, or
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) that looked at the effects of quinine for muscle cramp. We found 23 trials with 1586 people. Fifty-eight per cent of these people were from five unpublished studies. The trials compared quinaine to a dummy pill (20 trials), placebo (20 studies), theophylline (one trial), quinines (three trials), a quinane and theophylli (three), a vitamin E (three) and a quineine and theophosphamide (one) (three); and xylocaine (one). We found no new trials for this review when we searched for them in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials was varied. All 23 trials claim to be randomised, but a small number of them describe how they were carried out. The most common quinne dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The most commonly used quinidine dosage was 200 to 300 mg daily. The evidence is current to September 2014. Compared to placebo, quinline significantly reduced cramps over two weeks by 28%, cramps intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. Cramp duration was not significantly affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor adverse events on quinace than placebo (mainly gastrointestinal symptoms). Overdoses of quine have been reported elsewhere to cause potentially fatal adverse effects, but in the included trials there was no significant difference in major adverse events compared with placebo (death, serious adverse events, or bleeding). One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in the size 0.12% risk) on quine. A quininine-vitamin E combination, vitamin E alone, and xlyocaine injections into gastrocnemius were not significantly different to quinate across all
We found seven trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals amongst whom 118 cross-over (in which people were assigned to one of two or three groups) were added to the studies. Three trials enrolled women (202) with leg cramps and four trials (322) enrolled idiopathic cramps (in whom the cramps were thought to be from a muscle problem). The trials were of mixed quality. For idiopatic leg cramp (large, older people who have nocturnal muscle cramps) we found that the difference in the number of cramps per week was small, not significant, and the results were not consistent. The number of people reporting a 25% or more decrease in cramps was no better or worse in the group taking oral or intravenous calcium channel blockers (magnetoside). The number people reporting an 8% or better decrease in their cramps rate was no higher in the calcium-channel blockers group (8%) than in the control (6%). The two trials that found no benefit on cramps frequency or intensity were not very different. The two studies that found some benefit on both cramps duration (moderate and low) were not of high enough quality. We could not tell from the studies how many people had side-effects. We found no trials of pregnancy cramps. We did not find any trials of other muscle cramp-related conditions (elevating blood pressure, muscle pain, or disease state). We found that calcium-chain blockers do not seem to be helpful for people with muscle cramping. We are uncertain whether calcium-block is helpful for those with muscle pain due to a muscle injury. We rated the quality of the studies as being of low or very low.
We searched for studies that compared combined strength and aerobic exercise training with no training. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found one study that compared a six-month home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program with usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was conducted in the USA. The participants were followed up for six months. The results of the study were not conclusive. The training program did not improve walking distance or quality of life. The exercise training program had no effect on fatigue or quality-of-life. The quality of the evidence was very low. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very limited because of study limitations and imprecision. The trial did not assess the effects of physical exercise training on physical activity levels. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. It is uncertain whether combined strength or aerobic exercise treatment is beneficial or harmful in people with spinal cord injury. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people who have spinal cord injuries and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
We found two small trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy, immobilization, or both. One trial (81 patients with cervical radiculopathies) found that surgery was better than physiotherapists (elevator support) or cervilators (cervical collar immobilizing) in the short- term (up to one year) for pain, weakness or sensory loss. However, there were no significant differences between groups at one year. One study (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelopathy) found no significant differences in pain relief between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. A substantial proportion of cases were lost to follow-up. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculaopathy or myelopathies. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
This review of nine studies found that telephone consultation by different health care workers, such as nurses or health assistants, may have a positive effect on the use of service. Telephone consultation may reduce the need for GP's to make out-of-hours visits and the need to make telephone calls. Telephone triage, which is the use and disposal of calls, may also have a negative impact. Telephone services should be used in a way that is safe, which means that the health care system is not affected. Telephone should be the only form of consultation that is used to assess the need, and should be provided with the most detail and detail.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants. The evidence was current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Germany, France, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, New South Wales, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newyork, New Glasgow, New North Wales, South Wales and the UK. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for all outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared interventions to improve inhaler technique with no treatment. We included studies that looked at the effect of any type of training, such as face to-face or multidirectional training, or that used a variety (e.g., DVD, computer app or game) of inhaler training. We found 29 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We considered most of the evidence to be of low or unclear quality. Most studies were at low or uncertain risk of bias, which means that we are not sure how the results would be calculated. We were able to combine the results of three studies, which showed that people who had an enhanced face to face training with a multidioded inhaler session and multi-media-delivered inhaler treatment improved their inhaler techniques. However, the studies were too different from each other to be sure that this result would be valid. We also found that people with asthma who had multi- media-delivering inhaler therapy improved their technique more than people who received face-to-face training alone. We could not tell whether this was important for people with more severe asthma. We did find that people in the multi-medialysis group improved more than those in the control group. We are uncertain whether multi-modialysis training is beneficial for adults. We do know that multi-digital inhaler technology is useful for adults, but we are uncertain about its effect on children. We have no information about harms. We rated the quality of the studies as low or moderate for most outcomes. This means that our confidence in the results is limited. We judged the quality to be low for most of our results.
This review of three small trials, involving 226 participants, found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of mannitol in the routine treatment of people with stroke. The trials were too small to be sure that mannitor is effective. The change in symptoms was not reported in two of the three trials, and the proportion of those with a worsening (or not improving) or not improving (or both) condition did not change between the mannitors and the control groups. The trial of ischaemic (stroke that starts with a stroke that starts in the brain) stroke did not show a difference in the number of deaths or dependency. The evidence for the effect of manitol on the death and dependency of people who have had a stroke was not found. The effect of the manitol treatment on the number and duration (time to death) of the stroke was also not found in the three small trial. The overall results of the trials were not consistent. The results of this review are not enough to support or refute the use mannolar in the treatment of stroke.
This review of six trials found that D-penicillamine appears to be effective in improving the disease activity of rheumatoid rheumatoid patients. Its effects are not clear on long-term function, radiology and adverse events.
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of the three studies were compared to a control group that was not given any treatment. The fourth study used the decoce of Huangqi compound decoctions in addition to a different Chinese herb decoletive. None of the studies reported on the effects of the decosyllabic herbs on the cancer-related side effects. There was a reduction in the proportion of patients who had side-effects such as nausea & nausea, nausea, and vomiting, when decolets of Huangchi compounds were given in addition chemotherapy. There were also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count) (low blood cell counts). Huangqi decocts were also associated with increases in the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3, CD4 and CD8. Huangqi drugs had no significant effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. Despite the included studies being of low-quality, the results suggest that decoications of Huang Qi compounds may stimulate immunocompetent cells and decrease side effects in patients treated with chemotherapy, but there is no robust demonstration of benefit. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs. We need high-quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects on side effects of Chinese herbal interventions, particularly Astragalus spp., as in Huangqi.
We searched for studies that compared vitamin A and/or DHA with vitamin B or placebo in people with RP. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our inclusion criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 people with a mean age of four to 55.5 years. One trial evaluated the effect of taking vitamin B and D HA on the progression of visual field loss, one trial compared D HA with vitamin A alone, and one trial evaluated DHA and vitamin A versus vitamin A only. None of the trials reported the primary outcome, mean change of visual fields at one year, so we could not combine the results of these three trials. No adverse effects were reported in these three studies. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin A or DHA on the development of visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any of the other trials. Based on the results from three RCTs, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin C and/ or D HA for people with retinal degeneration in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG amplitude at one-year follow-up. In future RCTS, since some of the studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue. Future trials should take into account the changes observed in ERGs and other outcome measures from trials included in this study, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure adequate power to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 people at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had inflammatory rheumatoid arthropy, most with rheumatoid arthritic pain. The trials aimed to prevent job loss and work absenteement by a range of ways: first, by assessing work change or adaptations, and second, by giving any type of person-directed interventions, such as advice or training. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour to six- to eight one to two-hour sessions over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months. All participants were recruited through rheumaticology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. Included trials investigated job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning. We found very low quality evidence that job loss prevention interventions have an effect on job loss (two RCTs; 382 participants), work absenteeist and work function. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low-quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the two RCTS investigating job loss the larger one (n = 242 participants) reported a large reduction in job loss in both groups and the other RCT (n= 140) reported similar effects in both the larger and the smaller one. The latter one probably suffered from bias and we judged it to have a high risk of bias. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up. Finally, in the same small trial (n of 382 workers) there was a moderate improvement of intermediate term work functioning (six months) in intermediate term workers. We identified no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. This Cochrane review of three RCT was based on very low to moderate quality evidence. We judged the quality
We searched for studies that compared the effects of giving arginine to pre term infants who were born before 37 to 36 weeks' gestation (before the first trimester) to prevent NEC. We found three studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginines and 140 received placebo) from three countries. The evidence is current to August 2015. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC (any stage) among preterm neonates in the arginaine group compared with the placebo group and rated the quality of evidence as moderate. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of development of the NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%) and NEC stage 2 (RR 1.13, 95%) in the ARG group compared to the control group. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the arkinine and control or no treatment groups. Mortalities due to NEC were not significantly reduced between the ARginine and placebo groups. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. Investigators noted no significant side effects directly attributable to arginin, including hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed.
We found four trials involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus a dummy drug (placebo), no treatment, or a placebo (a pretend drug). The trials lasted 15 or 21 days. The rates for loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. The trials showed that people receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or complete relief of their sinus symptoms than those given a fake drug. In the higher dose group, mmetasone- fureate 400 µg was more likely than 200 µg. No major side-effects were reported. The quality of the trials was high. The evidence is limited for the acute sinuitis of acute sinuses, which is confirmed by radiology or endoscopies.
This review of trials found that giving low doses of the antibiotic vancomycin to pre term babies with low birthweight babies (at birth) to prevent sepsis (sepsis) in the newborns reduces the risk. There was not enough evidence to know if the low dose of vancoma-prophylactic antibiotics prevented the babies from being born with resistant organisms.
We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore not enough to be sure that the choice of dressings or other treatments for wounds healing by second-wound care is influenced. We found that a single small trial of aloe vinca supplements versus gauze suggests that the wound may heal more slowly, but the results of this trial are uninterpretable. There were no differences in the length of time that the wounds took to heal for the other dressings (e.g., gauze, foam). There was some evidence that gauze was more painful for people with ulcers than the other dressing treatments. There was no evidence that foam was more effective in terms of pain relief, patient comfort or nursing-time. There is no clear evidence that the use of foam is better than gauze for ulcers.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared different methods of birth-stopping pills, birth-pills, and birth-delivery systems. The trials were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s. They included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. The evidence was limited for any particular method. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. For breastfeeding duration two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG-iUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group but no significant difference at one year. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. One trial did not measure this. For infant growth, three trials that assessed infant growth indicated no significant differences. One showed greater weight gain in the eonogestre implant group versus no method but less versus DMPA. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater growth gain (grams) for the esonogestran implant group compared to no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. The others studied POPs, COCs versus POPs or an LNG. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COC or POPs. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data. Five trials indicated no difference between groups in breastfeeding time (eton
We found 10 studies that compared red-light cameras with no cameras. The studies were conducted in Australia, Singapore and the USA. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for the effect of red-litter on the road. We found that red-camera use was effective in reducing the number of total crashes, right-lart crashes, red-lap crashes, and red-low-lumen crashes. The evidence is less clear on the number and type of red light crashes, where the reduction could be due to chance. Most of the studies did, in fact, not adjust for the effects of red lights on the roads. The results of this review are not conclusive on the effects on the risk of red car crashes, traffic-crushing injuries, and traffic-rushing red- light crashes.
This review identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of patients who had reached a level of INR (in the blood) of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of treatment. One of these three studies showed that a 10-mg warfarin-nomogram-guided warfarine loading dose (10 mg) was more likely than 5 mg (5 mg) to be effective in achieving a level 2.5 to 3 to 3 on the first day of therapy. One study showed that 5 mg was more effective than 10 mg in achieving an INR of 2 to 3 in patients with VTE. One trial showed that in patients who were admitted to hospital with VTC, a 5-mg loading dose was more successful than a 10 mg loading dose in achieving INR 2.3 to 3 days after starting treatment. No difference was observed in the number of patients with major bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of hospital stay. No significant difference was seen in the occurrence of recurrent venous thromboembolism at 90 days when the warfarins of 10 mg and 5 mg were compared. In patients with acute thrombotic thrombinopathy (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, considerable uncertainty surrounds the use of a 10 or a 5 mg loading doses for initiation of warfaren to achieve an INT of 2-3.0. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding optimal warfaran initiation nomograms.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model (providing care at home and in the hospital) with the usual care. One trial also looked at a geriatric-led care in-patient and in-home care. The trials were of low or low quality. None of the trials were designed to address the needs of people with dementia, and the data were from sub groups (the 'dissent groups') of people who had been in the trials. We found that some of the models of enhanced care and care may be effective in preventing delirium and length-of-stay in the short- and long- term for people with a hip fracture. There was low-certainty that these models may reduce the risk of delirulation and some other adverse events. There were no data from the trials on health- related health-based quality of life. We were not able, therefore, to draw any conclusions on the effects of these models of treatment on daily living or functional performance. We rated the certainty of the evidence for all of the results as low, meaning we are very unsure of the findings. We downgraded the certainty to low or very low for all the results. We judged the certainty for most of the outcomes to be low, which means we are less certain of the result. We thought that the trials had some design flaws, which could have led to the results being biased. We also thought that some results were imprecise, which meant we were very unsure.
We searched for studies that compared home-based nursing services with home care for children with acute and long-term illness. We found seven studies with 840 children. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The children were aged from one month to 18 years. The interventions were different and included home-centred care, home-delivered care, and home-supervised care. The results of the studies did not provide supporting evidence for a reduction in access to hospital services or a reduction on hospital readmission rates. However, the only summary finding across a few studies was that there is a significant decrease in length of hospitalisation. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home-home care. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long term costs.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 40 studies that compared ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. The evidence is current to February 2016. The studies included 7524 people with severe mental illness. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The results showed that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and may improve social functioning. It also may reduce adverse events and the number leaving the study early. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for the outcomes adverse events, social functioning, and death by suicide. The overall quality of evidence was very low to moderate for the outcome service use. The main limitations of the included studies were poor reporting of study methods and a lack of information about the types of people who were included in the studies. The review found that ICm is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with mental illness, including reducing the number and severity of hospitalisations, and improving social functioning and adverse events. However, the quality of this evidence is very low. The most important finding is that ICMs are more likely to be successful than non- ICMs in reducing the time spent in the hospital and improving the quality and quantity of care.
This review of trials found that box model training improves technical skills in trainee laparoscopists who have not had any prior laparoscope-related laparoscopic experience. The training is performed in a group of trainee trainee surgeons who are not already competent to perform the procedure. The trainee is then compared with a group who are competent to do the same task. The results of this review are threatened by the risk of bias (risk of overestimating the benefits of the training) and by the play (play) of chance (play). The results from this review show that box models of laparostomy are more likely to be completed in less time when they are used to train the trainee. The time spent on the task was shorter in the box models than in the no-training group. The impact of this on the time spent by trainee and healthcare funders in terms of improved patient care or decreased costs is not known. There was no difference in the time to complete the task in the other three comparisons (reinforced alignment (re alignment) box training, suturing box training (sutting) box trainer sutting), and single incision box model trainee versus multiport (multiport) box model (multisecture) trainee). The only trial that reported the accuracy score found that the trainor had better performance with Z-maze (Z-mazed) box (ZMaze) box trained laparotomy than with U (Maze). None of the other outcomes were reported. None of these other outcomes, such as death and morbidity, were reported in the trials. The review found that there was no evidence that box training was more effective than no training. The quality of the trials was low. The trials were at high risk (risk) of bias. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2014.
This review found two randomised clinical trials that compared the use of per oral glucocorticoids with each of the other two treatments. One trial (17 patients), which was funded by the manufacturer, found that per oral corticostoids tended to increase adverse events (pancreatitis, cholangitis with septicaemia, paranoid ideas, fluid retention) and had no cholanographic improvement. The other trial (18 patients) compared budesonide with prednisone and found that patients had higher serum bilirubin concentrations after treatment with prednnisone compared with budesonid. No other statistically significant effects on clinical or biochemical outcomes were reported on any of the evaluated interventions. There is no evidence to support or refute peroral glucococortics for patients with primary sclerosing cholenitis.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards a trend for better survival and a trend in favouring the early feeding of people with acute myelosuppressive disease. The review found no data on death. Further trials are needed. These trials should be large and should report not just the effects of early feeding on survival and quality- of- life, but on death, and should also report on the effect on the effects on the person's ability to walk, eat, and drink.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and used a range (from 1-16) of different types of digital interventions. The evidence is current to September 2015. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% confidence interval (CI) 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) demonstrated that people who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls (moderate quality evidence), 15 studies (3587 participants) showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control participants (moderate evidence), and in 15 studies with 9791 participants (9791 people) participants drank one unit per occasion less than no control participants at end-of-study follow up. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at end. The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital intervention to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. The results of the studies were not consistent across studies. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of alcohol consumption, behaviour substitution and problem solving, and low for the outcome of behaviour replacement, problem-solving and credible sources of information. The main sources of bias were from attrition and participant blinding (36% and 21% of studies respectively, high risk of bias). The main outcomes were the effect of digital alcohol interventions on alcohol consumption. The effect of the interventions on the amount of alcohol consumed and the quality of evidence was low for behaviour substitution. The effects of digital programmes on alcohol intake were not clearly different from
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants. The studies compared benzodiazepines with placebo (a pretend treatment). The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The participants were adults with panic disorder who were diagnosed with panic disorders and were randomly assigned to receive either benzodiazapine or placebo. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that benzodizapine may be better than placebo for the short-term treatment of panic disorders. The dropout rate was lower among participants treated with benzoduzapine. The number of participants who responded to treatment was lower with benzidiazepines than with placebo. However, the number of people who dropped out of the studies due to side effects was higher with benzdiazepines. The quality of the evidence was low for both efficacy and acceptability. The possible advantage of benzodazapine was also seen for remission and social functioning, both with low-quality evidence. We assessed the evidence for the other outcomes as of very low quality. With the exception of the analyses of the change score data for depression and social function, all secondary outcome analyses showed an effect in favour of benzdiazapines compared to placebo. We judged the quality of evidence for these outcomes as low. The included studies were only short-lived and did not examine the long-term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzidiazapins versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. Furthermore, the clinician's choice is not between benzodazine and placebo, but between benzidazine and other agents, both in terms of efficacy and side effects. The choice of treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-time perspective.
We found 13 studies that recruited a total of 1520 participants. Seven studies recruited a group of 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited 903 people with high blood pressure, the remaining studies recruited people with low blood pressure or high bloodpressure, people at high- risk of falls, and people with a history of heart disease. The studies were of short term (one year) and of varying duration. The results of the studies were not consistent. There was some suggestion of a possible effect of tai-chi-chun (tai-kung) on CVD risk factors, but the results were not similar across the studies. There were no deaths from any cause, all- cause deaths, or non-fate deaths. There is no clear evidence of a difference in the risk of CVD in the tai chi group. There are three ongoing studies. We are not sure if tai Chi is effective in the treatment of CUD risk factors. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The included studies were small and at some risk of bias. The evidence is up to date to January 2015.
We found 27 studies that tested family-based interventions to prevent children and adolescents from starting to smoke. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Twenty-three studies were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based programmes provided to all participants. These two groups of studies were considered separately. The quality of the evidence was moderate for most outcomes. There was moderate quality evidence that family-related interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a control group receiving no intervention. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to control groups receiving no treatment. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. The evidence is therefore strongest for high intensity family interventions used independently of school interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Based on this moderate quality of evidence a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because we could not include data from all studies. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. The overall quality of studies was moderate.
We found three studies that compared corticosteroids to placebo (a pretend drug) or to a number of other drugs, in 451 adult cancer patients. The studies were of low quality. Two studies compared dexamethasone to a dummy drug (dexamethase), and the third study used a number more drugs, but the results were not consistent. The trials were too small to be sure that the effects of corticostoids on nausea and vomiting were similar. Corticosteroid therapy with dexametramide resulted in less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10, with a lower score indicating less nausea) compared to placebo at eight days, although this result was not statistically significant. The frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups, and the interventions were well tolerated. The quality of this evidence was downgraded from high to very low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies.
We included 10 studies in this review. Three studies included HIV-infected children, four cystic fibrosis children and one each sickle cell disease, cancer and low birth weight babies. The studies lasted from seven days to three years. The evidence is current to September 2015. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection, cystic disease and cancer was moderate. There was no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events with antibiotics. There were no significant differences in the incidence of pulmonary tuberculosis in children with lung disease. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether antibiotics prevent pneumonia in children who have lung disease or have underlying respiratory disorders. There are no significant effects on quality of life. There may be an increased risk of infection with pathogenic strains of bacteria with either azithromycin or ciprofloxacin. There appears to be no evidence of increased antibiotic resistance. There appeared to be a reduction in the number of children who had to be admitted to hospital for pneumonia. There seems to be little or no difference in the rate of adverse effects with antibiotics for certain antibiotic-related lung diseases. There appear to be few adverse events in children receiving antibiotics for lung diseases and there is no evidence that antibiotics are associated with increased antibiotic-resistant bacteria. There does not appear to have been any significant differences between children receiving different antibiotics for different lung diseases or different types of cancer. There has been no evidence to suggest that antibiotics prevent growth or development of pathogenic bacteria. The effect of antibiotic prophylaxis on growth in children has been inconsistent across the studies.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 519 participants. The trials compared different gases (i.e. nitrous oxide, helium, argon, and room air) with each other or with standard pressure pneumoperitoneum. The evidence is current up to May 2018. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous or carbon dioxide pneumoperitonum (100 participants) or carbon or helium pneumoperotonum (96 participants). None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants), or surgical complications (very low quality of evidence), or on surgical morbidity (verylow quality of the evidence). There were no serious adverse events related to either nitrous nor carbon dioxide. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) with nitrous (or both) and carbon (or neither) pneumopertonum at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low. Four trials randomising participants to helium or carbon (69 participants) and 75 participants, respectively, and one trial involving 33 participants did not state the number of participants in each group. None of these trials was of low risk. There were insufficient evidence for any of the outcomes. There is no evidence to show that nitrous, helium or room air pneumoperonum reduces hospital costs or reduces pain during the first day after surgery. One trial randomised people to room air or carbon air (70 participants) (70 people) or room (76 people) compared with carbon air. The trial was at unclear risk of biased. There are no cardiopulation complications or serious adverse event observed related to room or carbon. The safety of nitric oxide, carbon
This review identified 14 studies investigating the effects of the following the initiation (or maintenance) of corticostimulant drugs (dexamethasone) in pre term infants. Eight of the 14 studies were of high quality. The other eight were of low or very low quality. Fourteen of the trials were of moderate or low quality, and the other eight studies had small sample size. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that a moderate dose of dexamethaethasones given to preterm infants with a high risk of BPD was associated with an increased risk of developing BPD and abnormal development of the brain. The two trials investigating a high dose of cortica (high versus a moderate) showed no differences in outcomes between a moderate and a low dose of the drug. Four other trials investigating early initiation of dexaethaetin therapy compared with a moderately early or delayed initiation showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. The trial investigating a continuous versus a pulse dexametin regimen showed an increased rate of the combined outcome death or BPD when using the pulse therapy. Finally, two trials comparing a standard versus a participant-individualized course of dexasone showed no difference in the outcomes of death or brain injury and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher-dosage regimens on the incidence of B PD and neurodevelopment, recommendations on the optimal type of cortics, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation for the prevention of BDP in preterm babies cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large randomised controlled trial is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal corticosteroid dosage regimen.
This review of trials found that there was no evidence that any of the steroid drugs, corticostimulants, or intravenous immunoglobulins were effective in reducing heart valve lesions. The review authors found that the trials were of poor quality, and the results should be viewed with some degree of caution. New trials are needed.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachomatous funnels were less likely to be affected with this measure than no treatment. However, this was not confirmed in a more recent study. One of these two studies found that health care programmes, which used a small amount of water, did not show any reduction in trchoma. One study found that a simple health care programme with a small water supply did not reduce trchomatoma. There is some evidence from two trials, which use the use of an antiseptics (epsi) to reduce trChloride, that this is an effective way to reduce the number of trchomes. There was no clear evidence that the use (or lack) of latrines was an effective control. There were no trials that used latrins to reduce latrides. There are some concerns that the studies were not well conducted.
This review of fifteen studies (1043 participants) found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of tiredness at post-tiredness, and may be more effective in reduction of tired-ness than other treatments. The results of the studies were not consistent and the results were not conclusive. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effects of CBT alone or in conjunction with other treatments, and more studies are needed.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared vitamin D supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) in people with sickle cell disease. The study was conducted in the USA and involved 46 people with HbSS, HbSC, HBSβ+thal and HbSβ0thal. The participants were randomised to receive vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo for six weeks and were followed up to six months. The vitamin D group had significantly higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. The quality of the evidence was low for the vitamin D levels. The group receiving vitamin D had a lower health-related quality of life score than the placebo group but this was not significant at eight or 16 weeks. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, but again the quality of evidence was very low. The frequency of pain was reduced in the vitamin group but again, the quality was low. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin and placebo groups, but the quality and quantity of evidence were low. We considered the quality to be low for all outcomes. The evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplements (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines) and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D (eg. from the USA Institute of Medicine). Evidence of vitamin D in sickle cells is needed.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found only one study that recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) (a speech and language therapy). The study was conducted in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. The study compared the two interventions in a total of 26 children. The evidence is current to January 2017. The results of the study showed that, when delivered intensively, both NDP-3 and ReST may improve word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and the accuracy in connected speech. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP- 3 for accuracy of speech production on non-treatment words, and for accuracy in speech production of at least three word combinations. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were that only one small study was identified, and that the results were imprecise. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-2 and Re ST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children aged four to 12 with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Further studies are needed to strengthen the evidence base.
We searched for studies that compared antibiotic treatment to placebo (a fake medicine) or to no treatment. We found four studies that randomised 268 people. One study conducted in Brazil in adults and children in both adults (both adults and young people), and one in the UK (both people and young adults), in both people with and with toxoplasmosis, compared pyretramine-trisulphus (a drug used to treat inflammation of the retina) to placebo. The other three studies compared antibiotic to placebo, but the quality of the evidence was low or unclear. One of the studies in Brazil reported that all participants had active retinochoroiditis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomisation to trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole versus placebo. In the last study, all participants in the control group had active treatment for 12 months. The study in Brazil of trimethopsin-sulamethoxyacocol over 20 months reported that the severity of inflammation was higher in the comparator group when compared to the antibiotic-treated group but did not provide further details. The UK study of pyrimethamine for four weeks reported an improvement in intraocular inflammation in treated participants compared with control participants. In this study all participants received steroid treatment. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated people. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. There is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect. Further trials of people with acute and chronic toxoplasma retinoachoroidritis affecting any part of the eye are required to determine the effects of antibiotic treatment on visual outcomes and to assess the risk of recurrent toxoplasmal ret
We included 43 trials involving 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of surgical and later fracture of the femur, and an increase in reoperations. There were no major difference in wound infection, death, wound wound closure or medical complications. Five of the 10 trials (623 people) of nail and hip screw compared for trochteric fracture found no major evidence to show any difference in complications. Two of the two trials (124 people), which used a nail and nail plate, found a trend for less bone healing complications with the intramedullar nail. Two trials (65 people), using a nail, found that there was a trend to less bone fracture healing complications in the intra-abseil nail group than with the nail plate. The SHS was found to be more likely to be successful in the sub-absteil bone than the intrumedullary nail. The other nail and screw comparisons did not show a clear difference in post-operative complications, wound infection or medical outcomes. None of the trials (1491 people), of nail versus extramedulothorchic implant comparisons for trochanteric bone fractures, found any clear evidence to support the use of the SHS.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of pneumatic or surgical techniques to treat bowel obstructions. We found one trial that met our inclusion criteria. This trial included 47 women who were followed up for a minimum of six months after surgery. The trial compared palliative surgery with medical management with either a combination of chemotherapy and radiotherapy or with a combination with a drug called Octreotide. The evidence is current to September 2013. The study found that women who received surgery had significantly better survival than women who had medical management. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not recorded and adverse events were incompletely documented. We were unable to identify any sub-groups of women who would benefit from one treatment or the other. The quality of the evidence was low. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub- groups of women that are likely to benefit from either one treatment.
This review of four trials found that statins improved lipid profiles and reduced the levels of hormones (taken alone or in conjunction with the oral contraceptive pill) in a small group (244 women) of women with PCOS. There was no good-evidence that statin use improved menstrual regularity, the number of ovulation cycles, hirsutism (worsening of the hair) or acne. Statins did, on the other hand, improve blood lipids (such as triglyceride and high- density lipop protein), but there was no evidence that statine use was beneficial for the number or type of hirsuts. There were no major side-effects of statins.
We searched for studies of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. We found no new studies since the last version of this review, so we found no further studies. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies. There is no clear evidence from these single-arms studies to show that pneuma-breathe packs, radiotherapies, or radiotherapeutic radiotheraps are better than radiotherapist-based treatments for controlling bleeding. Radiotherapists should be given the choice of pneum-breath treatment for controlling the bleeding of the cervx. Radiation is a safe, effective and effective treatment for women with cancer. Radiological studies are not readily available. We need a large, well-conducted randomised trial to assess pneumatoid arthritis-related pneumatic bleeding.
This review of trials found that, compared to radiotherapy alone, temozolamide prolongs the time to disease-free and slow the cancer growth and may have a positive effect on QoL. It does not seem to have an effect on quality- of- life. In the older, it may have delayed the cancer from spreading and may improve QoLS but there is a risk of early side-effects.
We found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of contracting- in the district health system. One study conducted in the Cambody region of Cambodia found that private contracts with non-profit groups (NGOs), which are non-government organizations (NOCs), may improve health care use. The other found that training in-service health care workers (in-house health workers) in the use of public health services (in the form of training) may improve district health systems managers’ health care access. In three countries (three countries in the Latin American region) managers who did not receive the intermittent training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions for retaining district health workers have been identified. There is low quality evidence that contracting-in may improve access to health care and that intermittent training of health care managers may improve their performance. More evidence is needed before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness and safety of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. There was no description of concealment of the randomization sequence in two studies. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two of the studies. There were no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of intensive care unit stay. Duration of mechanical support, length of stay in the intensive care department, and hospital stay were measured in the three studies. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. There is some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, heart deformity and tracheastomy, and duration of intensive-care unit stay, and the length of ICU stay. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We included 50 trials (19 randomised controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) in this review. The trials included 12,877 participants who had their LDL (bad cholesterol) measured. The participants were of all age with and with or not heart disease. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The average age of the participants was between 65 and 77 years. The duration of the trials ranged from three to 12 weeks. The evidence is current to January 2015. The results of the review showed that cerivastatin was about 250-fold more potent than fluvastatin, 20-fold stronger than atorvastin and 5.5-fold better than rosuvastarin in reducing LDL cholesterol, and 233-fold greater potency than fluviaastatin. The effect of cerivASTatin on total cholesterol, total cholesterol and triglycerides was linear over the commonly prescribed dose range. The effects of cervastatine on HDL cholesterol were not clearly different between the different doses of ceravastatin used in the trials. The quality of the evidence was high for the effects of the drug on LDL cholesterol and total cholesterol. The certainty of evidence for the effect of the drugs on HDL was high. The risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse effects was low. The number of participants withdrawing from the trials due to side effects was not different between cerivastsatin and placebo in 11 of the 19 short-term trials.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The evidence was current to May 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation did not reduce the risk of kidney injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery. It probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving remote iscaemic precontitioning. It is uncertain whether remote ischchaemic pre-operative preconditionsing by iliac cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote ischemic preconditional precondititioning in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in the acute phase of surgery in which the kidneys are damaged. The quality of the included studies was moderate to high. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of patients.
We included 12 trials with 703 participants. Eight trials (888 participants), including people with stroke, primarily investigated the efficacy of treatments for PSF. Six trials (734 participants) investigated the effectiveness of treatments to treat fatigue. The trials were small and varied in design, and some had a high risk of bias. The results of these trials were not consistent. Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy and safety of any of the interventions described. Some of the treatments described were feasible in people with a stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in larger studies with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We found three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 preterm infants. The trials were very small with only a total of 74 pre term infants enrolled. The intervention and the outcome assessments were not blinded to the clinical staff. The studies were conducted in the 1990s and included only infants with low blood pressure. The combination of insulin and glucose inhalation was found to be superior to the use of rectal cation-resin for hyperkalaemia in preterm babies. The use of insulin inhalation did not result in any significant reduction in the risk of death or other clinical outcomes. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of the insulin and sugar inhalation or the albuterol inhalation. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions for non-oliguric hyperkalemia (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested in randomised trials. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This review found that IVIg given within two weeks of onset of disease hastens the onset of recovery as much as PE. There were no significant benefits of IVIG for people with milder forms of MS. However, IVIIg is more likely to be completed than PE. In children, IVIs given within a few days of onset hastens recovery as fast as PE, but there is no evidence that IVIs are more effective than PE in people with more severe forms of the disease. There is moderate quality evidence that, in severe disease, IVUs given within one week of onset accelerate recovery as quickly as PE in children. There are no adequate comparisons of IVIs with placebo in adults, but this review provides moderate quality information that IVUs started within two week from onset hasten recovery as speedily as PE after PE. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) in this review. In the 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 patients were randomised (7.5%) to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high percentage of inspired air was not associated with death from any cause within the longest follow-up and within 30 days of follow- up. Similarly, when all trials were included, a higher fraction of inspiration was not linked to death from all causes within the most recent follow-ups. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. Similarly in trials with a high proportion of inspired blood oxygen, a similar effect was observed. A high fraction was not related to respiratory insufficiency, serious adverse events or length of stay. In subgroup analyses of nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, a large fraction of guided oxygen was associated with a decrease in surgical site infections. A similar effect of a high percent of inspired water was observed in the five trials adequately blinded for the outcome assessment. We did not observe an effect of high fraction inspired oxygen on surgical site infection in any other subgroup analysis. As the risk of adverse events, including mortality, may be increased by a fraction of 60% or higher, and as robust evidence is lacking for a beneficial effect of 60 percent or higher on surgical sites infection, our overall results suggest that evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of a fraction in a high amount of inspired breath during anaesthesia and surgery. Given the risk to bias in the included in the trials, and the risk that the results may be biased, further randomized clinical studies with low risk and long-term follow-UP are warranted.
We searched for evidence on 25 trials (3663 children) comparing oral antibiotics with no treatment in children up to 16 years of age with OME. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that oral antibiotics are associated with an increased chance of complete resolution of OME at various time points, but also with more side effects such as diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash. We also found evidence that children treated with oral antibiotics were more likely to experience diarrhoeas, vomiting or skin rash than those not receiving oral antibiotics. We did not find evidence that oral antibiotic treatment was associated with a decrease in the need for a ventilation tube insertion or in the occurrence of ear infections. We could not find any evidence that antibiotics were associated with any other important outcomes such as speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. We assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for the primary outcome of complete OME resolution at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) and low for the secondary outcome of Ome resolution at any time point. We rated the quality as moderate for both outcomes. We considered the quality and quantity of evidence for the other outcomes as low to very low. The main limitation of the review was that we could not combine the results of different studies, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are similar.
We found twelve studies that compared a low protein diet with a control diet. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure, but not statistically significant so. The level of protein in the diet varied from 0.7 to 1.1 g/kg/d. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health- related health-related quality-life and costs. We conclude that LPD diets may slow the rate of kidney failure but the level of compliance with the diet is unclear. We suggest that LDPs be used in a six-month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality, and seven were of lower quality. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that people with moderate to severe brain injury who were already in rehabilitation were more likely to recover from their injury when they received formal treatment, and that commencing rehabilitation early after injury was supported by strong evidence. For people with mild brain injury, who were admitted to hospital with mild injury, those with moderate- to severe-type brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate or severe brain injuries benefit from routine follow- up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Intensive rehabilitation appears to lead to earlier recovery, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness of intensive rehabilitation has yet to be determined. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment where they are compared to a group of individuals who are also facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychology rehabilitation following severe brain damage. Not all questions in rehabilitation can either be answered by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies conducted in the contexts of routine clinical practice.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) that compared rooming-in versus separate care. The trial compared roomed-in care with separate care and compared the number of infants that received exclusive breastfeeding on the day after birth (the first day after the baby is born) with the number that received any breastfeeding at six months of age. The study was conducted in the USA and involved women who were breastfeeding their babies at home. The women were followed up for between one and six months. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in versus separate treatment for mother-infant separation. The quality of the evidence was low. The main outcomes were duration of any breastfeeding, frequency of breastfeeds per day, and the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding. The difference between the two groups was not significant. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was higher in the rooming group (86% versus 45%) compared with the separate care group (17% versus 17%). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. We found no difference found between the groups in the proportion that received either full mother-in or partial mother-child separation. We concluded that there is no evidence that rooming is better than separate care for mother and baby separation. Further well-designed randomised trials are needed to investigate full mother and infant rooming and separate care including all important outcomes.
This review of trials found that sanchi may be beneficial and safe for acute stroke, but the small sample and poor quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised trials are needed.
This review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to determine the best time for implant implantation. There is a suggestion that implantation of implants just after teeth have been extracted is more likely to fail and be more prone to complications. There are no clear advantages or advantages of either anointing of the teeth with bone grafts or of adding bone to the implant.
We found two trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for us to use. The second trial compared PBT2 with placebo (PBRT) in 78 patients. The results of the two trials were not consistent. There was no significant difference in cognition between the two groups. One participant in the active treatment group had visual problems (impaftness) which were probably due to the drug. There were no significant effects on cognition on the Mini-Mentor State Examination (MMSE), or the ADS -Cog scale. There is no evidence as to how cliocinol affects cognition, or if it is safe. The planned phase II of PBT1 has been stopped. The other trial of PBR2 compared PBRT2 with a placebo in 78 participants with mild dementia. The trial showed that PBT was well tolerated and had a favourable safety profile. The trials were too small to show whether cliobinol is beneficial or harmful for people with Alzheimer's disease. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate cognitive efficacy.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all cause) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long-term as 12. Two trials specifically included children. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH patients. The evidence is current to September 2015. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 patients with pulmonary hypertension. There was an increased risk of adverse events with PDE- inhibitors, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and muscle pain. There were no clear benefits for the use of PDE inhibitors in PH-left-heart disease. There is some evidence that PDE inhibitor treatment may improve lung function in PH patients with chronic thromboembolic disease. However, the quality of the evidence was low due to imprecision of effect and heterogeneity across trials. There are no clear effects of PTE inhibitors on mortality. There appears to be some benefit for the treatment of PH- left-heart patients, but it is not clear based on the evidence available from trials. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this clinical setting, and clinicians should consider the side-effect profile for each individual when choosing which PDE drug to prescribe. Further consideration should be given to the long-lasting effects of these drugs.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received anaesthesia for hand, wrist, arm or arm surgery. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. The trials compared multiple injections of nerve stimulation with single injections of the nerve stimulation technique. The quality of the evidence was high for the reduction in the failure of the anaesthesia to work, the time taken for the anaesthetic to work and the time to readiness for surgery. There was no difference between the two techniques in the number of patients who experienced pain, complications and patient discomfort. The time taken to perform the anaesthetist's procedure was shorter for single injections and double injections, but there was no significant difference in the time it took for the patient to be ready for surgery, the number or severity of pain, the need for additional anaesthesia or the time that the anaesthesiologist spent on the patient. The risk of bias in the trials was generally low. The review provides evidence that multiple-injection techniques using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single-inject techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety.
We found three studies that compared beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily with placebo (dummy) or non-steroid asthma treatment in a group (MDS) of boys and girls with mild-moderate to severe asthma. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. All three studies were of high quality. The average age of the children was 12.5 years and the average duration of the studies was 7-12 months. The mean age of children in the studies ranged from 5.5 to 12.7 years. The results of the review showed that beclometrichasone was associated with a decrease in growth of 1.54 cm per year in children with mild asthma. However, the studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in the growth rate is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. If inhaled corticosteroids are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's symptoms and closely following growth.
This review of three trials (139 patients) found that APD has not been shown to have any significant advantage over CAPD in terms of important clinical outcome. APD may be considered to be more convenient and cost-effectible in select groups, such as in the young PD population, those in the workplace and those in employment.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS) (i) (time to death) (0.76, 95% CI 0.66 to 0.89, P = 0.0004) and SM (0) (1.49, 95 % CI 0% CI 1.43 to 0%.05) and overall survival was better for early stages only.  CRT also seemed to be superior to CT in terms (i.e. early stages) of disease (i). However, CRT alone seems to cause more SM than RT.  The superiority of CRT in early stages (iIA) was also seen in advanced stages (III to IV) separately.  Data were insufficient to compare RT to CT.  EF-RT was superior in terms overall survival and SM but not OS.  However, EF- RT was associated with increased risk of SM.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy.  Reduced SM risk after IF-RT instead of EF-retractor treatment could not be demonstrated. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT (RCT) that compared two different opioids. Opioids (oral, transderm, and intrathecals) were given by mouth, transderm, or intrathectally. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The evidence is current to January 2015. Many patients discontinued long-lasting opioid therapy due to side effects (side effects include nausea and headache, and pain) or insufficient pain relief. Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI) 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%]; intrathecal: 8.9%, [CI] 4.0%) to 26.1%. Many participants experienced side effects, but serious side effects were rare. Many minor side effects occurred, but these were rare and were not serious. The quality of life of patients who continued taking opioids long-time was not reported. The results of the review were inconclusive due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. The review found that all three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Findings regarding quality of lives and functional status were inconclusively due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermatic and intrathlete administration studies.
We searched for evidence on the effectiveness of anabolic steroids in the treatment of pressure ulcers in adults. We found only one trial with 212 adults. The trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, orally) with a dose (injections of 98% starch and 2%) of an anactive drug (an active substance consisting 98%, 2%) that was not used in the study. The study was stopped early when the futile analysis (interim analysis), in the view of the study authors, found that oxandolone had no effect on ulcer healings. We are not sure if oxandolinone improves or reduces the complete heal of ulcers, as we are very low-certainty (downgraded) evidence. We were also very low certainty (downgrade) on the risk of side-effects (downgrading) of oxandrinone (down graded) due to the wide range (range) of the results (range (range 1-50) of our confidence in the results). We are uncertain whether oxandrole increases or decreases the risk for serious side-effect (downgrades) of serious side effects (range 2-50). We were very low confidence in our confidence (down downgrade) in the risk (range 3-85) of non-serious side- effects (down-graded) of participants treated with oxandolan compared with placebo (down grades 1-25) (down grade). We assessed the risk as low-quality evidence. The certainty of the evidence was downgraded due to imprecision and indirectness (downgradations) of results. The included trial authors did not report any other important outcomes such as pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. Overall the evidence in this study was of very low quality. There is no high quality evidence to support the use of anabol
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two trials to 'usual' care. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail. For both comparisons (email versus standard mail, email versus usual care and email versus care) there was a lack of evidence for patient or caregiver understanding and support. Results were inconclusive for patient and caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus 'usual care only', there was not significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of patient health status and well-being. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included trials were generally of poor quality. The results of this review are therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
This review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. Nine trials used post-Epley postural restrictions as their treatment. The addition of postural restriction to the Epley routine was found to be more effective than EpleY postural control in reducing the number of patients with BPPV. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for verthoe intensity, or for the outcome of subjective assessment. There were no reports of any adverse effects. There is not enough evidence to support the use of mastoid oscillation (a method of oscillating the head of the head) to add to Epleys, or of additional steps in an 'augmented' Epleya manoeuvre. There are no reports on adverse effects of mastoids being moved during the Eley manoeuvre, or the use additional steps of the ELEY manoeuvre in an Epleey manoeuvre that is not an ELEy manoeuvres alone. The Epleies are effective in just under 80% of patients, and the addition of the postural restrictor has a number needed to treat (NNT) of 10. The majority of patients are not exposed to risk of harm, and postural postural restricting does not pose a major inconvenience.
We found four studies that compared different types of surgery versus various types and dosage of steroids. The studies included a total of 231 adults. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there were no differences between the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies. There were no important differences between groups in either the patient-reported symptom scores or the health-related quality of life scores. There was no difference between groups for any objective measurements or olfactory tests. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The overall evidence is of very low quality. The main limitations of the studies were poor reporting of study methods, and the small number of participants in each study.
We included eight trials (709 participants) in this review. Seven trials were from Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, where zinc deficiency is a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified (non-fortifying) foods (1). Four trials (2) also looked at the effect on zinc-Fortified foods (3). The trials were of low or unclear quality. The interventions lasted one to nine months. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials did not report on zinc deficiency. The studies did not provide information about underweight or stunting. The addition of zinc to foods may increase the serum or plasma zinc levels, but the evidence was of low quality. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. The effects of fortifying foods with minerals in combination with other nutrients/factors on other outcomes including zinc deficiency, children’s growth, cognition, work capacity of adults, or on haematological indicators are unknown. Given the small number of trials and participants in each trial, further investigation of these outcomes is required.
We searched for evidence on 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) that compared the use of non-stimulants (such as antiandrogens) with castration (where the tumour is taken out of the body) for men with metastatic prostate cancer. We found 11 studies that involved 3060 men. We were able to combine the results of six of the 11 studies, which were of high quality. We did not find any studies that were of low or unclear quality. The results of the six studies that we combined showed that men with prostate cancer who were treated with non-sertraline-based drugs were less than twice as sure of survival (at 70 weeks) and were more than twice the same as those who were castrated (70-wee weeks) at one year. The evidence for the effect of nonsteroidal antiandrogen treatment on cancer-specific survival and on cancer progression was of moderate quality. Use of nonstimular antiandrogens also increased the risk of treatment discontinuation due to side effects, including breast pain, gynaecomastia (a condition in which the lining of the womb is affected by the presence of a hormone), fatigue, loss of sexual interest and urinary frequency. The quality of evidence for breast pain and hot flashes was rated as moderate. The effects of nonestrogen treatment for men who have metastatic disease are unclear. The risk of side effects such as breast pain (breast pain, hot flashes, gynastia and gynaechomastie), haemorrhage (blood loss, bleeding), nocturia (nocturia, fatigue and urinary frequencies) and urinary Frequency (frequency) was decreased when non-steroidal drugs were used. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) that compared the effect of breast cancer screening with no or low risk of breast or non-cancerous screening. We found eight trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were carried- out in the 1980s and involved 600,000 women in the analyses. The women were aged between 39 and 74 years. The evidence is current to May 2013. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction. The overall quality of the evidence was low. The trial with adequate risk of bias found that breast cancer deaths was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The four trials with inadequate risk of biased results showed a statistically important reduction in total cancer mortality. The seven trials with sufficient risk of suboptimum randomisation found a statistically meaningful reduction in the total cancer deaths. The RR for all seven trials combined was 0.81 (95% CI 0.74 to 0.87). The trials with insufficient risk of random error found no significant reduction of total cancer or all-cause mortality. We also found that the number of women undergoing surgery for breast cancer was higher in the screened groups. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy. The number of breast cancers was higher among the screened women. The risk of overtreatment was higher. The absolute effect of screening today is likely to be smaller than in the trials. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer death by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG priming compared to no priming. One study compared 20,000 unit of hCSG priming with 10,,000 Unit priming, and one study compared 10,500 units of priming versus 10,250 Unit primers. Three of the studies only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (N=400). We found no conclusive evidence that hCG had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCS priming may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of hCP priming in IVMs. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision.
This review of 24 trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent dementia in older post-menopause postmenopopausal post-eclampsia. There is good-evidence that both treatments do not improve cognitive function and may have adverse effects. It is not known if ERT or HRT have any effect on subgroups of post-manopopausal women, but there was some small-scale research that showed that ERT may be harmful. There was no evidence that HRT had any effect in sub groups of post menopause pre-eosinopause women. There were no data on the effects of HRT on the prevention of cognitive decline. There are no trials on the use of HMR for the treatment of postmenopausal post meno-eo. There may be some evidence that ERTs may be helpful for some older post menos, but the evidence is not strong.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. Both trials compared the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) with LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TOT). They were published as full articles, which means that they are not subject to bias. We found no difference between the two inhalers for the number of deaths, COPD flare-ups, or exacerbations. We are not sure if the same inhaler is better for the same outcome. We also found no differences in the risk of serious side-effects, such as hospital admissions, disease-specific side-side-effects (side-side effects), or the number and duration (time) of days that people were free of rescue medication. We were not able, however, to show that once-daily flute/vilanerol 100 mcg and 18 mcg TOT are better than LAMA 18. We rated the quality of the evidence as very-low for all of the main outcome measures. We identified one trial with 80 people who are still waiting to be recruited. We judged the quality to be low for all other outcome measures, which is due to the short follow-up time of the studies.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the efficacy of antidepressants (two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapies), as well as of a range (one CBT) of different treatments, in people with BDD. The results of these studies suggest that antidepressants (fluoxetine, clomipramine, desiprine, and clomid) and CBT (one psychotherapeutic treatment) may be effective in the treatment of BDD, but the findings of these small studies need to be confirmed in larger, better-designed RCTs.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials that compared cotroxazole with cotrimoxazolide re-re-re Challenge (COT) for the treatment of HIV/AIDS. The three trials included 268 adults. The trials found that cotriaxazole desensitized the immune system to the drug, compared to COT, for the purpose of preventing the drug from being stopped or re-taken. The studies found that when cotracoside was desensited, it was more likely to be used for the prevention of cotrhomies (decreases in the number of people stopping cotricosis) and to have a less severe reaction. The results of the trials were not consistent for the use of cOTrifostimole for the prophylaxis of HIV-infected people with a previous mild or severe hypersensitive reactions.
We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The duration of the studies was between five days and 28 days. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to February 2015. We found no new trials for this update. The three trials enrolled 148 newborn infants. The babies were monitored for between one and 28 weeks. The drugs were given by intravenous infusion (midazolam) or by injection (placebo). The babies received midazolams or placebo (placebos) for at least one week. The infants were monitored during the study period. The results of the trials showed that the babies receiving midazolinam had a longer stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and were more likely to have a higher incidence of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) compared with the placebo group. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of babies and the small numbers of babies studied. The included trials did not provide sufficient evidence to support the use of midazolanam as a sedative for newborn babies.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. The evidence is current to August 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The duration of the trials ranged from one to 12 weeks. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. No differences were detected between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for the presence of diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment. No difference was detected for the occurrence of diarrhoeala at five to seven days after the start of treatment, clinical failure, or duration of illness. The average difference for diarrhoeas was 0 days, fever was 0.27 days, and duration of hospitalisation was 0 day. The number of negative stool cultures for NTS was higher in the antibiotic group. Antibiotics given to people with NTS resulted in a significantly higher number of adverse events. The most common adverse events were mild to moderate side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in this review. The studies included adults of all ages, gender, and ethnicity. The participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender (e.g. male or female), main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, and were of varying quality. The number of patients with sepsi varied across the studies, from 12% to 78%. The studies were of variable quality. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias, due to issues with the way the studies were carried- out. The results of the review should be viewed with some degree of caution. The evidence is up- to- date as of January 2018. We found that the accuracy of the blood test for the diagnosis of sepsitis in adults varied greatly across studies, ranging from 12 to 78%, and the studies used different methods to assess the accuracy. We also found that there were several limitations in the way that the studies measured sepsism. For example, the studies varied in the type of septic shock, the type and severity of the seps infection, the setting, and the type or origin of the infection, as well as the number of misclassifications. We therefore found that our results should be interpreted with caution. If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of septis with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have sepssis. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed of sepis. The conclusions of the study will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in this review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure) and 25 trials (in total) compared different wound dressing types. The trials were small, had few events, and were often not well reported. The review found that it is unclear if wound dressers reduce or increase the risk of SSI. We are also unsure if any wound dresser is more or less likely to cause SSI, or if there is a difference in the risk. We found that there was no evidence that any wound wound dress was more or more likely to scar, or to have a worse wound outcome, than any other. We also found no clear evidence that there is an advantage of one type of wound dress for any of the other types. We rated the certainty (the certainty) of the evidence as low or very low, mainly due to the small number of studies, poor reporting, and the small sample size. We do, however, have some confidence in the results of the analyses. We conclude that there are too few studies to be sure that any of these types of wound care is more safe than any of them.
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared supplements or a few days before birth with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid with placebo. The trial randomised 126 women at risk of postpartum depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Women received supplements or placebo from recruitment at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks until their final review visit six to eight weeks postpartu. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo arm) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. The study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. The included study did find selenum had an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. This included study found selenums had an impact on EPD scores but the effect was not statistically significant. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found no evidence to support the use of supplements or supplements for preventing postpartums. No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the presence of major depressive disorder at six to 8 weeks postnatal, the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of newborn babies to the neonatal intensive care unit. There is currently no evidence that supplements or dietary supplements prevent postnatal depression.
We searched for studies that compared different durations of anthracycline treatment (six-and-a-half hour or more) with a placebo (a pretend treatment) or with no treatment. We found 11 studies that evaluated different dosing durations (seven studies, 781 participants) and four studies that assessed different peak doses (5280 participants). We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of heart failure, and it seems to reduce the risk for subclinical heart damage. We did not find any difference in the occurrence of clinical heart failure in participants treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or 60 mg or more. We identified no evidence that different peak dose durations are harmful. We could not find evidence that a different peak dosage of doxorbicin is harmful. There was only one study that addressed the other identified peak doses, so we can make no definitive conclusions about the occurrence. We need more high-quality research in children and adults with solid tumours.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Most studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most of the studies were conducted in hospital and included participants who had had a brain tumour. The duration of treatment ranged from three to 24 hours. The studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. We found no high-quality evidence that hypothermia is beneficial in the treatment of people with TIA. We considered duration of hypothermic therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform meta-analysis. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for mortality and unfavourable outcome to very low. We also downgraded evidence for pneumonia to low. The quality of evidence for the pneumonia outcome was very low because of differences in the design of the included studies. We judged the quality to be low for all outcomes. The included studies were of poor quality and the results may be explained by differences in design and methods.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to draw any firm conclusions on the overall efficacy of the family treatment of people with depression. There is a need for more high- quality research to examine the benefits and harms of family therapy for people with depressive symptoms.
This review identified three trials involving a total of 206 participants. All patients with vascular dementia were randomised to receive Duxil. The trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The results of the trials were not consistent. DuxIL was found to be beneficial in improving the cognitive function of patients with mild to moderate dementia. Behavioural problems, such as disturbance in activities, and caregiver- burden, were not assessed. There was no evidence to support the use Duxils for dementia. The quality of the included trials was low. The included trials were small and of low methodological quality. Therefore, the results of this review do not provide sufficient evidence to recommend the routine use of Duxis for the treatment of patients in this population. High-quality and large-scale randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
This review of trials found that drains can reduce the risk of developing a serum (a type of lymph node) and the need for a repeat procedure. However, drains can lead to an increase in the length of time spent in the hospital. There was no difference in the risk for lymphoedema (a swelling of the lymph glands) or haematoma (a red blood cell swelling). There was also no difference for the number of post-operative serum aspiration attempts. There were no significant benefits in terms of the number or volume of postoperative haeematomies. The quality of the trials was low, with some of the studies at high risk of bias.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient and conflicting evidence to support the use of flavonoids in the treatment of colorectal neoplasms. There was no clear evidence that the use or absence of flavons in the diet of people with coloreCTs reduces the risk of colorctal cancer. There is also conflicting and imprecise evidence that flavons may have an effect on colorective neoplasm occurrence. There were no clear results for Isoflvone, Flavonols and Flavan-3-ols.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of the slow responders, and three other trials (including one that did not) use the second. The duration of treatment ranged from 48 weeks to 72 weeks. The length of treatment was variable between trials. We found that extending the treatment period to 72 week increased the number of patients who had a sustained virology (the number of people who had the virus cleared) and the number who had no new cases. The end-of-life outcomes were not different. The risk of relapses (the time that the virus is still in the blood) was lower in the groups that had been on the drug for 72 weeks, but the length of the drug was not different in the group that had not been on it. The single trial that reported side-effects did not show a difference in the two groups. The observed effects can be due to both bias (bias), play (play of chance), and lack (play). There was no reporting on deaths. More data are needed in this area.
We found two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the accuracy of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer found to be resected. Both studies were conducted in the USA and included people with a diagnosis of pancreatic cancers that were found to have resectable disease on CT scan. The studies were of low risk of bias. The results of the studies were inconclusive. The average probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectal cancer after CT scans had unresectal disease on laparotomy). The summary estimate of sensitivity of EUs for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97) and the summary estimate for specificity for unrectability was 1.80 (95 CI 0.40 to 096). The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 (95. CI 1.0 to 18.6) and 0.2 (95CI 0.0.0) respectively. At the mean pre-test probability of 60.0%, the post-test percentage of unrectable cancer for people with positive EUS (EUS indicating unresectation) was 86.9% (95-CI 60.9%. The post- test probability of the same for people who had a negative EUS was 20.0% (5.1% to 53.7%). This means that 13% of people (95%) with positive results have potentially resectably cancer and 20% (4% to 5%) of people with negative results have unresectably cancer. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of EU in people who have pancreatic or periampullary cancer found resectated on CT scans. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in people.
We searched for studies that compared any of the treatments for blepharitis with each other, with eachother, or with no treatment. We found 34 studies (2169 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The review authors identified 34 studies that included a total of 20 studies (14 studies with 1661 participants with blepharyngitis and 14 studies with 508 participants with posterior blephareitis). The studies varied in terms of the types of treatments, treatments, and the condition of participants. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blephARitis. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic symptom relief for anterior and posterior blePHARitis, but the effectiveness of other treatments for this condition, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. Despite identifying 34 studies related to treatments for chronic blephritis, there is no strong evidence for any of these treatments in terms in curing chronic blePHaritis. Medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures, such a warm compresses and eyelid washing, to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly.
We found one study with a total of 23 participants. The study was at high risk of bias and the quality of the evidence was very low. The results of the study were not conclusive. Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP. There is insufficient high- quality randomised controlled trial to decide if photodynamic therapy is of any help in improving the course of RRP, reducing the volume of RTP, or improving voice and lung function.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided information on the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality. The studies were conducted in the 1980s and included a small number of participants. The majority of studies were of poor quality. In most studies, the participants were male and the average age was between 40 and 60 years. The average age of the participants ranged from 55 to 70 years. Most studies were funded by the National Institutes of Health Research. The results of the studies showed that CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity. The difference between the two tests was statistically significant. The differences between the studies were not statistically significant in terms or specificity. The quality of the evidence was generally poor. The main limitations of the review were that the studies did not clearly report the time between the tests, the way the studies compared the two diagnostic tests, and the way they were conducted. The evidence is current to September 2014.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants, which compared sterile water with saline (a pretend treatment) or no treatment. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were of good methodological quality, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported on low back pain in labour only. The results showed that women who had sterile water experienced greater pain relief than women who received saline. However, the studies did not show a difference in pain relief for women who were given sterile water compared with saline. There was no difference in the rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. Further large, method rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain in childbirth.
We searched for studies that compared glue versus suture for mesh fixation in people with a herniate herniated herniata. We found 12 studies with a total of 1932 people. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, and the UK. The results showed that glue may reduce chronic pain after herniectomy compared with suture. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the glue group compared with the suture group. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. The length of time taken for the herniation to heal was reduced by 37% in the sutures group compared to the glue-fixed group. The number of people with deep infection was reduced in the adhesive glue group by 8% compared with those in the mesh-fixed suture groups. There were no significant differences between the groups for the number of cases of superficial wound infection, deep infection, and swelling. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high risk of biased. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of evidence is moderate to very low. Based on the short-term results, glue may be a sensible alternative to sutured mesh fixation for herniates repaired by herniating herniations. Larger trials with longer follow-up and high quality are warranted. The difference between synthetic glue and biological glue should also be assessed in
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference error. Only three studies were randomised controlled trials. A package of 'package' of largely unspecified methods of technical editing used in the time between acceptance and the final acceptance of the paper and its reporting was found to be beneficial. More intense methods of the 'package', such as giving authors instructions to their authors, were found to improve the reading of the papers. Providing instructions to the authors was also beneficial, but the quality of the methods was not clearly improved. Structuring of the abstracts of the articles improved the quality, but did not change the length of the studies. The studies of the reference error of the journals found that a large number (38%) of the citations in the articles were wrongly attributed.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on young people. The studies were small, of short duration, and most had shortcomings in their methods. The available evidence suggests that, when used as a single dose, codeine is more likely to reduce pain than a dummy pill, but with an increase in the risk of side-effects, such as nausea, nausea, and constipation. We found no data for children. We were not able, however, to draw any firm conclusions on the effects of codeine on cancer-related death. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low, mainly due to the small number of studies, small study size, and the small sample size.
We included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomize trial). A total of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, were included. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from one hour to weekly sessions for 8 to 12 weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings and used different methods to assess the effects of educational programs. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main outcomes were patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in a sensitivity analysis. Caregiver knowledge also showed an improvement, but this improvement was not sustained. There were no differences between educational programs in the number of people who were able to recognise signs and symptoms of disease-related illness and those who were unable to recognise them. No differences were seen between educational interventions and those that were not. No studies were found on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression, which suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. The effect on knowledge was significant but small and whether it offers any clinical benefit is uncertain. Significant factors limiting these effects could be trials being under powered as well-designed and small trials and high rates of attrition. Effects were not statistically significant in assessments of secondary outcomes, possibly due to the paucity of the number and patients and caregivers. To better study effects on outcomes, further controlled trials are needed with rigorous attention given to improve recruitment and retention and to decrease bias. Predetermined protocols using similar measurements should be used across
We included six studies with 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included people with both focal and generalised onset seizures, and the other 5 trials only included people who had focal onset. All studies were of short-term (7-16 weeks) duration. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that people taking brivaracetam with other drugs were more likely to have a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than people taking placebo. People taking briaracetam were also more likely than people on placebo to achieve seizure freedom. However, people taking add-on brivar acetam were more than twice as likely to withdraw from treatment because of side effects compared with people taking a placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the reduction in seizures, but was low for the incidence of people withdrawing from treatment for any reason. The risk of people experiencing one or more side effects was not significantly different following treatment with brivaractam compared to placebo. It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included people whose seizures were generalised (not confined to focal epilepsy). None of the studies included children younger than 16 years old. The studies were short-lived and all studies were conducted in the USA. Therefore, these findings are mainly applicable to people with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Future research should focus on investigating the tolerability and efficacy of brivarateam during longer-term follow-up, and should also assess the efficacy and tolerability of briaractam in managing other types of seizures and its use in other age groups.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' views of how their children were given vaccines. Some studies looked at the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella), and some looked at other types of vaccines. In many of these studies, the vaccine was the MMR vaccine. In general, we found that parents were more likely to want more and more balanced and fair and balanced information than they were getting. They wanted more and fairer and more transparent information, and they were more willing to trust the sources of the vaccine. They were more confident in the results, but some of the results were not so clear. They also found that some of their parents' views on how well health care workers were telling them the truth, and that their views of health workers and the way they gave the vaccine advice may have affected their views. We found that the amount of information that people in the studies were given and the sources they felt they could be trust was often similar. We have high or low or mixed results for many of the findings. We are confident in some of our findings, but we have low or very low or unclear results. We need more research in low- to middle to high- to low-to-middle country settings.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were no overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies or TAU. Two trials found a non specific specialist therapy (Specialist Supportive Clinical Management) or an Optimised TAU delivered by therapists with eating disorder expertise was similar in outcomes to cognitive behaviour therapy. When comparing individual psychological therapy with each other, no specific treatment was consistently superior to any other specific approach. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. There was a suggestion in one study that focal psychodynamics might be superior to TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Owing to the risk of bias and limitations of studies, notably small sample
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One trial was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial compared 151 adults to receive either a mixture of perfluoropropane (F 6.H.8) and silicone oil (or both) versus standard oil (1000 centistoke or 5000 centistokes) and the second was a multi-centre trial that compared 271 adults to either a silicone oil or per flurane (C 3.F.8). The third trial was a multicentre international trial that involved 94 adults (age range not specified). The use of either per flurbane or standard oil appears to be reasonable for most patients with RD with PVR. There were no major difference in the outcomes of the two oil-based agents, and the choice of a tamponade should be based on the surgeon's preference. There was no difference in visual acuity at one year in the first two trials. There did, however, no difference at two- and three-year follow-up between silicone oil and sulfur hexafluoride gas. The first trial had a large number of participants excluded from the final analyses, and so the other two trials were at low risk of attrition bias. The use in the third trial of heavy silicone oil was not shown to be superior to standard silicone oil. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third study masked outcome assessors. The trials appear to be free of reporting bias. All three trials employed adequate methods for random sequence generation and allocation concealment. None were funded by the manufacturer of the oil. The review found that silicone oil, which is not available for routine clinical use in USA, has not demonstrated evidence of superiority
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. We found that planned early delivery is associated with less composite maternal morbidity (deaths and severe illness) and maternal morbidities (injury) for the mother. There was no clear difference in the composite outcome of the baby. There were no clear effects on the number of deaths or severe illness for the baby, but there was a higher risk of higher levels of lung problems (respiratory distress and NICU admission). There was not clear difference for caesarean section, or in the length of stay in the neonate room for the woman or the baby or in length of time spent in the hospital. There is no clear evidence that planned pre-eclampsia birth (before 36 to 36 weeks of pregnancy) is better than planned early birth (after 34 weeks of gestation) for women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The evidence is current to September 2015. The quality of the evidence was graded as high for the outcomes of composite maternal mortality and morbidity, moderate for caeesareans, duration of hospital stay after delivery for the mothers and duration of stay after birth for the babies, and low for the outcome of infant morbidity and mortality. The studies were of moderate quality. The main limitations of the studies were that no studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the following outcomes: composite maternal deaths and morbidities, caesarian section, duration after delivery of the mother and duration after birth of the babies. The level of evidence for the other outcomes was moderate. The included studies were generally of good quality.
This review of six randomised controlled trials (including 142 patients) found that prophylactic clot-busting drugs can prevent joint bleeds and other bleeding in children with hemophilitis. There is insufficient evidence from randomised trials to confirm the observational evidence that proprophylaxis decreases bleeding and related complications in patients with existing joint damage. There are no data on the best prophyleactic regimen for preventing bleeding in adult patients.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to differences in the way the trials were carried out. We found that the trials used a different treatment plan for each of the treatments. Eight studies aimed to induce relapse, five studies to maintain relapse and one to treat relapse. The trials were small, had poor reporting of the methods of the trials, and were of poor quality. We could not combine the results from the trials due to the different ways the trials measured relapse. We did find that less active treatment was more likely to prolong the life of patients. The studies did not show that less aggressive treatment was better than more active treatment. We also found that there were no major side-effects. We conclude from this review, that there is not much research on the best way to treat people with early-onset bile ductal carcinoid.
The review authors identified two studies involving 447 RhD negative women. The studies compared the use of either an intramuscular (IM) or an IV (IV) dose of RhD-receptor blocking drugs. The women were given a 1500 IU (300 micgram) dose (300 mcg) of Rhophylac (a drug that blocks the production of the RhD protein) in the 28 to 28 weeks of pregnancy. The number of women in the studies was too small to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of either treatment. The results of the studies were inconclusive. The mean anti-D IgG concentrations after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV; 19.8 (8.7) ng-mL IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in the two studies developed antibodies against the RhH antigen. It appears that IM and IV administration of anti-dummy drugs are equally effective. The choice of the route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences.
We identified eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or a dummy pill (dilute). Five studies compared clopidogrel with either a single dose of the drug as well as a combined dose of clopids (aspirin, dipyridamole, or clopidine/dipiridamol), or clupidogs with a single dosage (clopidogs/dilutide). The studies were of low risk of bias. The mean follow up of the trials was from 365 days to 9.13 days. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticlosopidine to placebo and did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences for all- cause mortality, or vascular mortality or myocardia infarct. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes participants). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194 (11.2%) versus 356/3146 (11%). The available evidence for ADP receptor antagonists in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients with and without diabetes separately. Therefore, recommendations for the use of ADP-receptor antagonists for the prevention of CVD in patients are based on available evidence from trials including patients with both with and with diabetes and based on data from trials with both involving patients with or without diabetes. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup analyses of patients with either alone or in combination with patients with other risk factors for CVD are needed to provide a more robust evidence base to guide clinical management in patients.
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, one a three-month treatment, and one a six-week. Six trials (151 participants) compared non-invasive support with an 'active cycle of breathing' (where air is pumped through the nose) or 'active breathing', which is a chest physiotherapist treatment. Three of the trials (27 people) compared the use of non-inspective support (where the air is passed through the nostrils) with the use (in addition) of nasal masks (two trials), and one (13 people), which is an inhaled gas mask (one) which is inhaled through the mouth (one). Three of them (27 and 151 people) reported on the effects of non invasive supportive support. Three trials (26 people) evaluated the use non-intact support (using nasal masks) for overnight support. One trial (13 participants) evaluated exercise capacity (using an inhaling gas mask) and did not report on any of the review's primary outcomes. One of the studies (13 patients) reported that exercise capacity improved with non-intervention support compared to room air. The other three studies (27 participants) reported no clear differences between non- invasive support (with or without nasal masks or nasal masks), oxygen or room air, or full face masks. One study (13 adults) reported a benefit of noninvasive support for exercise capacity compared to oxygen or no non-incapacitating ventilation. The evidence for the benefits of non invasive ventilation for airway clearance and exercise is up to date as of September 2014. The review found that non-vasive ventilation may be an effective treatment for people with cystic fibrosis who have difficulty expectorating sputum. We were unable to find any evidence that non invasive ventilation increases sputus expectoration, but it did
We searched for studies that compared NIPPV with nocturnal-NIPPV in people with COPD. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. The seven studies involved 245 people. The mean age of the participants was between 65 and 74 years. The average age of participants was around 70 years. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of NIPPVs on lung function, exercise tolerance, quality of life, lung function or sleep efficiency. The evidence is current to January 2015. The results of the seven studies did not show that NIPPVS had any effect on lung functions, exercise capacity, quality-of-life, lung strength or sleep. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The included studies were small and the results were inconclusive.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia and Canada. The induction of labour did not appear to alter the rate of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of the labour on the risk of caeesareans or instrumental deliveries. There were no clear differences between groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was also no clear difference between groups in measures of neonatal asphyxia (low blood oxygen levels in the lungs), low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven), low arterial cord blood pH (low-quality information), or low birthweight babies. The babies born to women who had been induced had lower birthweight, fewer birth fractures and shoulder dystocia (low quality evidence). The babies who had induction of their labour had lower mean birthweight but there was considerable variation between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the induction group. The women who were induced had more perineals (worsening of the perineum) and more bruising on the perinaum (wounds) in the group receiving induction. The results of this review suggest that to prevent one fracture in 60 women, induction of induction would be necessary. Induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia has not been shown to alter brachia plexis injury, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. Also, antenatal estimates of fetal weight are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed. Nevertheless, induction results in a lower mean birthsweight, and fewer birth fracture and shoulder fracture events. The
We searched for randomised clinical trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put in one of several or several groups) that compared the effects of taking either a single dose of either a vitamin D3, a vitamin C, or a combination of vitamin D and calcium (calcium and calcium) or both. We found 56 randomised trials with 95,286 people. The age of people in the trials was 18 to 107. Most trials were carried out in high-cost, high-end countries. The mean age of the people in these trials was 77%. Most of the trials were of good quality. The trials were randomised, which means that the people who are in the trial are not aware of the treatment they are getting. We did not find any evidence that taking a single tablet of either vitamin D, vitamin C or a vitamin E reduced the risk of dying. We were able to combine the results of 56 trials, which showed that people who took a single pill of either Vitamin D3 (or both) had a lower risk of death than people who did not. We could not tell if taking a pill of one form of vitamin C was better than taking a vitamin A, because we could not be sure of this. We are not sure if taking one pill of a single vitamin C reduced the chance of dying, but we could be sure that it did. We do know that people in high risk of cancer who took vitamin D had a higher risk. We also found that people with a single treatment of either vitamins D3 or vitamin C had a better risk of having a kidney disease (nephlithiasis). We did, however, find that people taking a one-dummy pill had a slightly higher risk of kidney disease. We have not found any difference in the risk for people who take a single Vitamin D. We think that people should be given a single course of treatment for at least five years to prevent one additional death. We cannot be sure
This review of trials found that fluoxetine, orlistat, or both, and sibutramine, can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. However, the magnitude of weight loss is small, and the long-term health benefits are unclear. There is a lack of data on the effects of these drugs on weight. Some studies have shown that other drugs, such as maz indol, phenmetrazine, and bromocriptine, may be helpful. However the safety of sibuetamine, a drug that is used to treat diabetes, is unclear.
We searched for studies that compared VGB with CBZ in people with epilepsy. We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. The duration of treatment ranged from one to six months. The review authors found that VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness than CBZ. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. However, results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. No significant differences were observed between VGB and CBZ for time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did not show a difference in time to seizure onset. The authors concluded that VGT should not be considered a first-line treatment for epilepsy and should not cause any harm. However it should be noted that VTB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared plerixafor to placebo or no treatment in people with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these trials were completed but did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple or non Hodgkin lymph cancer. In both studies the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerizafor and the control group received a G-Cochrane G-Cell Activator plus placebo. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found no evidence for differences between plerxafor plus G-CCA and placebo group in terms of survival at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection. The results of the analysed data suggest that additional pleraxafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether additional plezafor affects survival or adverse events. None of the trials reported on quality of life and progression-free survival. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcome successful stem cell collect and high for successful stem Cell Collection. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of pleroxafor, were published several times. Two more RCTs examining the addition of pleazafor to a GCSF mobilisation regimen terminated early without publishing any outcome. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCT results, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to draw any firm conclusions. Cones were better than no treatment, but there was not much evidence to show that they were better or worse than PFMT. There was not enough evidence to say that the addition of PFMT to the usual treatment was better or worst than PFM, or that it was better than PFT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at economic outcomes. Seven of the included trials recruited women with symptoms of incontinence, while the others required women with urodynamic stress incontinent, apart from one where the inclusion criteria were uncertain. This review provides some evidence that weighted vaginal cones are better than other treatments for SUI, but the evidence is not strong enough to draw firm conclusions about their effectiveness. Conedicated cones could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them acceptable. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of interventions to improve antiepilepsy in people with AF. We found eleven studies that involved 2246 AF patients. The studies included a variety (14 to 712) of different types of interventions. The interventions were education, self-watchful self-monitoring, and a range (14.5 to 7.8) of decision aids. The evidence is current to August 2015. We did not find any studies that examined the impact of interventions on anticoagulation control in AF patients and the mechanisms by which they are successful. We also found no studies that looked at the impact on anxiety, depression, or decision conflict. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact that interventions to help patients with AF improve anticoaemia control have on TTR. More research is needed to examine the impact, and to explore the psychological implications of these interventions for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
This review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of having a vaginal birth in 24 hours, but the effect on the number of caesarean sections is unclear. PGE2 tablets, gels, pessaries (and a sustained-use version) and PGF2a (a drug that is used to treat the growth of a baby's brain) are as good as each other, but small differences are seen, but these may be due to chance.
This review of five trials, involving 247 infants, found that cot-nursing using a hot bed in a hot room has no important clinical benefits over the use of a cold bed. In the cot, there was no difference in mean body temperature (four trials) and no difference was found in weight. In one trial, cot nursing with a heated mattress was found to be more likely to reduce the risk of hyperthma (low blood pressure) in the cots. In this trial, there were no differences in weight gain. In other words, cots in hot rooms are not better than those in cold rooms. There was no evidence that cots on hot beds were more likely than cots with cold beds to be safe.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold-chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques (low to very low-quality data). Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review; however we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three trials, involving 244 women. The trials were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulproston) in 50 women and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 women at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg. The studies were considered at high-risk of bias and the evidence is up- to- date as of April 2014. The evidence is current to April 2014 and the review found that prostaglandsins did not reduce the need for manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion or the time from injection to placental removal. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglanins. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants. The studies were conducted in the 1970s. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced risk of treatment failure and death in preterm infants with breathing problems. We also found that use of CDP is associated a lower risk of death and use of breathing support. We did not find any difference in the risk of pneumothorax (pneumothorchia), a lung infection. We could not determine the best mode of CNP. We were unable, however, to determine the effect of CCP on lung function. We are uncertain whether CDP should be used in pre term infants with respiratory distress because the trials were done in the 1960s and the results were not applicable to current practice.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. Two studies compared foam wound dressings with basic wound contact dressings and found no difference in ulcer-free foot ulcers. There was no difference between foam dressings (in the alginate and hydrocolloid groups) and hydric oxide (matrix) dressings. There were no studies that looked at foam dressers versus hydrocollsoid (matriarch) dressers. The studies were small, had limited follow-up time, and were of poor quality. There is no research data on foam wound wound dressers and no research studies on hydrocolla (matricide) dressins.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included 111 patients. The trials compared surgical treatment with endoscopically-guided endoscopy. One of the two trials, which included 32 patients, showed that surgical treatment was better than endoscopic endoscapy in terms of pain relief, but the trial had limitations. Surgic treatment was also better than conservative endoscomy. The trial showed that the surgical treatment resulted in a higher percentage of patients with pain relief. Surgical treatment also resulted in better quality of life, and preserved the function of the pancreas. No major complications were found. The small trials included in this review do, however, do, not provide enough power to show that there are any small benefits of either treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared early versus late (delayed) or both, post-operative, post surgical showering or bath. We found one trial, which was at a high- risk of bias. This trial included 857 patients who had skin excisions. The trial compared the two groups. The patients were randomised to early post-opinal bathing (dressing to be taken off and left on for 12 hours and then washed) or late (sham) post-operative bathing (shower and bath to be done for 48 hours and to be left on to allow for 48 more hours before resumption of normal bathing). The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection. There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of patients who developed surgical site infections between the two treatment groups. There is currently no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus delayed post-operation showering and bathing for the prevention of wound complications. The confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in wound infections by early postoperative bathing cannot be ruled out. We recommend running further randomised studies to compare early versus later post-surgical showering.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared oral prednisone with no treatment. The trial had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to August 2015. The study did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. The RCT did not report side effects in detail, but one prednisoner-treated participant died. The quality of evidence was very low. The only trial that reported side effects was a trial comparing daily standard-dose oral prednasolone with monthly high-dose dexamethasone. The results of this trial did not show any difference between the two treatments in the number of people who achieved remission, or in the change in disability or impairment after one year. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexametasone (low-quality evidence) as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) (moderate-quality of evidence). We are very uncertain about the effects of oral prednnisone compared with no medication because the quality of the evidence is very low, and because the only RCT that exists did not use the most appropriate treatment. Nevertheless, corticosteroids are commonly used in practice, supported by very low-quality studies. We also know from observational studies that corticostoids carry the long-term risk of serious side effects. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We searched for studies that compared remote asthma check-ups with face-to-face check- ups. We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote and face- to-face visits, and one study compared the two types. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check- up had an asthma flare up than those who were seen at a face to-meeting. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference in the risk of an asthma attack in people who were given a face check-up. We were not able, because the studies were too small, to say if there was an important difference in how often people had an attack. We do not know if people who have a face-titration check-down at a time when they are not having a face test had a better asthma control than people who are. We are not sure if people with an asthma who have an asthma check up at a remote clinic have a worse asthma attack. The studies did not show that people who get a face checked by a remote health worker had a worse flare up. We can't be sure if the people who do have a check-uppet at a distance from home have a better control of their asthma. We also do not have enough evidence to say how safe the check-downs are. The results of the studies we found were not of high quality. We need more research to be sure that people with a better quality are not more or less likely to have an attack when they have a remote asthma clinic.
This review of 16 studies, which included 212 participants, found no evidence that any of the outcomes were better than the others. The results of the review suggest that the short- and long- term effects of the exercise treatment are likely be short-term, but the long- and medium- term results are not clear. The studies were all of low quality, and the results of these studies were not of high quality. The review found that there was no evidence to support the use of exercise as a treatment for JI. The included and the exclude studies were consistent in their findings that there were no short- or long-term adverse effects.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpatients and outpatients, but these effects are small and inconsistent. The effects of antibiotics on treatment failure are uncertain. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failures. The trial also showed that antibiotics reduced the risk of treatment failure and length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes treatment failure, length of stay in hospital, and death. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome of death. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk for treatment failure in patients with severe exacerbations. The available evidence does not show that antibiotics are beneficial for patients with moderate to severe exacerbation. The results of this review are uncertain because the effects of antibiotic treatment on treatment failed outcomes are inconsistent and the results of other outcomes are not consistent. The studies included in this review did not show any significant effect of antibiotics for adverse events. The included studies did not report on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms. The limited evidence available does not support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of people with acute exacerbations and out-patients. The review found that there is no evidence that antibiotic treatment reduces the risk that people with severe acute exacerbation have a recurrence of their condition. The findings of this systematic review are consistent with the results from other Cochrane reviews.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 people (age range 24 to 70; mean 45 to 59, where data were reported) in this review. The trials compared whole-grain diets with diets of whole grain or lower whole-grains diets. The evidence is up-to- date as of September 2016. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole- grain diets on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported the effects of whole grains on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. We assessed the overall quality of the evidence on cholesterol as low. The studies were small and had an unclear or high risk of bias. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors such as blood lipid and blood blood pressure, and the overall overall quality was low. There was a need for well-designed, adequately powered RCTS with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review of trials found that there is limited evidence that early weight-bearing (starting weight-lifting after surgery) and the use of a non-thermographic type (removal) type (e.g., a removable type of immobilised cast) to allow patients to exercise can help them to move their ankle. There is also some evidence that some types of immobilising device (e, for example, a non thermal (non-thermal)) may be helpful. There was little and inconclusive evidence on what type of support or treatment was the best. There were no trials that looked at stretching, manual or manual therapy. There are no trials on the best type or type of treatment for ankle immobilisation. There may be some evidence to support the use a non thermographic (e) immobilised type (nonthermologic) device (removing a piece or piece of metal) to help people to move the ankle. The use of non-Thermographic immobilisation (e), for example a non heated pad, may be effective. There has been little research on the use or use of different forms of support (e). There is some evidence from one small trial (14 people) that non-hot flushes (elevating the skin) may be more effective than hot flushes. There have been no trials of other forms of treatment. There should be more research on these types of treatments.
This review of four studies found that home-based nursing programmes have the potential to improve children's adherence. Two interventions, an LPV/r-based regimens (LP/r) and peer-support group therapy (PST), did not show any benefit in improving children's compliance with ART. A home-centre care home-type programme, which involves the use of a nurse, has shown a positive effect on knowledge, but no effect on CD 4 count or the viral load. A non- randomised trial of a home-care programme that provides medication diaries to parents and children with HIV/H1N 1 shows that the diaries do not seem to have an effect on children's drug use. A second non-randomised trial found that the percentage of children with >80% adherence was no better with a lopinavir/r regimens than with a non-nucleoside regimens. The percentage of participants with > 80%, or 80%, of the viral loads were higher with the lopviniral regimens, but this result was not significant. A third non-Randomised trial showed that children with viral loads of less than 80% were more likely to be successful in taking their medication than with the non-NNRTI regimens in the second nonrandomised study. A fourth non-RCT of a peer-based programme for adolescents showed no change in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage with suppressed viral loads increased from 30% to 80%. A fourth trial of an intervention for adolescents that provides peer support group therapy did not demonstrate any benefit. A fifth non-routine care home programme has the potential for improving adherence to ART, but more evidence is needed.
This review found five studies (696 participants) that compared oral fenoprofen 200 mg with a dummy pill (placebo) for acute postoperative pain. The results of these five studies showed that fenuproen 200 mg is an effective treatment for acute pain after minor day or day surgery. The NNT (number of people with at least 50% pain relief) for at least 4- to 6-hour pain relief over 4 to 6 hours was 2.3 (1.9 to 3.0). There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. There was no difference in numbers of people experiencing any side effects between fenoparofen and placebo. No serious side effects or people withdrawing from the studies due to side effects were reported.
This review included six trials, which included 857 women. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857) and two trials compared it with PFMT plus an addition to the surgery (n > 118) versus the surgery alone. The largest most recent search for trials was in January 2013. The review found that there is some evidence that PFMT improves prolapse symptoms and severity immediately after treatment. There is also some evidence to suggest that PFM improves pelvic floor muscle function and improves symptoms and symptoms immediately after the treatment. The evidence relating to the effects of PFMT on the symptoms of prolapse is not yet conclusive. There was a significant risk of bias in two out four trials in this comparison. The trials measured symptoms differently and measured the outcomes differently. The three trials where this was reported indicated greater improvement in symptoms in the PFMT group compared to the control group. Pooling data on severity of prolapsed prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMS increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscles found better function (or improvement in function) in the control groups. Two out of three trials which reported urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups in favour of the PFMS group. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency and worry with symptoms in favour the PFM group compared with the control. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the PFMW in terms of stronger muscles. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no change in symptom score change between groups, whilst another found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the group compared in the other. The results of the trials were inconclusive. The
This review of trials found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear CSOM in people with CSOM. Topical quinolinone antibiotics are more likely to clear CSom (aural discharges) than no drug or antiseptics, but the effects of quinsolones (with or with no steroids) on the effects (for the treatment) of CSOM are less clear. Topicicoids are more effective than no drugs, but their effects on CSOM and on the safety of the treatment are not clear. The review found that the effects on the treatment of CSom were not clearly better than those of non-quinolone (with and with no steroid) antibiotics. The quality of the trials was poor. More research is needed.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS correctly identified people with all other mental health problems (50.4%, 57.4% to 63.3%) and a specificity of 81.4%. In seven studies, it correctly identified schizophrenia from non-psychotic mental health disorders (61.8%, 61.7% to 71%) and the sensitivity of the test was 94.1%. In sixteen studies, the test correctly identified psychosis from other types of psychosis (58% (50% to 65.3%), and the specificity of the study was 74.7%). The review of these studies found that FRS accurately identified people who had schizophrenia 75% to 95% of times. However, the use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Again, with a sensitivity of 60%, reliance on FRS for triage of people with schizophrenia will not correctly diagnose around 40% of people that specialists will consider to have schizophrenia. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will think to have psychosis, could be prematurely discharged from care if triage relies on the presence of Frs to diagnose them as having psychosis. Empathetic, considerate use of the FRS should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. However we cannot recommend the use FRS in triaging for schizophrenia in the first time.
We searched for studies up to January 2017. We included 10 studies that compared educational and psychological interventions with no intervention or with other treatments for children with eczema. We found 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update. The studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational studies and 44 participants in one psychological study. The evidence is current to January 2016. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. The other studies were of mixed quality. The results of the studies were not consistent. The review found that there is limited evidence that educational and psychosocial interventions can improve eczematological symptoms and quality of the life of children with atopic eczma. However, there is some evidence that these interventions may lead to improvements in eczemia severity and quality. There is no evidence that psychological interventions are effective in improving sleep. The quality of evidence for the effects of educational and psychoeducation interventions on eczemic symptoms and on quality of living was low. The included studies were generally of poor quality. We judged four studies to have high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions. The educational studies in both the original review and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original study.
This review of trials found that HBOT may be beneficial for people with LRTI, but the trials were small. There was some evidence that HBot may reduce the chance of ORN and may improve the chance that the wound will heal. There is no evidence that it has an effect on the brain. There were no reports of adverse events. There may be little or no effect on neurological tissue. There are no data on the use of HBOT to treat other manifestations of LRTIs.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two were on caearean sections, two had vaginal repair and two had hip replacement. The evidence is current to August 2014. The use of blunt needles reduced the risk of finger perforations by approximately one finger per for every six operations. The number of finger wounds sustained by surgeons using blunt needles was reduced by approximately two fingers perforated in every three operations. In four studies, surgeons using sharp needles had more self-reported needle stick injuries. The quality of the evidence was rated as high. There is high quality evidence that the use of the blunt needles reduces the risk for surgeons and their assistants of exposure to blood and bodily fluids. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised controlled trials involving 422 people. The trials compared trflunopride with low-potency (low-potent) or low-salt (low dose) drugs. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the Netherlands. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between trifluoperazine and low- and high-potencies antipsychotics. However, triffluoperazine produced more movement disorders. There was no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. There were no significant differences in numbers with at least one adverse effect (trifluopride 60%, low-potsency antipsychotic 38%, moderate quality evidence). However, at least at least movement disorders were more frequent in the trifflunoperazine group (trflunopaazine 23%, lowpotency antipaticotics 13%, 2 RCTs, 123 participants). There was also no significant change in numbers of participants who were incoordinated (trfluoperamide 20%, low potency antipsychoid 5%, 1 RCT, 60 participants) or rigor (trfluopride 45%, low efficacy antipsychoids 10%, 1 trial, 60 participant). No data were available for other outcomes of interest death, sedation and quality of life. The quality of evidence for outcomes of concern ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of triflunoprone and low potency (low) and high potency (high) antipsychotropic drugs.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in pre term infants in the phase from intragastric tube to oral feeds. The trials were small, and the trials were of poor quality. The findings of this review are based on low- to very- low- quality data. We found that feeding in the response to feeds and cues (feed-and/or sitiate) can help pre term pre term babies to eat and drink more food. The results of the trials did, however, show that the babies fed in this way gain a little less weight, and that the time it would take for them (on the other hand), to complete the process of feeding, is shorter. The data do, however (low- to low-grade) evidence from these trials do not show that this change in feed-and-sate cues can have a major impact on the health of pre term children. We need more high- quality trials to be sure that this finding is true. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2015.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 people. One trial showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial blood tests (ABI) in people who were given folic acid and 5-methyllite (5-MTHF) compared with placebo. The second trial with a combined total of 18 people showed that the ABI was not significantly different in people taking multivitamin B supplements compared with a placebo. No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further well-designed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies that compared different types of financial incentive payments. One study compared the impact of capitation (a type of payment for filling teeth) with fee for service (a charge for the use of sealants) and the other study compared capitation with fee- for-service (a fee for the care of people who do not need to fill teeth) and found that the capitec system led to an increase in the number of dentists who carried out fillings, but the cost-effectiveness of the two payments was not clear. The second study used a study that was funded by a group of dentist patients and found an increase of 1.5% in the group that received a fee-for-service payment. However, the study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The authors reported a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm that was incentivised with a fee for- service payment. The third study compared a parallel group design with a three-year period of capitectation payments. The results showed that capitation payments led to a reduction in the amount of time that dentists spent filling teeth and fewer fillings and extractions, but also to more preventive advice. The cost-effective use of the different remuneration methods was not clearly described. The quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall quality of evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers, with a total of 17,000 women, and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were generally at low risk of bias. The review found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (14% relative reduction in the number of babies with low birthweight). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies who were stillborn or died before birth. No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were found between the groups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweights, and was low for stillbirth or neonate death and birthweight. The included trials were mostly of low income women and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared probiotics with antifungal drugs. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The evidence is current to January 2016. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month but did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. Probotic use did increase the rate for the occurrence of serious adverse events but did no increase the number of serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum (from high- to low) of the World Bank's global economic classification, which makes the results of this Cochrane Review more relevant to the wider world. Two of the trials were from the USA, one from Germany and Italy, one each from Iran, Turkey, Iran, Malaysia and the fourth from Turkey, and the seventh trial was from Jordan. The evidence is current to September 2014. The results of the Cochrane review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in reducing the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if treatment of women with threatened miscarriage with progestogen compared to placebo or no treatment has any effect on the rate for congenital abnormalities because the quality of the evidence is very low. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of women and the wide confidence intervals for some outcomes.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) on the use of laser photocompressive drugs (laser) to treat proliferative retinitis in people with diabetic retinopathy. We found five studies, which were of good quality. Three of these were from the USA, one from the UK, one each from the US, UK, and one from Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included. The studies were of low to very low quality. The evidence is up- to- date as of May 2014. The majority of the studies were conducted in the USA and four were funded by the National Eye Institute. The trials were conducted over a period of 12 months. The results of the trials showed that laser photocoagulation reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months, and the risk was reduced by 50% in people treated with laser. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic retenopathy with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction in risk of progression of diabetes retinopathies and a similar reduction in the risk for vitreous haemorrhage. None of the included studies reported near visual acuity or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is partly due to the fact that the trials were carried out many years ago and the use was not considered to be as standard.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy. The participants were mostly men (67%), and the average age was 65 years. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdomen surgery. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (low quality evidence) and the length of stay in the intensive care unit (low or very low quality evidence). We found no differences for mortality (low and very low-quality evidence). There was insufficient evidence to be certain that CPap or NPPVs had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that bilevolvolol may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention. The quality of the evidence was low or very poor. The findings of this review indicate that CPAB or bilesvel NTPV is an effective and safe intervention for the treatment of adults with respiratory failure. However, the quality of evidence was either low or low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear-to-high-risk-of-bereft overall. A variety of different agents for pain relief were assessed. Three trials (involving 101 women) used diazapine, a drug that is used to treat pain, to give pain relief for women who were given anaesthesia. The other three (injections) were vinydan- ether, ketamine, and pudendal (a nerve block). The trials were small, and the methods for measuring pain were not as well reported. The trials did, however, show that diazape was more likely to be more likely than vinydin- ether to be rated as effective in relieving pain. The trial that used lignocaine (a lignopride), which is a lignorexyl-like drug, found that it was more effective than ketamine. The one small trial (in which 183 women were given spinal pain relief) found that women were more likely, but not more likely (by a greater than average of 3.36 points) to regard their pain relief as good. The women who had diazam were less than twice as sure that their pain was good, and were less sure that they had pain that was not as bad. No trials reported on the other two main outcome of serious adverse effects (such as death or serious illness) for the mother or her baby, and no trials looked at the effects on the baby. The review found that there is not much evidence to support one specific pain relief agent or method as most helpful for forceps birth.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes, with mild to severe asthma. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other six studies assessed yoga treatments that included breathing, posture, and yoga. The trials were of good quality. We found that there was some evidence that people with asthma who did yoga for six months to more than 23 years had small improvements in their asthma control, and that they had better asthma symptoms. There was no clear evidence that the effects of the yoga treatments were more than the minimal difference in the asthma symptoms that we could use to measure asthma control. The evidence was of good to very low risk. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies, the small sample size, and the small numbers of people in the studies. We are not sure if the effects on lung function and asthma symptoms are more than we would like. We did not have enough data to be sure that the yoga treatment was safe. We need more studies with large sample size and high quality of study design.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data to allow us to assess the effects of the drugs. We found moderate- to low- quality data for the reporting (by chance) of the percentage change (measurement) in muscle strength at 12-month follow-up. We were unable to combine data from any of the 10 trials because of differences in study design, study results, and study duration. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as providing very low-quality evidence in relation to the primary outcome measure. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures. Trials of interferon beta-1a and MTX provided moderate-quality data of having no effect on the progression of IBM. Three trials (n = 78) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo, but we were unable for the most part to perform a meta-analysis because of variations in study analysis and presentation of trial data, with no access to the data for re-analysis. Other comparisons were also reported in single trials. An open trial of ATG combined with MTX versus MTX, and an open trial (n=44) of anti-T lymphocyte immunoglobaulin (ATG combined and MTT) combined withMTX versusMTX provided very low quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy, based on percentage change in muscle muscle strength sum scores at 12 months. Data from trials of oxandrolone versus placebo, azathioprine (AZA) combined and treated with MTT versus MTT, and arimoclomol combined with and without MTX and MTU versus placebo did not allow us for analysis. A complete analysis of the
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. The trials compared linezolid with vancomycin for treating SSTIs, and found a significant advantage of linezolol for the treatment. The evidence is up- to- date to January 2015. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezolisolid. The cost of treatment with linezoli was less than with vanchydronium, but the length of hospital stay was shorter with lineZolid. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between linezolic and vancomydronum. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the linezolan group compared with vanchedrone. However, more people reported thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder) and nausea with lineuzolid. It seems, from the available data, that length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the group than the vancomys. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral linezolly than with intravenous vancomylcin. The included trials were of poor quality and the results should be interpreted with caution. Further well-designed, independently-funded trials are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 patients. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. The quality of the evidence was low. The included trials were of poor methodological quality and the outcomes measured were not well defined. The authors of this review recommend that future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
This review of six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 patients found that there is some uncertainty about the effects of these drugs on the risk of death. The effect of nimodipine in a sub group (involving brain injury with sub-arachnoid haemorrhage) shows a benefit, though the increase in side-effects suffered by the treatment group may be a warning sign.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of several or multiple treatment groups) with 3090 people. Three of the four trials were of high quality. The evidence is current to August 2016. The trials compared immediate defibrillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrillation with a defibrilator. The results of the trials were inconclusive. The survival to hospital discharge was not significantly different between the two groups. The neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year were not significantly affected by either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment approach. The quality of the evidence was low. We have been unable to determine conclusively whether immediate defirinillation and the one- and one to three-minute approach to defibrilation have similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. We were unable to conclude whether either treatment approaches provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
This review found three randomised controlled trials that compared GnRHa long protocol with GnRH antagonist therapy. The trials were of low quality. The review found that GnRHIs were less likely to be withdrawn from the ovaries than GnRH antagonists. The number of oocytes retrieved was less in the GnRHA long protocol group compared to the GnRH blockers group. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was higher in the group receiving GnRHS. Cancellation rates were higher in GnRha flare up group compared with the GnHIs long protocol. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF. More robust data from good quality randomised trials with relevant outcomes are needed.
This review of 53 randomised controlled trials found that family intervention may reduce the number of relapsing events, relapse and hospital admissions. It seems to improve the level of social impairment, the level and severity (of expressed emotion) in the family, and the level (of social interaction) and the general social functioning. It is not clear if it has an effect on the number or the level or duration (of treatment). We did not find data to suggest that it either prevents or promotes suicide. The results of this review should be of interest to people with Schizo's and their families, clinicians, and policy- makers.
We searched for studies that compared drug-eluting balloons with uncoated balloon stents (a type of balloon angioplastor) in people with symptomatous femoropopliteal arteries. We found three randomized controlled trials that compared the use of drug-enriched balloons with the use uncoating balloons. The trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-elevating balloons (two of the three trials were industry sponsored). Two companies manufactured the drugelevated balloons (Eurocor, Bonn, Germany; Medtronic, Fridley, Minnesota, USA). The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. The evidence is current to August 2016. The certainty of evidence presented was very low for the outcomes of amputation, target lesion revascularization, binary restenosis, death, and improvement of one or more Rutherford categories. The quality of evidence was very limited due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We found seven trials that compared the effects of steroids in children with KD. These studies included 922 participants. The trials were conducted in Asia, the USA, Europe, Australia, and the UK. The duration of treatment ranged from one to 12 weeks. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities and the time taken for laboratory tests to normalise. The use of steroids also reduced the duration of fever, the time for laboratory parameters to normalize and the length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was considered high for the incidence of serious adverse events, mortality and time for the laboratory tests (e.g. ESR and CRP) to normalify. Evidence was considered moderate for the duration (duration of clinical symptoms) due to potential subjectivity in measurement. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Evidence showed that cortics reduced the incidence and duration of coronary arteries abnormalities and reduced the time spent in hospital. Evidence also showed reduced inflammatory markers (elevations of inflammation) and reduced duration of clinical symptom severity. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality, and long-term coronary morbidity. Certain groups, including those based in Asia and those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. Evidence provided by the review is of moderate quality. This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Four of these studies compared another PIP, video-interaction guidance, counselling, or cognitive behaviour therapy. Two of these two studies also included a group of infants who had been in an alternate PIP group. The other two studies compared a PIP plus an alternative PIP to a PIB. We found that PIP is more effective than control groups for the treatment of parents' and babies' mental health, and for the outcomes of parent-child interaction, and that PIMPs are more helpful than control in terms of parent and child relationship, and in terms (i.e.) the number of infants with disorganised or secure or disorganized attachment. We did not find any evidence that PIB is more helpful for the parents' or babies' behaviour or development. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for the following outcomes: parental depression, secure or unorganised infant attachment, and infant behaviour and development. The evidence was up to date as of March 2018. We downgraded the quality because of risk of bias in the study design or execution of the trial. The included studies also involved relatively few participants and wide confidence intervals (i.e. the confidence intervals are used to assess the quality and quantity of evidence). We rated all comparisons as low quality evidence.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women in the emergency caesarean section with room-time air. We found one new study in this update. The trials included 753 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The low quality of evidence showed no convincing evidence that giving extra extra oxygen during elective caesarian section under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores. The very low quality evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation, maternal oxygen pressure in the blood, maternal umbilical blood flow and umbilico-oanal oxygen saturation and umbils' blood flow. There was high variability among the outcomes. The high-risk studies showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. Overall, we found no convincing support for the use of extra oxygen for healthy term pregnancies during electively planned caesaroscopic caesari section under local anaesthesia. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence.
We included twelve studies with 2196 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, and Italy. The evidence is current to April 2011. We found that reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken by 11% in four studies. We also found that reminders increased the number of pills users took by 11%. We found no evidence that reminder packing reduced systolic blood pressure. We did not find evidence that reminders reduced blood pressure by any other measure. We extracted data from two studies that looked at blood pressure measurements. We were able to combine the results of these two studies and found that the use of reminder packaging improved blood pressure in patients with diabetes. We could not combine the data from the other two studies because they were too different from each other. We are uncertain whether reminder packaging is effective in improving adherence to medication. We cannot be certain that reminder packs are safe because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We recommend that further research is done to improve the design and targeting of reminder packs.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different drugs (methyl prednolone, multiv vitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E, amrinone, prostaglandin E, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetZid, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All the trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant benefits of these drugs for any of the outcomes. Methydnisolones may protect the liver from ischaemic ischemic reperfusion injury, but this is shown in small trials. The use of these agents should be restricted to well-planned randomised clinical trials.
We searched for studies that compared the risk of kidney disease in people with cancer to the risk factors for this disease. We included studies that assessed the risk and incidence of kidney problems, as well as the risk-effect profile. We found 61 studies, which included 13, 327 people. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United States. The majority of studies were of high quality. The evidence is current to January 2015. The 52 studies evaluating the prevalence of kidney dysfunction included 13.327 people. Of these 52 studies, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) blood pressure, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in 0% to 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide) as risk factors. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer follow-up period with glomerulopathy. Twenty-two out of 52 studies assessed proteinuria, which was present among 851 participants. Four out of the 52 studies investigated hypophosphataemia, which is a proteinuria in people who have low blood pressure. One non-qualified study found no association between hypoph phosphatemia and TPR. One study investigated risk factors of hypophophosphatemia, but could not find any association. Two non-classified studies found long follow-ups to assess the risk factor for hypophoschaemia. Three non-licensed studies found that a higher body mass index increased the risk for hypertension. One of the risk Factors of hypertension reported by one eligible study were older
We identified two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan®, Nicosan®, Cajanus cajan® and Ciklavit®. The evidence is current to August 2014. The single trial of Nipri® suggests that Nipriprisan® may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cell disease. It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia. No serious adverse effects were reported. The trial of Cajanian® reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level. The results of the single trial Cajani® were not reported. Based on the published results for Niprim® and in view of the limitations in data collection and analysis of both trials, phytologines may have potential beneficial effects in reducing the painful crises of sickle cells in sickled blood. This needs to be further validated in future trials. More trials are required on the safety and efficacy of phytopharmacological interventions used in managing sicklecell disease.
We searched for evidence on 30 June 2016 and found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (chema-drug therapy) in individuals with HL and negative PET scans. The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based treatment or standard treatment. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. To date, data have been published for the PET- negative arms only, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials, 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET-less or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET- adapteded therapy and two in participants who received standard therapy. Progression-free survival was shorter in participants with PET adapted therapy (without radiotherapy), and in those receiving standard treatment with radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy (PET-adaptive therapy) versus radiotherapy and in participants in the PET group receiving chemotherapy but no radiotherapy versus standard radiotherapy, and in comparisons in those who received chemotherapy but radiotherapy but no additional treatment versus standard treatment, and those receiving chemotherapy plus radiotherapies. Short-term adverse events only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. Todate, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life, or short- and long-lasting adverse events are available. However, this systematic review found moderate-quality evidence
We found 31 randomised controlled trials that compared different hormonal birth-strollers. Many trials had small numbers of participants, and some had large losses. Many of the earlier studies had limited reporting of how birth-controlling pills were given. We still know little about the risk of obesity and weight gain. We found no new trials in 2014. Twenty-one trials looked at birth-control pills with a combined oral contraceptive (COC), and the few studies that looked at the same type of birth-pills were of low quality. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COC, and the results were not very clear. The studies were too small to be sure of the effects of these pills. Twelve of 34 studies looked at a type of injectable birth-prostaglandin (norethisterone) that is used to treat diabetes. The results of these studies were not clear. We could not tell if the injectable group had a better or worse glycogen (glycid) two-hour response. We did not find any clear evidence that birth-preventing pills with the same hormone (desogestre) were better than pills with levonorgestre. We also could not be sure that birth control pills with two levonorcepts (levonorgests) were more or less likely to cause weight gain than pills without levonORC. We were not sure if birth-performing pills were more expensive than pills that had two levorcept. We are not sure how birth control is best given to women who are not obese. We do know that birth Control pills with more than one hormone are better than birth control with less insulin. We cannot make strong statements about the effects on the body's ability to maintain normal blood glucose levels. We need more research to know if birth control methods are better or safer for women without diabetes. We have not found any studies that compared birth-related
We found 10 studies that compared land-based therapeutic exercise programmes with no treatment to treat hip pain. Nine of the 10 studies were conducted in the USA and one study in the UK. The 10 studies included 579 participants. The results of these 10 studies showed that exercise programmes can reduce pain and improve physical function among people with symptomatic hip OA. The studies also showed that the reduction in pain was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment. The quality of the evidence was generally high for pain reduction and improvement in physical function. The evidence for pain and physical function was of moderate quality. The included studies did not report on quality of life. The five studies reporting adverse events reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for pain, physical function and quality oflife. The main limitations of the included studies were that the studies were not blinded to the treatment group and the results may be vulnerable to bias as none of the studies reported how participants were allocated to treatment groups. The participants were also aware of which treatment they were receiving. The review authors recommend that future research should focus on the development of a more transparent reporting of pain, quality of physical function, and quality and adverse events.
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for people with MS, but more research is needed. The review authors identified nine trials that involved 260 people. Six trials compared the effects of exercise treatment with no treatment, three trials looked at two types of exercise treatments. The results of the present review show that there is strong support for the use of exercise therapy for people who have MS, and that it can be helpful in terms of muscle strength, exercise tolerance and activities. No clear evidence was found for the effects on mood. No studies were found that looked at the effects that specific types of specific exercise treatments were more successful in terms or less successful in improving the activities of people with the disease. No adverse effects of the treatment were described.
We found only one trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours) with a delayed (up to four months) laparoscopy. The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants). The trial compared early (less that 24 hours after diagnosis) laparateoscopic cholemusectomy (less or later than that of the gallbladder) with delayed laparoscope cholecysectomy (4 months after diagnosis). The participants were followed up for 4.2 months. The results of the trial were not available for the other outcomes. The participants who had early laparectomy were more likely to survive the operation than those who had delayed laparection. The proportion of people who died during the operation was lower in the early laparatectomy group (0.35% versus 2.5%). There were no deaths in the earlier laparectomy group (1.5% versus 1.5%) and there was no serious adverse events related to the surgery in either group. There were also no serious complications related to surgery in the delayed laparatection group (22.5%, compared with 9.5%), but complications developed in the later laparotomy group (4.2% versus 4.1%). The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema of the bile duct (n=1), gallbladders perforation (n°1), acute choleicystitis (a condition in which the gallstones are exposed to the gall, gallblad, gall, and bile, gallus, and liver, and obstructive jaundice (a yellowing of the skin), and recurrent biliary colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the late laparopoietic group as all the participants
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with short- or single dose prophyleptic drugs. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that long- or short-term antibiotics probably reduce the risk of serious infection in people undergoing orthognathic surgery. There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short- and long-duration antibiotic proclamations. There was no information on adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the main outcome of the review. The overall quality of evidence was low for the other outcomes. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in each trial.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women, comparing the two policies. The study was small and the number of women included in the study was too small to be sure that there were any important difference in the number who died or were stillborn. The women were given a caesarean birth (with or with a caepse). The study did not show that there was a difference in birth weight, breathing problems, need for repeat surgery or need for a caeesaren birth. The trial did not look at the effect of the elective preterm birth on the gestations of the babies. We could not tell if there were benefits or harms of the two approaches. We were not sure if the women who had an elective birth were more or less at risk of pre-eclampsia (e.g., pre-pneuma) than those who had a capsis (eclampic) birth. We did find that there is a trend for pre-preterm birth in women with pre-gastroschaemic pre-births. This is not clear if this is a good or a bad thing. We are not sure what the best way to give pre-term birth for pre term babies with gastroschisis. We found one small study, which was not large or of high quality. We do not know if there are any benefits or risks of the intervention. We need more research to find out.
We found three studies in adults with cancer, lasting up to one week. All studies used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine-like drugs of at least 60 mg or 70 mg, and 225 mg). The other drugs used were non-steroid drugs (NSAIDs), triclosporin, and naprops. We found no studies in people with children. The studies were at high risk of bias, which means that the true effect of paracetol may be very different from what we found. None of the studies reported on the outcomes we were most concerned with: pain relief of at at least 50%, and at least 30%, from the start; pain no worse than mild at the end; or improvement in patient global Impressions (PGIC) (a measure of how much the pain has improved). What pain reports we found did not show that par acetaminophen was better than a dummy pill (placebo), or that paractamol was better or worse than another painkiller. We could not find any convincing results for the other outcomes we had been looking for. We were not sure if par acetamate was better, worse, or the same as other pain killers. We did not find clear results for serious side-effects, such as nausea, dizzy spells, constipations, and sleep problems. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low, because of the small number of studies, and the small size of the trials.
This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there is not enough data to be sure that these drugs are safe and that they are of good use. There is a need for more randomised trials. There are also some trials that are ongoing. The trials are of poor quality. The review found that astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline and doxepin were the most commonly studied drugs. For the outcome of 'no clinically important change', a stemizole (asteemizole) and diphenHydramine (diphenhydra) were more efficacious than a dummy pill (disease control). Propantheine (propanthemonium citrate) and doxtramine were less efficacious, but both were more effective than dummy pills. Of the drugs studied, ory Zanol (rice bran oil, rice embryo oil and rice seed oil) was more efficent than the antimicrobotic didexapin (dye). The Chinese herbal suon wan (sour suo wan) showed benefit over doxapine. The quality of the evidence was poor. The studies were of poor methodological quality and the results were imprecise.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) with 195 people. Two trials compared the effects of inspirate muscle training with a threshold device; three trials tested expirate muscle-tracking with a device; one trial tested the effects on health- related quality-of- life; and one trial compared the effect of breathing exercise with no active control. The trials were of low- to very-low- quality. We found that people with MS who had inspirate or expiratory muscle-tapping muscle training were more than twice (6.5 cm/L) more likely to have a positive effect on their inspiratory pressure than people who did not have inspirate. However, the quality of the evidence was low because of limitations in the design of the trials and imprecision of the results. We could not combine the results of the studies because of the small number of participants and the small numbers of studies. We did not find any evidence that expirative muscle training had any harmful effects. We also found no evidence that regular breathing exercises had any beneficial effects. The quality of evidence was very low because the studies were small and the results were imprecise. We were unable to perform a meta-analysis for adverse events, no serious adverse events were mentioned in any of the included trials. The evidence is current to January 2018.
This review identified one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no treatment. This trial included 38 women with ITP (41 pregnant with 41 pregnancies). The trial was conducted in the USA and included 26 women (28 pregnancies). This trial did not provide any evidence about other medical treatments for ITP during pregnancy. The trial did, however, provide some evidence that compared to no medication, betametasone did not reduce the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia and neonatal bleeding in ITP. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review authors concluded that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of betametsone for treating ITP in pregnant women. This review also identified the need for well-designed randomised clinical trials for this medical condition during pregnancy, which should test a variety of important outcomes for the mother, her baby and/or both.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 or 81) that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus before the operation and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so we could not assess if the results from this study had affected the overall results of the review. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. A single case of graft failure in a penetrating keratinoplasty was reported. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. Instances of graft rejection were reported, in both groups, in the studies. The majority of these cases were successfully treated with steroids. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK. Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% confidence interval (CI) suggesting an imprecise estimate, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another with regards for graft failure. DALK was unable to
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Denmark and the UK. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). The evidence was of moderate quality. Women receiving iron were less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control. Women had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the time of intervention, and had a lower risk of iron deficiency compared to control. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Women taking iron had a reduced risk of anaemia compared to those receiving control, and were more likely to have a higher risk of haemodynamic measurements of haeoglobin concentration. Women who took iron were more prone to experiencing gastrointestinal side effects (such as abdominal pain, constipation, loose stools/diarrhoea, and abdominal pain). Women taking an iron supplement had an increased risk of having a hard stools or constipation compared to controls. Women in the control group had no evidence of an increased prevalence of nausea. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. The quality of the evidence was moderate for anaemia, and high for haemodynamics. The overall quality of evidence was high for iron supplementation.
This review identified five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of the irinotcan and fluoropyrimidine treatment over irinotspecine alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment setting study. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 and 4 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed as low to moderate quality. There was no reduction in all-cause mortality in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-free survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy (HR: 0). However, the quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression- free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment.
This review of trials found that a transverse incision is less likely to cause pain, to rupture the wound and to cause a herniate (wound dehiscence) and to make the wound look worse. There was no difference seen in the number of other early or late post-operative post-operative complications and the length of time it took to get back to the same level. The use of painkillers (painkillers) was also lower with a transversal incision. The risk of the wound dehisting and the herniation (wounds rupturing) was lower with transverse or oblowecision. There were no differences in the time it would take to get to the right place for the incision, the number or length of the incisions and the time to get home. The results of this review should be treated with some degree of care.
We included nine studies with a total of 9981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age of participants ranged from 33 to 351.7 years. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (participants and researchers were aware of the treatment they received). In four studies, participants were assigned to receive MBR or usual care. In the other four studies participants were allocated to receive either usual care or another type of treatment. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review found that people who received MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, and time away from work. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms that people could use their work-related outcomes, whereas effects for work- related outcomes were in the moderate range. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The included studies were of low to moderate quality. The main limitations of the available evidence were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. More high-quality studies are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphphonate treatment to a control group. Bisphosphonates were given to men with bone metastases from their prostate. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The evidence is current to September 2015. Bisplatin-based bisphosphoates probably reduce the number of skeletal-related events and the number that progressed to bone cancer. Bisphalosphonate administration probably increases the number and severity of nausea and renal side effects. Bisphasophosphonics probably decrease the number or the severity of bone metastasis and disease progression. Bisosphonatin-related side effects include kidney problems, pain, and decreased pain relief. Bispalosphonatide administration probably decreases the number (or the severity) of skeletal problems and the progression of disease. Bisbalosphonas probably decrease bone metastase progression and probably reduce bone cancer progression. These benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of kidney problems and nausea in men receiving bisphophosphoate. Bispanate administration may not be associated with a reduction in pain response. Bishanosphonata administration probably increased the number, severity, and side effects of kidney damage and nausea. Bisplanates probably decrease skeletal- related events and disease-related disease progression, but the quality of evidence for these outcomes is moderate. Bisbanates probably increase the number with kidney problems. Bismalosphonato administration probably reduces the number who experience bone cancer metastasis. Bisparate administration is probably associated with increased risk for kidney problems but the evidence for this outcome is moderate quality. Bispranate administration should be weighed with the increased risks of kidney impairment and nausea when compared to control regimens.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing HDT + ASCT with either no treatment, chemo-chemotherap, immuno-cholecyte or other treatments in people with FL. We found 5 RCTs, with 1093 patients. Four trials were in previously untreated and one in relapsed FL. The quality of the five trials is judged to be high. All trials were reported as randomised and were not blind. Due to this, we cannot be certain that the results are reliable. For survival, we found that HDT plus ASCT is more effective than either chemo or immuno in terms of time to death, tumour size, and overall disease free from the disease. For overall disease, we did not find a difference in terms (time) to death from the cancer, cancer recurrence, or side-effects. For the two subgroups (Rituximab and rituxin) of the trials, we were able to combine the results of two of the three groups (RCH) to obtain a combined result. We were able, however, to combine these results and found that rITuximbot (a drug that suppresses the growth of cancer) was more effective in terms survival, but this result was not transferrable to an OS. For side- effects, we could not find any difference in the risk of side-tides (main side-side effects were mostly infections, haematologic side-ups, and blood clots). For relapsed and treated FL, we also found that there is some evidence (one RCT) that HDt + ASC is more beneficial in terms for survival, cancer size, cancer growth, and side-effect profile. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, side-cancer recurrences, side effects, or other cancers. In summary, the currently published data suggest that HDTs +
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the UK and the United States. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) and mental state when compared with other treatments. WDD also caused fewer side effects. When WDD + antipsychotic was compared to antipsychotics alone, the combination group had better global state and mental health. However when WDD is compared with antipsychoids alone, there was no effect on global or mental state, but WDD caused fewer adverse effects. The combination group also caused less weight gain. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of W DD for people with schizophrenia.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found three new studies (228 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We found 12 studies with 799 participants. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (moderate-quality results). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain at first day between multistingrand and thermoels. 3. Conventional NiTi versus su pererelactic NiTi arches. There are three studies in these group, and it is not appropriate for us to analyse them. We are unable to determine from these three studies to decide whether there are any differences between conventional and su perelastic niTi arch wire materials with regard to either alignment or pain (low to very low-quality data). 4. Con conventional NiTi vs thermoelaelastic ni ti arch wires There are two studies, but we are unable for us not to analyse these studies. There may be no difference in the pain at the first day of use between conventional Ni Ti and su pneumatic NiTi or between conventional or supelelastic Ni ti arch wire material. 5. Superelactic niTi versus single-strand supelastic ni Ti. There
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one study that met our inclusion criteria. This study included 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study was conducted in 16 nursing homes in France. The participants were followed up for three months. The results of the study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item score scale). For the CMAI, the study reported a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing, Verbally Non- Aggressive Beh behaviour, such a repetition of a word or action, and Physically Aggressive Behavior, such an action, such is hitting. For the OS, the results were not statistically significant. For all other domains, the CBAI scales showed improvement in the intervention group. The evidence is current to January 2017. The quality of the evidence was very low. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research on the effectiveness and safety of this intervention is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, and two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One of these two trials compared the use of different types of leave on skin care with each other. One trial tested the use and frequency (of applying) of different leave on products. One study tested the frequency (amount of product) of the use. We found that soap and water perform poor in the treatment of IAD. We did not find any trials that tested the effect of soap and washcloths. We also found that a washcloth with a washbrush, soap, and protecting properties might be more effective than soap and a washlet. We could not find trials that compared different types and frequencies of leave-on products. We concluded that there is little evidence on the effects of interventions for preventing and treating IAD in adults. The evidence in this review is current up to 28 September 2016.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 333 participants in our review. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, but three trials were in the care home and two were in an out-of-patient setting. The studies were of low quality. The evidence is up to date to September 2014. The review found that there were no significant improvements in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. However, the quality of the evidence was very low and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There was a reduction in the time taken for patients to recover from the illness, but this result was not clinically meaningful. There were no differences between the treatment and control groups for the other outcomes. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but the effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. There is no evidence that antiviral agents (acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclvir) are effective in treating IM. The quality of evidence is very low. The majority of included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention. The results of the review should be treated with caution as the quality and quantity of evidence was low.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either the insulin glargine (a drug that suppresses blood sugar) or the insulin-receptor antagonist, detemir (a medicine that suppress the growth of insulin receptors). The results of the trials were not consistent. Insulin glargin was dosed once-daily in the morning. Insulins were given once-weekly in three studies. Insusdemiral injections were given twice-daily. The results were not significant in terms of blood sugar control, nocturnal and severe hypooglycemic control, and there was no difference in the number of injection site reactions. Insurition with glargines was more likely to cause weight gain. There was no clear difference in blood glucose levels in 24-hour blood tests. It was not clear if there was a difference in health- related health-based quality-of- life.
This review of trials found that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of patients with faecal incontinence. However, SNS did not improve symptoms in a similar number (53) of patients. Side effects were reported in a number (6%) of patients: pain at the site of the implant, a small patch of skin at the top (serum), tingling in the vaginal region, and pain at site of a small incontinent patch (seromusculitis) in the thigh (fecal fissure) (9%) and pain in the leg (1%). Side effects of SNS were reported by a proportion (1%) of participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain during temporary testing (1); and pain following insertion of a neurostimulator (2); and abdominal pain and bloating (1) during the 'off' period (1 (SD, 1.7) compared with the 'on' period. Side effect data were not available for the other two comparisons. In the crossover trial by Kahlke and colleagues, 14 participants with FI experienced significantly lower episodes of bowel incontipation per week during the stimulator 'on', compared with a group of five participants who preferred the 'offs' period, however, the median (range) episodes of faeca incontension per week rose from 1.8 (SD 0 to 11) during one week to 1.9 (SD 1.0) during two weeks. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning with 59 participants, S NS did not increase frequency of bowel movements and 73 adverse events were reported, which included pain at sites of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound infection (12), and urological (17) events. The limited evidence from the included trials suggests that S NS can improve the continence of a proportion in a percentage of patients, but SNS does not improve the symptoms of bowel problems. Rigorous
The review of trials found that molar tubes bonded with either a chemical-cure or light-cured (glas ionomer) cement were more prone to decay (wet) than molar bands bonded with glass-cored (glassy) or light (cure) cement. The risk of tooth decalcation (wearing of the teeth) was also higher with molar tubs bonded with molars cemented with glass ionomer than molars soldered with glass. No other side-effects were found. The two trials that we found were of good quality. More high- quality trials are needed.
We searched scientific databases for studies that compared EUS with other methods of screening. We included 66 articles published between 1988 and 2012. We found 66 articles that were eligible for inclusion in the review. We collected the data on 7747 patients with stomach cancer who were staged (diagnosed) with EUS. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Turkey, and the UK. The quality of the included studies was good. The diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be considered useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with stomach cancers. However, the diagnostic accuracy was not optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion, especially for the ability of EUs to distinguish T1a (mucosal) versus T1b (submucosa) cancers and positive versus negative lymph node status. Moreover, physicians should be warned that EUS diagnostic performance is lower in diagnosing superficial tumors (T1a versus T2) and lymph node (positive versus negative) status. Overall, we observed large heterogeneity and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be drawn about the use of EU in routine clinical settings. Therefore, all accuracy measures reported in the present work and summarizing the available evidence should be interpreted cautiously. Moreover we must emphasize that the analysis of positive and negative likelihood values revealed that EU diagnostic performance cannot be considered optimal either either for confirmation or exclusion, and that EUs diagnostic performance was lower in the ability to distinguish superficial tumors and lymph nodes.
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 people. The trials compared day surgery versus overnight stay laparoscopical operation for symptopic (surgically active) gallstone-infected patients. The number of people in each of the six trials ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age of the people in the trials was 40 to 47 years. The proportion of women in the studies varied between 74% and 84%. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that day-surgery appears to be as safe as overnight stay surgery in laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups. There were no significant differences in quality of life between the groups. The quality of the evidence was not significantly different between the studies. There is no significant evidence that day surgery is better than overnight stay for any patient-oriented outcomes such as return to normal activity or earlier return to work. The results of the trials supporting these statements are weakened by risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). More randomised trials are needed to assess the impact of day-surgical laparoscope cholecopy on the quality of lives of patients.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more people than the previous version. Two studies used a placebo control and six were blinded, which means that the people in the control group knew which treatment they were getting. We found four studies (1272 people). The studies were of generally good quality. High-concentration topical capsaicin was used to treat post-herpetic nerve pain, post-HIV-neuropathy, and pain in the legs. High concentration capsaicins produced more pain relief than control groups. The results should be viewed with some caution, as we found that the quality of the studies was very low. The studies did not report on the effects of high- or low-concordance capsaicine. High levels of pain were more common in people with post-Herpetic neuralgia, painful diabetic neuropathy, or painful diabetic nervepathy. High concentrations of capsaicina were used to reduce pain in pain in people who had painful diabetic nerves. High doses of capsicin were used in two studies (571 people) and in one study (369 people). High- or very low-intensity capsaicines produced moderate or substantial pain relief in people suffering from painful diabetic pain. High intensity capsaicinas did not cause serious side effects. The quality of evidence was very limited, as the studies were small and the results were not consistent. We rated the quality as moderate or very limited for pain relief, and very low for side effects, because of small numbers of studies and small numbers. We downgraded the quality because of poor reporting of study results.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition (iipsoide) of stroke. We combined the results of the three trials, which were of high- and low-certainty, to provide a pooled result. We found that the risk of stroke was higher in people with less than 30% stenosis, but there was no difference in the risk in people who had more than that. The risk of a stroke was the same in people whose stenosis was more than 70% to 99% (moderate-quality evidence). The risk was the opposite in people having a stroke with 70% or more stenosis. The evidence was of moderate-quality for people with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis (moderate quality evidence), and for people having 70% and 99% stenotic narrowing (moderate and high-quality, respectively). We found no evidence of benefit in people without near-occlusion (high-quality data). The evidence is current to January 2018.
We searched for studies that compared the two surgical techniques for the treatment of parastomies. We found 10 studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants were adults with a wide range of diseases. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The results of the studies were inconclusive for the incidence of paratomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or stoma related mortality. The evidence is current to August 2016. The available evidence is of low or very low quality. The included studies were of poor quality. We were unable to determine whether one technique was better than the other for preventing parastomal hernia. The quality of the evidence was very low for the outcomes of parotomal herniation and stoma prolapse. The overall quality of evidence was low or low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the available evidence were the small numbers of participants and the fact that the results were inconsistent. The review authors recommend that future studies should be designed to provide more reliable evidence to guide clinical practice.
We searched for evidence on 20th September 2013 and found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our primary outcomes in interest. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation, clinical improvements in mental health and satisfaction with treatment, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapies but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low quality. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 participants with cancer-related pain. Most studies were of low quality. Most were small and had problems with study design. Most people with moderate or severe cancer pain were randomised to NSAIDs initially, but fewer people with pain that was not very bad or severe had completed or had the results of their treatment. We found that NSAIDs can help some people with cancer pain to get on with their treatment, and that some people can have pain that is no worse than mild or no worse at all after one or two weeks. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of NSAIDs on death, or side-effects. We judged the quality of the studies as low, and we were not able to combine the results to give a clear picture. We are not sure if NSAIDs are better than other drugs for cancer-specific pain.
We found two studies, which involved 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and reported that pain was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the group treated with a fake medicine (placebo). This was the result from a visual analog (a chart that records the amount of pain on a chart) and the second was from a study that only addressed one of the predefined outcome of the review; i.e., pain intensity. The mean difference in the number of painful crises (i.e. days in hospital), was 1.78 days in the dalteparin (a heptaparin) group, and 4.98 days in those in the tiniest group (a dummy pill). The mean time to the onset of pain (the time from the start of the study to the end) was 1 day in the placebo group and 1.98 in the Tiniaparin groups. The study also reported that participants treated with tinzAP had fewer hospitalisation days than participants in the control group, with a mean difference of 4.99 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the Tinzaparan group, but none were reported in the dummy pill group. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed the outcome of pain intensity, i.i. pain intensity; after one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the Daltepin group than the placebo groups. This was a study with a low-molecular-weight heparin group, which was a very low quality study. The quality of evidence was very low for most outcomes. The main reasons for downgrading the quality of the evidence were serious risk of systematic errors (risk of bias), imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events) and
We searched for randomised controlled trials comparing anticoagulants with anticoageulants in people with carotid carfentanil-dissected arteries. We did not find any randomised trials that directly compare anticoactive drugs with anticlots. We found 36 observational studies (1285 patients) that compared anticoactin-based drugs with antiplatelet drugs. There were no trials that compared either anticoaceulants or antiplatelets with control. There was no evidence to support the routine use of anticoages for the treatment of carotids in people who have had a carotide artery dissection.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. We grouped the trials by the type of wound, the type and the type (wound type) of the wound, and the silver preparation. We found 26 trials with 2066 patients. Thirteen trials (in a number) looked at the use (in different ways) of silver-coated gauze (in one trial) and six trials (nine) looked (in six) at the effect of a silver-collected cream (in five) on wound infection. There was not enough evidence to be sure that silver-based dressings or creamings prevent wound infection, but there was some poor- quality research evidence for SSD cream. There is not yet enough evidence (in 26 trials) to be certain that silver, or any other type, of dressings, cream or dressing, or that silver sulphadiazine (SSD), is effective in preventing wound infection or slowing wound healing.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus the use other antibiotics for the treatment (e.g. carbapenems) of adults with VAP. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found no difference in the number of deaths or clinical cure between people receiving either a single antibiotic or multiple antibiotics. We did not find a difference between the use or combination of antibiotics for people with VAB. We also found that carbapens are associated with a statistically significant increase in the clinical cure. We could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP, but carbapenos as a class may result in better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. The quality of evidence for adverse events was low. We judged the quality of the evidence for all-cause mortality, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to be very low. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin for clinical cure in the clinically evaluable population and there was a statistically positive increase in clinical cure for imipanem-cielastatin. Of importance, this effect was due to one study. Since studies did not identify patients with increased risk for multidrug-resistant bacteria, these data may not be generalisable to all patient groups. However, this is the largest meta-Analysis comparing monotherapy to multiple antibiotic therapies for VAB and contributes further evidence to the safety of using effective monotherapy for the empiric treatment of VAP and provides further evidence that carbapsens are effective for the use in the treatment of adults.
We found 29 studies investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. The policies were generally of poor or elderly people, or both, in drug-free settings. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The policy changes varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services. Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased treatment discontinuity and the use other health service without reducing overall drug expenditures. Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug usage. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Implementing restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of selected medications can decrease third-party drug spending without increasing the use or the use for other health care services. Relaxed reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to publically financed drug benefits for seniors and low income populations, for example), also require explicit measurement.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 19 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies included a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. One study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points. The same two studies reported on plaque. There were no differences between the interventions in plaque reduction at all points. Two other studies reported dental decay at 6 months and 12 months respectively. There is no evidence that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gingsivitis, plaque or dental decay. Five studies compared some form of self-management versus some form or routine OHA and found little evidence of any difference between the two groups. None of the studies measured dental decay or gingival decay. Seven studies compared enhanced OHA with some form and routine Oha. There are no differences in the outcomes between the groups. There has been insufficient high-quality research to recommend any specific one- to-one oral health maintenance or improvement method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high- quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of one to-to one OHA for oral health. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
This review found five small trials that compared oral steroids with placebo (a fake drug) or no treatment. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or a fake drug were included. One trial (40 participants) reported that people who took oral steroids had a better overall pain relief than those who took a fake medicine. The other two trials (28 and 32 people) showed that people in the oral steroid group had a slightly better pain relief and better range of shoulder movement than those in the no-sugar-based group. The third trial (28 people), which was of high quality, showed that oral steroids were more likely to help people with shoulder pain than no treatment, but the effect was not maintained beyond 6 weeks. The trial (32 people), of which one was of good quality, found that people taking oral steroids felt more pain-free and had a little more range of arm and leg movement. The study (32 adults) found that the people in this group were more able to move their arms and legs more than those not taking oral drugs. The studies were of low or very low quality. The review found that there was some low-level of evidence that people treated with oral steroids may have a short-term benefit in terms (less than six weeks) of pain relief, range of movement and shoulder function in adhesive capsulitis. There were minimal adverse effects reported.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three studies compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogenous to allow the pooling of the results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided any detailed data on the outcome of ALS functional rating scale at six months. One of the three trials contained data in a form that could be used for quantitative analysis. No difference was seen in the ALSFRS-R score and the ALS manual muscle test (MMT) score at 12 months in this trial. None were seen in any of the other outcomes. None was found to be harmful. There is not yet enough evidence to draw any conclusions on the efficacy and side-effects of r tMS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised clinical trial on people with ALS.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 people) of high risk (risk of bias) of randomised trials. All studies involved people with BP and were at high risk of being biased. All trials compared different treatments. In one trial plasma exchange plus steroids gave better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20- 293.70) than prednisone plus plasma, while in the same trial no difference was seen in the disease at 6 months. No difference in the number or type of side-effects was seen for any of the different treatments, and no difference in disease control was seen when adding tetracycline plus prednnisolones (1.0 mg/ kg: RR 1.79, 95%, CI 1 to 2.90), for azathioprine plus prednisolone (1 trial), for tetratecline and nicotinamide (1 study) compared with prednisolate plus prednasolone, for azatec plus prednaolone compared with tetradec plus a placebo (1 small trial), or for tetracline plus predniaolone plus predniolone versus prednisoid plus a corticosteroid (1 large trial). Chinese traditional medicine plus prednesone was not effective in one trial. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids (clobetasol) with a milder regimen (cloetasole) in one study. In another trial, clobetaseol showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisoids in people with extensive and moderate disease, with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events (RR 1.06, 95. CI 1-0.00 to 1.12). Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by
This review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of people with symptoms of irritable bowels. However, the trials were of poor quality, and the results should be treated with some degree of caution. Some herbs, such as the Chinese herbs, may be helpful in the treatment of irritative bowels, but the trials that have been done so far have been small, and their results should not be taken at face-to-face.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of LNG and LNG regimens in women with infrequent sex. The trials included a total of 12,400 women. The studies were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated were LENAs (11 studies), LNG 0.75 mg (11 trials), LENAS (4 trials), and other drugs and other hormonal drugs (7 trials). The studies reported on the effects on the number of women who stopped using LNG, the number who had a pregnancy, and side effects. The LNG was reasonably efficacious, safe, and accepted by most of the women. Most of the side-effects were mild. The women in the studies liked LNG in spite of frequent menstrual irregularity. The results of the studies of LENas were consistent. The most common side- effects were menstrual irregularness, but the studies did not show a consistent effect of the number or dose of LENNAS on the frequency of pill intake or the total dose of the drug. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The included studies were of good methodological quality but many had serious methodological issues. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety in the use of LNNAs as a primary method of contraception among women with frequent sex. If the method is shown to be efficacious and safe, it may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
We included 15 studies with 561 participants in this review. The studies were conducted across Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young people, although the two studies that included a much wider age range (12 to 54) were from a much broader age range. The distribution of patients in the studies (eight of 15) was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients (in seven of the 15 studies). The studies compared surgical anchorage with either a conventional or a mini-screentapere (a piece of metal that is inserted through the top of the head) to prevent the teeth from moving. We found that there was strong support for the use of surgical anchachment for the prevention of tooth decay. There was no clear evidence that any one type of anchorage was better than any other. There is also some evidence that the use and acceptance (for the most people) of the use (reinforced) of anchoring is more likely to be improved with surgery. There were no reports of side-effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for the primary outcome, mesiodistal (molar tooth decay), and as low for the other outcome. We judged the quality to be high for other outcomes, such as pain, and low for other outcome data. We downgraded the quality due to the small number of studies, the small sample size, and the small size of the trials.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to January 2019. We found that statins reduce the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and death from any cause by 20% in people with CKD who did not have CVD at baseline. Statins also reduce the risks of stroke and death by 20%. Statins have uncertain effects on progression of CKD. We were unable to determine the effects of statin therapy on kidney function. We could not identify any harms from statin treatment. We are uncertain about the effects on stroke and kidney function because the effects were not well reported. We cannot be certain about the effect of statins on CVD risk in people who have CKD because the results of the studies were not consistent. We do not know if statins are harmful. We recommend that further research is conducted to determine whether statins can prevent CVD in people without CKD and their effects on the risk factors for CVD.
We searched for studies that compared the use of painkillers for pain in children with cystic fibroids. We found nine studies that involved a total of 379 children. Nine trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. The children in the studies had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies were parallel designed RCTs. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) and all of the OI trials evaluated bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five out of the eight identified studies. For the two ITB studies for pain with CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo). In the two BoNT-a trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT A trials mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who were given alendroneate. The trial investigating pamidine found no evidence that pain was reduced with the intervention. No adverse events were reported in this trial. Overall the quality of the included studies was mixed. Only one study involved over 100 participants. In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epile
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared latrepirdine with placebo (a pretend drug) or another drug in people with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. The evidence is current to February 2017. We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were also included in the analyses. No data were available from the seventh trial. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United States. The results of the trials were imprecise and we were unable to determine whether latrepiritine had any effect on cognition, behaviour or function. However, there was some evidence showing a very small benefit of latrepircine on the neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoints (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that latrepirthine and placebo were comparable in adverse events (adverse events include: serious adverse events, dropouts due to adverse events and dropouts because of adverse events). The quality of the evidence provided on these outcomes was low. The quality was downgraded because of the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and the likelihood of bias of the studies. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse effects compared with placebo, there is no effect of latREPirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of the drug on neuropsychological symptoms in AD.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RICs) involving 735 people with ischaemic stroke. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemia. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of having a stroke in people who have had a stroke due to blockage of the arteries (intracapulverous blockage), and stroke in those who have a block in the arteries due to cerebral small vessel disease. We did not find any evidence that the risk was reduced by RCT. We also found low quality evidence that people with stroke who have been treated with RCTs may be more likely to have a stroke if they have had an ischemic stroke. In people with a block or block in their arteries, RCT may be better than non RCT treatment for preventing stroke. There was no evidence that it was more effective for treating stroke. The evidence was of low to very low-certainty. We could not combine the results of the trials to draw any firm conclusions about the effects on the risks of stroke. No trial reported ischaemic stroke, recurrences, improvement in brain and neck function, or side-effects. We were not able, however, to draw firm conclusions, on the risk-effect ratio (the proportion of people who had a recurrable stroke, who had an infarct, who experienced a stroke, or the risk for stroke in the future). We found no RCT on the effects RCT for people with brain and spinal cord injury, who were undergoing carotid stent. We are uncertain about the effect of RCTS for people who are having a block. We have found low to low- and very-certainties about the risk and benefits of RITs for people. We cannot be sure that RCT is better than no RIC for people having a heart or blood clot in the brain. We do not
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of several or both treatment groups) with 204 pre-term infants. We found that protein supplements increased short- and long-term growth, and also led to longer stays in the neonatology unit, and higher blood ureter concentrations. There was no clear evidence of a clear difference in the rate of growth of skin fold (skin fold) between the protein-supplemented and un-supplied groups. There were no data on long- and short-term effects on the risk of feeding intolerant or necrotizing enterocolitis, or on the effects of the protein supplements on the body's ability to maintain muscle strength. We did not find any data on the long-- and the short-- term effects of protein supplements. We rated the quality (the overall quality) of the studies as low, which means we are very unsure of the results. We could not be sure that the results would be generalisable to low- or middle class settings, as none of these studies were done. We also could not tell if the effects were harmful, as the studies were small, and the results were not consistent. We were not able, therefore, to draw any firm conclusions on the effect of the addition of protein to pre-natal milk.
We searched for studies that compared PEMs to no intervention, to other types of PEM, or to a combination of PEMS and no intervention. We found 45 studies: 14 RCTs (14 studies), 31 ITS (31 ITS) and 44/45 studies that assessed PEM use in the professional setting. The results of this review suggest that PEM may be effective in the practice of professional care, but we do not know if PEM are effective in patient care. There is not enough evidence to be sure that PEMS are helpful in the patient's care.
This review of 23 randomised controlled trials found that interventions for young girls which aim to promote sexual behaviours which are likely to reduce STI transmission, including condom use, can be effective. There were few studies that looked at HPV (a human papillomaviral infection), but these were often of poor quality. There was some evidence that some of the programmes were effective in increasing the use of condoms. There is a need for more research in this field.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2014. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychotherapy with cognitive behavior therapy. Participants receiving brief psycho education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term and medium term. Participants were also more likely to comply with medication in the medium term, and were more likely than those who received routine care to be able to take their medication. Participants who received brief psychoeducational interventions were less prone to relapse than those given routine care. Participants in the brief psycho Education group were more satisfied with their treatment and were less anxious and depressed than those in the routine care group. Participants with brief psychoediation were more able to complete medication compliance tests than those with routine treatment. Participants' mental state was improved in the shorter term, but not in the long term. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved in those who had brief psycho eduction. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in the shortest term, nor in the death rate in either group. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, brief psychoanalysis of any form appears to reduce relapse in the mid-term, and promote medication compliance in the very short term. A brief psychoeducated approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included participants with COPD who had not had a flare up in the past year. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent exacerbations was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk for bias due to poor reporting of study methods and possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Follow up ranged from six to 52 months. Compared to the LABA+LABA arm, the results for the primary outcomes for the LAMA+LAB arm were as follows: exacerbations, serious adverse events (SAE), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the baseline, and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change from baseline. Compared with the LAPA+LABC arm, we found that LAMA has fewer exacerbations and a larger improvement in FEV1, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 units or more of the SGRQ. These data were supported by low or moderate quality evidence generated from mainly participants with moderate to severe COPD in heterogeneous trials with an observation period of less than one year. Our findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. All children were discharged from the emergency department without being treated. The studies compared heliox with 30% humidified air (30% of the body's normal airway pressure) or with 30%, 30%, or with one dose (0.3 mg/kg) of dexamethasone (0,6 mg/g) for 60 minutes or no treatment. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found no new studies for this update. The trials were of low quality, and the evidence was limited. The results of one study showed that children treated with heliox may have slightly better croup scores at 60 minutes postintervention, but there may be no difference between groups at 120 minutes. Children treated with a dose of dex amethason may have lower respiratory rates at 60 and 90 minutes, but this may be similar to the effect of 30% oxygen. The children treated in this study may have had similar mean respiratory rates and heart rates at 20 minutes. The effect of heliox on hospitalisation rates was not reported. The other two studies showed that heliox was no better than 30% of normal airways pressure for children with mild to moderate croup. The third study showed no difference in hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low-quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. We could not combine the results of the studies because each comparison included data from only one study. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all of the outcomes.
The review of trials found that the use of red flags to screen for vertebral fracture in patients with LBP is not helpful. Based on evidence from single studies, few red flags are useful. Most have poor diagnostic accuracy as measured by impreise results. When combinations of red flag tests are used, the results of these tests seem to be more accurate. It should be noted, that red flag use should be considered in the light of the fact that the red flag test is often false positive.
This review identified two randomised trials that compared urethral dilatation and urethroplasties in 210 men. The first trial was carried- out in the USA and the second trial was conducted in the UK. Both trials were conducted in men with urethra stricture following pelvic fracture injury. The results of the trials were inconclusive. There were insufficient data to determine which treatment was the best for urethr stricture disease in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs.
We found six trials (including one trial testing two relevant protocols) that met our criteria. The trials were of high methodological quality. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, or persistent, asthma were included. There was no significant group difference in the risk of one or more flare ups (1204 patients) or asthma attacks (1284 patients). The risk of asthma attacks was the same for both groups. There were no significant effects on the risk for asthma attacks on lung growth, airway obstruction, asthma control, asthma medication use, adverse effects, hospital admissions, or withdrawals. In children and young people, there was low-to-very-low-growth-suppressing effect of inhaled budesonide and beclomimetic (budesonide or beclomethasone) compared to daily treatment. There is no significant difference in serious adverse health events between the two treatment groups. The evidence is current to September 2014.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary advice with or with lifestyle advice. Six studies (739 people) compared dietary patterns (741 participants) including one study (191 participants) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 participants) that increased fruit and vegetable intake, two (355 participants) with a Mediterranean diet and one (12 participants) which followed a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). The evidence is current to January 2018. The evidence was of very low quality. The studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In absolute terms, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Across all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Dietary intervention may have uncertain effects on mortality, cardiovascular events and ESKDP among people with chronic kidney disease as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. Dietary treatments may have lowered systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood blood pressure (lower blood pressure) and blood pressure diastol (lower heart rate) compared to a control diet. Dietary diets may have had uncertain effects in reducing the risk of adverse events. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels, but the certainty of this effect is very low as the evidence was from only one study. The quality of the evidence for dietary interventions was very-low. The included studies were generally of low or unclear quality, which lowered
We found only one study that compared the effectiveness of mist or steam inhalation with nebulaed salbutamol and nebulised sal but amitriptyne for bronchiolitis. The study was conducted in a hospital in the USA. The results showed that nebulised salbutamicol was an effective intervention for young children with bronchioed bronchia but mist in a tent did not lead to a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score. The trial did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalations or mist therapy for acute bronchiolaitis in children up to three years old.
We searched for studies that compared statins with placebo (a pretend treatment) or with no statin (placebo) in people with Alzheimer's or vascular disease. We found four studies (11 54 people with an age range 50 to90). All participants had a history of Alzheimer's and were already on statins. The evidence is up- to- date as of August 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, France, Germany, Italy and Japan. The mean age of participants was between 50 and 90 years. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin. All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from baseline. There was no benefit from the statin statin in MMSE. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. When we combined data, the statins did not improve cognitive function or behaviour compared with placebo. There were no significant differences in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living between the statine and placebo groups. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We did not find any studies assessing role of statins in treatment of vascular dementia.
This review identified four studies involving 149 participants. Two studies assessed the effect of night-splinting in a total of 26 children and people with Chcot- Marie-Tooth disease. There were no significant benefits of night splinting on ankle range of motion. One of these two studies assessed prednnisones (a drug that is used to treat muscle weakness) and found no benefit. One study assessed prednisone (a steroid) in 103 boys with Duchenne muscle dystrophies. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/d had some benefits in some strength, function and muscle strength parameters, there was no difference in ankle range (dorsal range) of motion (density) in the group that was given prednosextone (an anti-inflammatories). One of the two prednoses, prednasextone 1.5 mg/g/day, had no significant effect on ankle movement. One trial evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with muscular dystrophy. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. There is no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range in Charcot-Marie-Toental disease type 1A or Duchennes muscular dystphy. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing upright and ambulant (with or with the use) versus recumbent (with and out of bed) and bed care. The trials were of good quality, but the way they were conducted was not. The results of the trials were not all consistent. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and did not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. The quality of the evidence was variable. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of women in each group. More research is needed to confirm the true benefits and risks of upright and mobile positions compared with recumbency.
We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any treatment with no or with an active treatment. We found three randomized controlled studies, but we could not find any RCTs that had a long-term follow- up. We identified one study that had high risks of bias. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 people with TOS and compared transaxillum toxin (TFRR), a botulum toxin injection, and supraclavic nerve block (SNBP), a device that blocks the blood supply to the brain. TFRR was found to be more likely to reduce pain than SNBP. There were no side-effects. The second trial, which met our other requirements, compared 37 people with a TOS of TOS, of which 37 had TOS in the 'disputed' form, with a botusum toxin treatment (BTX), which was given to 37 people who had TBS. There was no difference in pain between the two groups. The trial had a low risk of bias, but there were no serious side- effects. The last trial, with 37 people, was of low risk and had a high risk of being at high-bias. There is no evidence that BTX is better than no treatment. There are no side effects of BTX. There may be some benefit from transaxilum toxin, but the evidence is of very low to low-to-very-low-grade. There has been no evidence from RCTS for the use of other treatments. We need more high-level trials to assess the effects of treatments.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that a hand brace (four weeks) and ultrasound treatment for two weeks were not significantly beneficial. However one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound which was maintained at six months. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Compared to placebo, pooled data for two-week oral steroid treatment demonstrated a significant improvement in symptoms. One trial also showed improvement after four weeks. Compared with placebo, diurestics or nonsteroid anti-inflammatories did not demonstrate significant benefit. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In another trial involving 21 people carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved symptoms after three weeks compared to no treatment. In the third trial involving 50 participants, steroid and insulin injections significantly improved pain over eight weeks. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and function. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not show symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit when comparing to placebo. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 people. One trial compared IVS with observation and one trial compared dexamethasone with sham injections. The two RCTs were funded by the manufacturer. The evidence is up-to- date as of August 2018. The trials enrolled a combined total of 165 participants with CRVO-ME. The trial participants were followed up for 8 months. The other trial enrolled a group of people with CRV-ME with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion. The study participants were monitored for 8-month follow-up. The results of the two trials were not consistent. The CRVO trial showed that IVS was not associated with improvement in visual acuity after six months. However, the trial investigators reported that participants treated with 1 mg (n = 82) or 4 mg (83) IVS intravitreal injections were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual vision compared with participants in the observation group. However the average visual acision decreased in all three groups. The treatment group treated with IVS lost fewer letters than the observation groups at 8 months, but the average difference was not statistically significant. The IVS group had a higher incidence of adverse events than the control group. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. The quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting. The included trials were at high risk of bias due to incomplete outcome data in SCORE and selective outcomes reporting in GENEVA.
This review of six trials involving 394 children found that intranasal corticostimulants (drugs that block the growth of mucus) may reduce the size of the nose in these children. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that beclomethasone (336 mcg/day), a drug that blocks mucus, improved nasal symptoms and reduced the size (mean symptom score) in 38% (38%) of the children who were treated, whereas none (14% of the people in the beclomimol group) who were not treated with be clomiphene (400 mcg) had such an effect. The third trial showed that 77.7% (77.7) of the 77.8% of children treated with mometasone (100 mcg daily) for 40 days showed an improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms and a decrease in adenoid size, such that adenoidsectomy could be avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline. The fourth parallel-group trial showed a larger reduction in adnoid size than isotonic saline solution (P < 0.05). The fifth parallel- group trial demonstrated that eight weeks of treatment with fluticasone significantly reduced nasal obstruction and adenoidal size, and adnoidsectomy was avoided in 77% of patients compared to 20% in the placebo group. In contrast, one parallel-study did not find a significant improvement in either nasal obstruction or adenodysplasia symptoms nor in adenaoid size after eight weeks treatment with beclometrica (200 mcg per day). Current evidence suggests that intralogical corticosteroids may significantly improve nasal obstruction in children with moderate to severe adenitis in the nose, and this improvement may be associated with a reduction in the size and appearance of the nasal cavity. The long-term efficacy of intranal cortics in
We searched for evidence on 5 February 2016 and found one study that involved 24 women. The study was conducted in Mexico and involved women who were not labouring. The women were given either an epidural block or an antihypertensive drug (antihypertensives) or a control group who received antihysteric drugs, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole. The control group received anti-hypertension drugs and the control group was given an epidurals. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days later); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious complications (defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema, pulmonary hypertension, and preterm birth); death in utero (birth before 37 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (births plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths within the first 28 days after birth, deaths after the first month, preterm births (birth after 37 weeks’ gestation), and pre-term birth (birth of the baby before 37 completed weeks‘ gestation). The included trial did not provide any information on the baby outcomes. The only outcome that was reported was the Apgar score of the newborn baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. The epidural agents lowered the vasomotor tone of the mother and baby. However, the change in the change of the mean arterial pressure and systolic arterial pressures,
We searched for evidence on 15 September 2016. We included 16 trials with 927 participants. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention). Glucocortics were administered orally or parenterally for a median 28 days (range 3 days to 12 weeks). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no evidence of effect of glucococorticaosteroids on all-cause mortality up to three months following randomisation, or on health-related quality of life up to one month after treatment. There were no serious adverse events during treatment, liver-related mortality up up to two months following treatment, number of participants with any complications up to up to four months following the start of treatment, and number of people with non-serious adverse events up to at least three months' follow-up after end of treatment. The certainty of evidence was very low for all- cause mortality and health- related quality oflife, and low for health-based quality of the life. The quality of evidence for all outcomes was very poor. The trials were at overall high risk of bias. All trials but one were at risk of systematic error (risk of overestimating benefits and underestimating harms of gluccorticostoids). The quality and quantity of data were very low. The evidence is up to date to September 2016, and we are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference between glucocorts and placebo or placebo or control on all cause mortality, serious adverse event, and health related quality-of-life. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events
We found four studies that involved 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The interventions included a simulator-based driving programme, a skill-based approach, and a retrain of vision, such as retraining of visual processing, and visual motor skills. We found no clear evidence that the use of a driving simulator improved the scores of people who had a stroke. We did, on the other hand, find that it may have helped people to learn to recognise road signs. There was not clear evidence of an effect on the scores on the test-ride test, or on the tests of driving skills, at six months. There were no adverse effects. We were not able, at the present, to draw any conclusions on the effects of the intervention on the vision, other aspects of cognition, and on the driving behaviours. We could not find any studies that assessed the effects on the ability to drive on-the road. We are uncertain whether the use a driving simulator is effective in helping people to improve their driving skills. There is a need for more research in this field.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted at hospitals with 519 participants. The average age of participants ranged from 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men in the studies was 58% to 84%, and COPD was either severe (severe asthma) or very (severe COPD). Corticostoids (prednisolone, prednate and prednaline) were given at equivalent doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration (10 to 14 days) treatment. Five of the studies were funded by the drug manufacturer. Five trials compared short- duration (three to seven day) versus longer- duration systemic corticosteroid treatment. The studies were at low risk of bias. In four studies we did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure between short- and longer-term systemic cortics. In five studies no difference in the likelihood of an adverse event was found between short and longer courses of systemic cortica. No difference in relapse (a new event) was observed between short duration and longer duration systemic steroids. Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment did not differ between short (three days) and longer (10 days) courses of steroids. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. The evidence is current to September 2014.
We searched for evidence on 5 February 2016 and identified one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) that compared a policy of giving blood transfusions only to people with MDS who had a low white blood cell count (Hb) to prevent transfusion transfusions or to people who had normal white blood cells) to decide whether to receive blood transfusion or not. The trial was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low. The one included study did not show a difference in the number of deaths or transfusions between the two groups. There were no anaemia-related complications (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels. The study did report no information on mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. The evidence is up to date to February 2016. The review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion strategies for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of bone marrow disease, MDS, rises with an ageing population.
We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of games as a teaching tool for health care workers. We found two studies that evaluated the effects of games on health care worker knowledge. The first study compared a game-like game (Snake and Ladders) with a traditional case-based learning strategy. The second study compared game-based learnings with traditional case learning. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games for health professionals. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review of trials found that there was some evidence that lithium or antidepressants might help people with unipolar affective disorder to avoid relapsing. There was no evidence that they were more or less helpful than other drugs. There were no deaths due to all cause. There is a need for more research in this field.
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on the salvage glands. Moreover, no health-related quality of life and no patient-oriented outcome were assessed. The amifrostine has not been shown to be effective in the treatment of thyroid cancer.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017. We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician's intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics and once-weekly home-brief sessions for 12 weeks. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. The study found gains for the intervention groups on total-language measures immediately postinter intervention. One of the three studies did not find any differences in parental stress scores between the two groups at any time point up to 12 months postintermission. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children postinterventions, and in one study most strategies were maintained in the interventions group at 12 months after intervention. No study measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. No studies reported language attrition following the intervention in either. One found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the parent- mediated intervention group. One looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers in the group attended seven out of nine group and four home visits.
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found no evidence to support the use of exercise-based rehabilitation for adults after heart valve surgical procedures. We did find that exercise- based rehabilitation may increase exercise capacity compared with no exercise. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. There were no data on health-related quality of life, and the trials did not report on health status, and cost. We also found no data for the return to work outcome. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We were unable to combine the results of the two trials because of the small sample size and the risk of random errors.
We found five studies that compared different interventions for adults with incurable terminal illness. Two studies evaluated the effects of a single intervention, the others evaluated a range of different types of pneuma care. The studies were conducted in the same way, in the USA, and all were undertaken in the hospital setting. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. The results of the trials were inconclusive. In the studies evaluating meditation, there was no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality oflife. In palliative care intervention studies there was not significant difference in quality or well being between the trial arms. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies.
We included six studies with a total of 137 participants. Two studies with 45 participants examined the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our main outcome, the Unified Parkour and Dyskinesia Rating Scale (UPDRS). We found no evidence of an effect of tCS on the UPDRS score. However, there was evidence of a reduction in the UDPRS part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesiasia, but there was no evidence that tDCS reduced the time that symptoms were controlled but the person still experienced involuntary muscle movements. Two trials with a combined total of 41 participants examined gait speed using timed gait at the conclusion of the treatment phase. We found one trial with a group of 16 participants examining the effects on the effects (tDCS plus movement therapy) of tDCS plus movement therapies on our secondary outcome, gait. We did not find any evidence of any effect of the tDCS on the change in global UPDR score. We also found no difference in dropouts and adverse effects between the tDCs and control groups. We could not determine the effects for reducing off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and on the time with symptoms (time that symptoms are controlled but people still experience involuntary muscle movement) and for improving health- related quality of life, disability, and impairment in patients with IPD. We identified no study examining the effect of using tDCS for improving activities of daily living. In two of six studies, dropouts, adverse events, or deaths occurred during the intervention. There was insufficient evidence that dropouts were higher with tDCS. Evidence of very low quality indicates no difference between tDCS and control.
We included 12 studies (N = 461) in this review. We excluded four studies from the previous version of this review because they did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. We included an additional four studies (154 participants) in the update of this update. Overall we found 12 studies that compared LASB with placebo/sham (fake) treatment (placebo/shame), corticostimulants (drug), or injections of the same drugs into the subcutaneous space (corticostomy). We found no evidence that LASBs reduced pain in CRPS. Two small studies compared LAsB to placebo/sugar pill (moderate quality evidence). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for LASBS for pain intensity. One small study (36 participants) at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the injections into the same space (very low quality evidence) at one-year follow-up. Of two studies that investigated LASb as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from LASBP. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatment. One study compared ultrasound-guided LASBT with non-guided local anaesthesia and found no clinically important difference in the pain outcomes. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these.
We included trials that compared the use of antivirals and corticostimals in people with Bell's palsy to a control group (placebo) or to no treatment. We found that the use or combination of these drugs may have little or no effect on the rate of Bell's-related incomplete or partial recover from Bell's disease. The rate of complete or partial recovery was lower with the antiviral treatment than with the control. The number of people with severe or motor-sick Bell's syndrome (where the disease is not well-understood) was lower in people treated with the combined antivirral and corterol treatment than in people who were given corticoids alone. The use of corticosteroids plus the antiviral drugs may be more effective than corticosides plus the corticotrimer, but we are not sure of this. We did find that the corticeanol plus the anti-pneuma (an antiviralin) drug may be less likely to be used in people whose Bell's is severe. We could not tell if the corticysteroids plus antivirials had a clear effect on rates of motor synkine (a muscle weakness), tears, or motor synkeinesis (where a muscle weakness is seen in the eye). We found no clear difference in the rate or duration of side-effects from the use and use of the drugs. We also found that people who took the antivirinoids plus corticoid drugs had fewer episodes of long-term sequelae (where symptoms are experienced after treatment) than people who had taken the antivirus drugs alone. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low for the outcomes of incomplete recovery and motor synkes and crocodile tears, and very low for adverse events.
We found two studies, including 97 women, comparing two different LHRH agonists (leuproreceptor agonists) in the treatment of women with EOC. One study (Du Bois 2002) compared leuprorelin (a LHRHR H agonists drug) with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) and the other study (Currie 1994) compared decapeptyl (a decapeptic agent) with placebo. The studies were conducted in the 1980s and involved women with platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory EOC, and were conducted at different time points. The evidence is current to January 2015. The two studies were small and of very low quality. There may be little or no difference between treatment with leuprocreasor or treosulfans in overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, respectively. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treos sulfan than leuporelin. There was no difference in other Grade 3/4 side effects: nausea and vomiting, neurotoxicity (damage to nerves), neutropenia (inflammation of the blood), neutrophils (inflammations of the bone marrow) and neutropensia (infection of the white blood cells). The Currie 1994 study, which compared decaceptyl treatment with placebo, reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks, respectively, but no relative effects measures or P values at a particular time point were reported. Overall survival (os) and QoL outcomes were not reported. In addition, adverse events were only mentioned for the decaperiptyl group. Adverse events were incompletely reported (no adverse events in decape
We found 17 studies that compared inhaled nitric oxide (iNO) with placebo (placebo) (a dummy drug) or no treatment (standard care) in infants with hypoxaemic (low blood pressure) or low blood pressure. We found that inhaled iNO may improve the outcomes of term and near-term infants with low blood oxygen levels. Inhaling nitric nitric acid (iNNO) may reduce the risk of death or the need for ECM (elevation of blood pressure). We found no evidence that iNNO improves the risk for infants with diaphragm hernias. In the studies we found, the number of infants who died or needed ECM was not affected. Infants who were given iNO at less than 48 hours of age did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Fewer of the babies who received iNO early satisfied the criteria for treatment, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease mortality nor the need to use ECMO. Infant development, disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between tested survivors who received or did not receive iNO and those who did not. In summary, inhaled Nitric oxide is effective at an initial concentration of 20 ppm for term and very near- term infants with a diaphrmatic hernia.
This review of trials found that lumbar supports are not more effective than no treatment, no treatment or training, or other preventive treatments for low-back pain. There was also conflicting evidence on the effect of lmbar supports on other preventive interventions. There is moderate evidence that lmbars are not better than no intervention or training in preventing low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are better than other preventive intervention. It remains unclear whether lumbarb supports are more effective in treating low-backs than no or other interventions. More research is needed to answer this question.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnation in this review. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some of the studies did not provide this data. Most studies enrolled people from the age of 18, and most were from the intensive care unit (ICU), oncology or haematology units. The studies were of high quality. We found that catheter-impregnated CVCs reduce the risk of cathets getting clogged. They are also less prone to infection. We did not find that impregnated and non-impregnant CVC groups had the same risk of dying. There were no differences in the risk for adverse effects, such as thrombosis/thrombophlebosis, blood clots, bleeding, ileum infection, and/ or tenderness at the insertion site. We also found that impregnation of CVC-infected CVC with an antimicrobicide (antibiotics) did not seem to have an effect on sepsis, death, or infection. The magnitude of the benefits of impregnation varied between the studies. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for the risk-free CVC infection rate, but we downgraded the quality to high for sepssis, high-risk CVC infections, and low-risk of infection.
We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCT) that compared nutrition-based programmes with no intervention. The studies took place in Bangladesh, India, and Periurba. The interventions were in the form of nutrient supplements (three studies), micronutrient or macronutrients (eight studies), nutrition education (three), and systems of support (two) for the home (two). The studies were carried- out in the urban context. The evidence is up-to- date as of May 2015. The review found that all the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. The nutritional interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three RCTs), micronsutrient supplementation in children (eight RCTS), nutrition Education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening interventions targeting children (two studies). The interventions included in this review were adapted to the urban setting (eight trials) and targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening (seven studies). There were no dietary interventions. None of the studies reported differences in the impact of interventions on equity issues. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The main outcomes were length of life, low-to moderate-quality outcomes for low- to moderate-weight babies, and low-quality results for low weight babies. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all outcomes. The included studies had some limitations in their design and reporting. The overall quality of evidence for the outcomes was very limited. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution. The available evidence is limited by the small number of studies and the wide range of outcomes reported. The results of this systematic review are not conclusive. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether nutrition-specific interventions can reduce low- and moderate-income babies and children who are born into slums or poor urban or periurban areas.
This review of trials found that foam dressings do not appear to be more effective than other wound dressings in the healing of venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in the number of people who had ulcers that had been healed at 12 to 16 weeks, and no difference when foam dressers were used with paraffin gauze, paraffins, or hydrocapsules. There were no differences in the proportion of people with side-effects when foam was used with polyurethane foam, or with other wound dressing treatments. The evidence in this area is low- to very- low- quality. More research is needed to confirm the efficacy of foam dressing in the treatment of venus leg ulcer.
We found two studies that compared celecoxib and etoricoxib to a placebo (a fake drug) in a group of 381 IBD (i)D (RHEU) with rheumagnes disease. The two studies were of low risk of bias. The studies were judged to be at low risk. The results of the studies suggest that celecoxi and etorioxib do not worsen symptoms of IBD. However, it should be noted that both studies had relatively small sample sizes and short follow-up durations. The authors of the study comparing etoricxib to placebo did not report on side effects. The number of patients who experienced side effects was similar in the celecoxb and placebo groups (21% and 17%, respectively). No patients in either group died or experienced serious side effects, and no patients experienced any cardiovascular side effects or thrombotic side effects (blood clots). The results for disease exacerbation and side effects between celecoxid and etoroxib and placebo were uncertain. The overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data. The evidence supporting the use of celecoxic and etoraloxib in IBD patients with rhematological manifestations was low. The quality of evidence supporting their use was low because of the small number of studies and the short duration of treatment. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients IBD with rhetological manifestations in order to avoid disease exacerbations and other side effects and to avoid premature withdrawal from the study.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants. The studies were mostly small, mostly of poor quality, and had short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). Six studies included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one study included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two studies included people who had not been infected; and the remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found that there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the different types of topical antimicrobial treatments. We are uncertain about the relative effects of different topical antimicrobials for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events. We considered the certainty of the evidence to be low or very low for all of our outcomes. The certainty of evidence was downgraded twice due to risk of bias, and the certainty was very low on the other outcomes. We judged the certainty to be very low or low for the following outcomes: 1) use of an antimicrobial dressing (e.g. silver, iodides, super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine) compared with non-antimicrobial dressings (elevating the risk for any adverse events); 2) use (or comparison) of an antibiotic-based dressing (i.e. systemic antibiotics (e) compared to non-anti-antibiotics (e). We found no evidence that the use of topical antibiotics (i) increases the risk that the wound ulcers heal more quickly than non-ants. We also found no information on the number of ulcers healed. The overall certainty of this evidence was very limited. The quality of the included studies was generally low
We searched for studies that compared zinc supplementation with placebo or no treatment in children with acute bronchitis. We included six studies that involved 5193 children. We did not identify any new studies. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of acute bronchemic pneumonia by 13%, and the number of children with upper chest infections (pneumonia) by 41%. We found no evidence that zinc supplements reduce the number or occurrence of lower chest infections. We also found that the number (and occurrence) of children who had fast breath tests (e.g., chest x-rays or X-rays) was lower. We could not find any studies that looked at the effect of zinc supplements on the number, duration, or occurrence (of pneumonia). We found low- or very-low- or unclear-evidence that zinc is beneficial in children.
This review found that vitamin A has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTI. Vitamin A caused an increased risk of LRTIs in one study; an increase in cough, and a higher risk of fever in two other. This result is outside our current knowledge of the use of vitamin A for preventing LRTIS. Low-dose vitamin A seems to be more effective than high-dose vitamin C, but its effects are limited.
This review of trials found that theophylline improves lung function and slightly improves blood gas tensions. These benefits were seen in people with moderate to severe COPD. However, the benefit was modest and the risk of side-effects was greater with the theophyllan. The quality of the trials was low, and the studies were small. Theophyllines were well tolerated, and very few people dropped out of the studies.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapists 249; control group 190) from the USA, aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. The trials were conducted in the USA and Canada. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies showed that oral immunotherapy for egg allergy increases the amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events, and leads to a complete recovery from egg allergy after completion of oral immun therapy or sublingually injected immunotherapy, compared to control. Most children (82%) in the oral immuntherapy group could ingest a partial serving of egg compared to 10% of the control group. Fewer than half (45%) of children receiving oral immuntreatment were able to tolerate a full serving of eggs compared to only 10% in the control groups. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of children presented mild-to severe adverse events during oral immunacy treatment versus 6.8% of those in the placebo group. Of note, seven studies used an avoidance diet. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. Overall, the quality of evidence was low due to small numbers of participants and events, small sample sizes, and possible biases. The quality of the evidence was judged to be low due mainly to small sample size and possible bias.
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Data were not available for adverse events after ILR implant. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the ILr implant were counted. The mean cost per diagnosis and the mean cost of arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR. Moderate quality evidence shows that an aetiologic diagnosis increases the rate of aetic diagnosis as compared with a standard diagnosis pathway. No conclusive data were provided on the other end-points analysed. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILRs in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILR to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. These studies compared the use of sclerotherapy and surgery for hydrocoleus. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012 and involved a total of 275 patients. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there was no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups. However, there was significant heterogeneity in the results of the studies. This could be due to the agent used or the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. There was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received sclerosant agents compared with surgery. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the sclerosing solution group. There were more infections in the surgery group but this increase was not statistically significant. The frequency of pain in the surgical group was higher than in the aspiration and scler therapy group. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was not significant difference between the groups. Radiologic cure was also not reported. There is a great need for rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different types of sclera agents, scleroses solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It is important that the RCTS have sufficiently large sample size and long follow-up period. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated instruments. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness studies should also be undertaken.
We searched for evidence on the use of nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rh DNase) in the treatment of tracheal malacys. We found one randomised trial (RCT), which compared nebused rh DNase with a dummy treatment (placebo). The RCT was carried- out in the USA and involved 40 children with tracheomalacia and a respiratory tract infection. The trial was funded by the National Institutes of Health Research (NIHR) and the National Institute of Health (NIH) Research Council of Canada (NIHC). The trial lasted two weeks and involved children with a mean age of five years. The children were followed up for two weeks. The RTC was funded in part by the NIHR and the NIH. The results of the trial showed that there was no significant difference between the two groups for the proportion of children who were cough-free at two weeks, but the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the dummy treatment group. The mean change was also better in the placebo group compared to those on nebulized rhDNase, but this difference was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests at two week) favoured placebo over nebulisation rhDNASE but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomagmatic disease. It remains inconclusive whether the use nebulising rhDNases in children with airway malacia and respiratory tract infections worsens recovery. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with tracomalacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these R
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT); the rest of the studies evaluated other forms, such as third- wave CBT (mindful, non-confrontant therapy), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. The studies were carried- out in a wide range of countries, and included people with a range of age groups. The average number of sessions in the studies ranged from 1.5 to 13. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. Most studies were conducted in the USA, and most were conducted among people with general health problems. The duration of symptoms reported by nine studies was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. For all studies comparing some form or combination of psychological therapies with usual care or a waiting list, CBT reduced the severity of symptoms at the end of treatment. This effect was small to medium. Compared with enhanced or structured care, CBTs generally were not more effective for most of the outcomes. Five studies (679 participants) showed that psychological therapies were somewhat less acceptable in terms of drop-outs than enhanced care. Five of the five studies (624 analysed participants) assessed symptom severity comparing some psychological therapy with enhanced care, and found no clear evidence of a difference at end of the treatment. Results for the subgroup of studies comparing CBT with usual therapy were similar to those in the whole group. When all psychological therapies included this review were combined, they were superior to usual care and waiting list in terms in terms for reducing the severity and duration of symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all studies in this review included participants who were willing to receive psychological
We searched for evidence on 30 May 2017 and identified 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared regional anaesthesia with no regional anaesthetic for preventing PPP after thoracotomy or caesarean section. We included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesiography for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our analysis. Evidence synthesis of seven RCTS favoured epidural anaesthesia for thoracectomy, suggesting the odds of having PPP three to 18 months following an epidural for thorcotomy were 0.52 compared to not having an epidurals. Evidence syntheses of 18 RCT studies favoured regional anaesthetics for the prevent of persistent pain three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery. Pooling data at three to 8 months after caesarian section from four RCT-based studies favoured the use of regional anaestation after caearean sections. Evidence summary of three RCT trials investigating continuous infusion with local anaesthetic in the prevention and treatment of PPT three to 55 months after iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG) was inconclusive. However, evidence synthesis of two RCT reports also favoured the infusion of intravenous local anaesthetic for the preventive of PP three to six months after cancer surgery, suggesting that intravenous infusion of local anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP. We did not synthesize evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. We conclude that there is moderate-quality evidence that regional anaisation may reduce PPP in women after thoraco- thoracoscopically-related thoracostomy and three to one year after caedare
This review of trials found that second-generation antipsychotics, mood-stabilising drugs, and dietary supplements (omega-3 and valproate) may be helpful in the treatment of BPD. The review found that the use of second- and third-generation second generation drugs is not widely supported, but that they may be useful in the case of people with BPD who have a history of BPs. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2013.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom had completed their studies. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised trials (RCT). Of these, two trials were added for this update (one trial with 40 people, one cross- over RCT with 67 people). The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain if washout (either saline or acidic) compared to no washout has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. Four trials compared different types of washout solution; saline versus acidic solutions (2 trials); saline versus acid solution (1 trial); saline vs antibiotic solution (one study); and saline versus antimicrobial solution (2 studies). We are also uncertain if type of wash out solution has an effect on length of stay in the catheter because the data were imprecisively limited. One trial compared different compositions of acidic solution (stronger versus weaker solution). We were uncertain if different compositions (strong or weak) of acidic solutions has an impact on the number of people who developed urinary tract infections or length time each was in the car. Four studies reported on possible harmful effects of washouts, such as blood in the washout solutions, changes in blood pressure and bladder spasms. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included studies were generally of poor methodological quality or were poorly reported. The results of the trials were impracticable. The trials did not address important outcomes such as: number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Trials assessed only three of the eight intervention comparisons identified. Only one trial was free of significant
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed data for the main outcome of severe fatigue, and 22 studies for the other two. We found substantial variations between studies in cancer cancer survivors, the type of cancer, the age, and the type and duration (of cancer) of the cancer, and in the way that the studies were carried- out. We could not combine the results of the studies, so we present them descriptively. We were able to combine the data from 18 of the 30 studies, but we found that the results were not consistent. We are not sure how many childhood cancer patients suffer from severe tiredness after treatment. We did not find any studies that reported the risk and side-effects of the treatments. We also found that people with brain and bone cancer were more likely to be tired than people with bone or bone cancer. We do not know how many people with blood cancer are more tired than those with blood or bone. We have not been sure how much of a risk of severe tiredomatosis (low blood counts) is a risk after treatment, and we do not have a clear idea of how much tiredness people with cancer are. We cannot be sure how often people with childhood cancer are tired. We need more research to find out if there is a difference in the risk of tiredness in people with other types of cancer.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. The trials were of variable quality. The evidence is current to September 2013. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs and total mortality in the treated group. In the trials comparing topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic versus the systemic alone) there was also a significant reduced in RTIs but not in total mortality. In studies comparing topical and systemic antibiotics, the combination of antibiotics reduced RTIs in the control groups. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
This review identified five studies that investigated the effects of educating nursing staff to reduce the use of PR. Four studies looked at the use or use of a PR restraint in the care home and one in a group of nursing home patients. Three of the five studies were in nursing home settings. The studies were of low quality. One study in the nursing home found that nursing staff were more likely to use PR than the control group. The other three studies found that nurses were more willing to use a PR than those who were not. The single small study in a nursing home that looked at group dwelling units found no change in PR use. The study in group dwelling unit found that PR use was higher in the group home group than in the non-group home group. There is not enough evidence to support the use and use of interventions to reduce or stop the use (or both) of PR in nursing care.
We searched for evidence on 15 May 2016 and found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) during IVF/ICSI cycles (up to the day of oocyte retrieval) in 416 women. The evidence is current to May 2016. The trials compared gluc glucococortics with placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310 women). For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. One of the two studies gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. The studies were small and had few events, so we were unable to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. There was also insufficient evidence to determine if there was a difference between groups in clinical pregnancy rate. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorts in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF and ICSI cycles until the day after oocyte extraction is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There is insufficient evidence from randomised trials to determine the effect of glucocolorticoids on live birth. The results of this review suggest that if the chance of live births with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rates. There were no adverse effects of gluccorticolic administration. The review also suggests that if there is a chance of clinical pregnancy with placebo, the chance after treatment with glucoctocicoid supplements would be 23% to 47%. There
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in the review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/weekly) to no treatment, and one three-arm trial (63 people) looked at three doses: 0.5 mg/ kg/week, 0.7 mg/g/week and 0.8 mg/kg/wk. The trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels. The evidence was of low to very low quality. The studies showed that rh GH therapy may improve the height, weight and lean body mass of people with CF, but there were no differences between the different doses. There was some evidence that there was a change in blood glucose levels with rhGH therapy, but this did not lead to diabetes. The significant change in the blood glucose level, although not causing diabetes, highlights the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to diabetes due to CF-related diabetes. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in this review due to the small number of participants. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality-of-life. There is limited evidence from three trials in improvements in exercise capacity. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. When compared with no treatment rhGH is effective in improving the intermediate outcomes in height, body mass and lean muscle mass. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. No major side-effect was observed. The quality of the evidence was very low to low. The included trials were small and the number of people included in the trials was small. Long-term, well-designed randomised controlled trials of
We included 26 studies with 1,695 workers. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to the agent, reducing exposure, or reducing the amount of the same agent in the same job. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that reducing exposure may improve symptoms and lung function compared to continued exposure. The reduction of exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared to continuing exposure. However, reducing the exposure may also increase the risk of unemployment. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We recommend that future studies should be larger and of high quality.
This review included six trials with 1758 participants. The participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive (i) reflux (i), non-eosinophilic (xerophilic), or (i)) esophagic (LA) grade B (LA grade C) or grade A (LA A) esophageal reflux. Five of the six trials examined the effect of PPI stopping on- demand (PPI) and one trial examined the effects of PI stopping on an 'abruptly' (PPIs). There was low- to very-low- quality evidence that PPI use may be increased when people with milder forms (e.g., dyspepsia, regurgitate) stop taking PPI. There was also low- quality data that PI use may increase when people have milder symptoms (eg., stomach upsets, constipations, bloats) and may be reduced when people are taking PI. There were no data on the effects on cost/resource use.
We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants) comparing social skills training with standard care, or with a group of people who were not given social skills. We found that people with mental health problems who were given a course of social skills classes had a lower risk of relapsing and re-harming than people who did not receive these classes. We did not find any evidence that people who had a course were more likely to be re-injured, to be admitted to a mental health unit, or to be in a hospital. We were not sure if people who received a course had a better social skills than people not given a class. We could not tell if people were more or less likely to have a relapse, to have their mental state worse, or if they were more and less likely than people in the group not given the course. We also found that when people were given the class, their mental health was better. We are not sure how much of an effect the social skills programme had. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low. We think that more research is needed.
We found one study that compared pegloticase with placebo (a pretend drug) in 225 people (145 with tophospholipids) with topensia. The study was conducted in the USA and involved 225 people with tophi. The participants were randomised to one of three treatment groups: peglopicase infusion every two weeks (biweekly), monthly peglotics (pegloticases given alternating with placebo infusion every fortnight) and placebo. The results of the study showed that peglosis is probably beneficial in the management of tophi in gout, in terms of resolution of tophosis, but with a high risk of adverse infusion reactions. However, there is a need for more studies considering other treatments, including surgical removal of topinsia.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the treatment of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria. The review of these studies found that oral immunosuppressants (IgG or IgG/Ig) did not reduce NEC. There were no trials of oral IgG or an IgG+IgA combined therapy. The results of the review do, however, support the use of IgG and IgG for the prevention of NEC, but there are no trials on IgG +Ig.
This review of five randomised controlled trials found that postoperative platinum-based chemotherapy may be an effective treatment for women with early-stage metastatic breast cancer. It is an effective therapy in terms of survival, reduces the risk of progression-free and overall survival, and may be a safe and effective treatment option when used with radiotherapies.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high- and high-cost countries. The studies covered a range of digital health programmes, for example reminders, reminders for appointments, support for smoking quit, or general health advice. Some of the studies looked at the views of people who had already been through these types of programmes, and some looked at what people would like. Some people in the studies felt that these types programs helped them to feel more connected to the world, and that they felt that they were part of a "digital family". They also felt that people were taking the time to send them a text or email, and they shared the text or emails with their friends and family. Some clients felt that the messages were helpful, and others felt that it was not helpful. Some felt that using these types programmes made them more aware of who sent them the message, and this could have helped them. Some also felt they had problems when they were using these programs. Some had poor access, and had lost or broken their phone, or had had a change in their phone number. Some, especially young people, had their access to their own phones, and the cost could be a problem. Some thought that the cost of the text and email could be an issue, as they thought that it should be free. Some were also worried that the people who sent the message knew who sent it, and it could have affected their views. Clients with health problems, such as HIV, were also often worried that it might be used to send messages to them, and people who knew who had sent them a message. Cl clients with stigmatised or personal health problems such as AIDS, HIV/AIDS, or abortion care, were often worried they would be in the wrong if they used the programme. Clanners should take these factors in mind, and should take them when planning
This review of trials found that methadone is as effective as other medications for the treatment of heroin use, but that it is no more or less well-treatments than other medications. The review found that slow taper of the use of opioids, with a short-term substitute (less than one month) of a long-acting opioid, can reduce withdrawal symptoms and the number of participants who relapse to heroin use. However, the majority of patients relapse to using heroin.
This review of trials found that heavy sedation is more effective than light sedation for helping people to stop taking opioids, but the risk of side-effects is higher. The high cost of this form, both in money and time, and the use of scarce intensive care time, should not be pursued.
This review included fourteen studies. The studies lasted from 10 days to three months. The review found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, there was no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between the two groups. However, there is some evidence that the effects of this drug may be more pronounced in the short term. The drug may cause movement disorders, but it does cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent (hydroquinone), a cream (hydrocobalamin), a triple cream (triple cream, t retinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone), or a cream with two other treatments (hydroxyquinone cream, glycolic acid peels), as well as less common treatments (rucinol, vitamin C, and Thiospot) and skin-lusting complex (Gigawhite, ThiSpot). The studies were of poor quality. The most common side-effects were mild, such as skin irritants (e.g., skin bleeds), skin reactions (elevations in red blood cells), and stings.
This review of trials found that 5-FU injections can reduce the risk of surgical failure and eye pressure in people having trabecuectomies. However, the small but significant reduction in the risk is not a major concern, as it is based on a small number of studies. The risk of eye problems is higher in the high- and combined-risk groups. The quality of the trials was not high, and the number of patients in the trials varied. The trials were too small to be sure that 5FU injections are safe. The evidence for the use of 5-FU postoperatively for the prevention of surgical complications was of very low quality. This means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review of trials found that inhaled steroids may reduce the rate of flare-ups and the rate that people need to be treated for COPD. However, the use of inhaling corticostimulants may also have side-effects. There was an increase in the risk of pneumonia, which was more common in the long- term ICS group. There were no deaths. There is a need for more research to look at the long term side-side-effects of inhaled corticotropin.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) comparing NSAIDs (NSAIDs) with each of 20 other NSAIDs, 18 non-selective (where the drug was not intended to be used) and two COX-2-2 inhibitors (where drugs are given by injection) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo (35 randomised trials, 53 women). This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. However, NSAIDs are associated with more side effects (overall side effects: 25 trials, 25 women taking NSAID, 25 side effects per 1000 women; gastrointestinal side effects; neurological side effects): 7 trials, 7 women taking paracetamicol (three women taking a placebo, three side effects), and three women taking ibuprofen (one woman taking a paracetamate). NSAIDs appeared to be more effective than paracetaminophen (three trials, 3 women taking an ibuprophenol). There was no evidence of a difference with regard to side effects, though data were very scanty. NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment for dysmenorrhoea, though women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk of side effects. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmen orrhoeas. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%), a further 31% failed to state their source of funding.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants) in 2417 people. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that high levels of ventilation did not reduce the risk of death before hospital discharge. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the two groups. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels PEEP. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity. We identified seven studies, which were of variable quality. We assessed mortality occurring before hospital admission as the main outcome. We also assessed the risk for death occurring before discharge from the ICUs as the secondary outcome. The review found that the risk was similar in both high and low levels PEP. The data also showed that high-level PEEP produced no significant differences in the risk from barotrauma, but rather improved oxygenation to the first, third, and seventh days. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original 2010 review (2010) and 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from the initial review (nine were withdrawn from the review due to concerns about the quality of the data and six were missing data). The review found that HES products increase the risk of AKI and RRT (rehabilitative radiologic treatment), and that HET products increase risk of kidney failure. The risk of meeting urine output and creatinine based risk-assessments for AKI was in contrast in favour of HES therapies. However, when RIFLE-R urine output based outcomes were excluded as per study protocol, the risk again favoured the other fluid type, with a non-significant risk of acute kidney failure in HES treated patients. The evidence suggests that all HES solutions increase the risks of AKIs and RCTs in all patient populations and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of HET. Overall, methodological quality of studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum Officinale with no treatment and two made a comparison with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor. The review found that Rheam officinale had a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD. However, no significant difference was found between Rheaum officinare and captoprile for any outcome. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rhearm officinune. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015.
We searched for studies that compared IQCODE with other tests of memory and thinking, or with a specialist memory test. We found 13 papers, representing a total of 2745 people, with a mean age of 65 years. We included studies that assessed the accuracy of IQCode in people with dementia. We also included studies which assessed the language of administration of the test. The IQCDE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. The language of the questionnaire did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool. The quality of the included studies was not high, and the results of the studies were not consistent. There was significant heterogeneity in the included papers, including a highly varied prevalence of dementia (10.5% to 87.4%). Across the included trials, there was substantial potential for bias, particularly around the way in which participants were selected, and selection criteria, which may limit generalisability. There is also evidence of suboptimal reporting, particularly in terms of disease severity and how the studies dealt with indeterminate results, which are important if considering use in clinical practice.
We included three studies in this review, involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient treatment for spasticity in people with stroke. Rehabilitations were assessed in adults with chronic stroke. The studies investigated different types of rehabilitation programmes, including modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT), task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting, and dynamic elbow splint. There was no evidence that any of the interventions improved spasticities in people after stroke. There was also no evidence to suggest that any particular type of therapy was better than another. No studies examined the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) and intensity of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in people and children with spasticia following stroke, in the short and longer term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. This means that the true effect of the treatment may be substantially different from what is currently reported.
This review identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 patients, that compared the long-term treatment of patients with HBV after liver transplants with either lamvudine or HBIg or with either a different drug or a different treatment. Two of the four trials (136 patients) were randomised, and the other two (137 patients) did not have sufficient participants to show a difference in HBV recurrence. The trials were of poor quality and were not adequately powered to show that one drug was better than the other in preventing HBV infection. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV. Large randomised trial trials comparing long-lasting combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone, including the newer antiviral drugs, are needed.
This review of trials found that suphonylurea (a drug) with insulin did not lead to better control of blood glucose at three months (15 studies) and 12-month follow-up (14 studies) of treatment and follow-ups. In addition, there was evidence that suphosphonate (a medicine) with or without metformin gave poorer metabolic control compared to insulin alone (four studies, 160 participants). In addition there was some evidence that it caused earlier insulin dependence (two studies, 30 participants). The proportion of patients requiring insulin at two years was 30% in the suphonate group compared to 5% in conventional care group (P < 0.001). The number of patients classified as insulin dependent was 64% in both the suphytonate group and 12.5% in insulin dependent group (one study, 14 participants). No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide levels, but insulin maintained stimulated C-measured levels better than suphonsate. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. In a five year follow- up of GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide), improvements in fasting and stimulated C peptide (peptides) levels were maintained after five years. One trial using vitamin D (20 μg) showed steady fasting C/peptid levels in the vitamin D group but declining fasting C levels in insulin alone. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes). Two studies show suphylurea leading to earlier insulin dependency and a meta-analysis of four studies with considerable heterogeneity showed poorer metabolic controls if suphlonate with or with metformins was prescribed for
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review. We have included 63 studies (42,784 participants) that compared social norms interventions with no social norms to reduce binge drinking or other misuse. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence is current to September 2016. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of the same. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) evaluated the provision (with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions to functional activities) of hip protection with or without restrictions to activities of daily living. There was no evidence that hip precautions with or with the addition (or without the use of equipment) of postoperative equipment or restrictions to activity of daily life improved function or health-related quality of life at 12 months follow-up. The quality of evidence was very low. We are uncertain if hip precautions are effective in preventing hip dislocations and improving outcomes after THA, and we are uncertain whether hip precautions without the need for restrictions to daily activities are effective. One small study (146 participants) investigated the provision a postoperative education and rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL versus a conventional rehabilitation intervention in the community. We were uncertain if the provision improved function at six months follow up, when assessed using the Objective and Subjective Functional Capability Index (a tool to measure functional ability) compared to conventional rehabilitation. The trial did not assess pain score or quality of the life of participants. The results of this study were inconclusive. The review found no evidence to support or refute the use or rejection of a postoperatively-based rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and rehabilitation. There is insufficient evidence to recommend the use and implementation of a community rehabilitation programme. Further high-quality trials are warranted to assess the outcomes of different occupational therapy interventions both in the short and longer
This review found three randomised controlled trials that compared LNG-IUD use with no LNG to see if it reduced the recurrences of pain and period-reoccurring pain. The trials were of good quality but there were few data. The LNG was found to be more effective than gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH)-releasing drug (Gonadotropin) in reducing the recurrence of pain. There was no difference in the number of women who were happy with their LNG use. The number of LNG users was higher in the LNG group but this did't reach statistical significance. The women who used LNG were more likely to have a change in their menstrual cycle, but the Lng-Iud did not change the rate of not completing the treatment. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2013.
We included 24 studies, with a total of 17,967 participants. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (14/24), with adult participants (17/24) and used between-participants designs (19/24). All studies were conducted mainly in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The evidence is current to September 2015. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, we found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s). For consumption outcomes, the evidence was of moderate certainty. For consumption outcome, we were uncertain about the effect of fewer options, but the certainty of the evidence for consumption was low or very low. For the other outcomes, only one study with one comparison was identified, which found that food placed farther away resulted in moderate reduction in its consumption. For other outcomes we were very uncertain about whether the effect was greater when the product was placed farther from the participants, when only the targeted product(s) was available, when participants were of low deprivation status, and when the study was at high risk of bias. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the certainty and applicability of this evidence is low or low. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, intervening across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco products - and over sustained time periods.
We searched for studies that compared the effect of PEP with placebo (a pretend drug) or with no treatment on HIV-infected people. We found one study that compared PEP to a placebo (pretend treatment). The study was conducted in the United States, and the number of participants was small. The study showed that PEP was not effective in preventing HIV seroconversion. However, it did not show that it was effective in reducing the risk of HIV infection. The use of Pep is based on limited evidence of effect. However it is highly unlikely that a definitive placebo-controlled trial will ever be conducted, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a single case-control study, a four-week regimen of PEEP should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk for HIV serconversion. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug antiretroviral regimens following occupational exposure to HIV. However due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV- infected individuals, a combination of antirerviral drugs should be used for PEP. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that PEE is not 100% effective in protecting people from HIV infection, and that PPE is not effective at preventing HIV infection in the blood.
This review of trials found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, mood, and catastrophising, but not on pain or mood, when compared with active controls. CBT is also effective in improving mood, but the effects of CBT on pain are weak. CBTs have no effect on mood, although they have a small effect on the condition. CBBT but not behaviour therapy has small effects on disability associated with chronic pain, with some maintenance at six months. CBt is effective in altering mood and catastrophicising outcomes, when comparing with treatment as usual/waiting list, with a small positive effect on disability and catastrocising, and some evidence that this is maintained at six month. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood.
We searched for studies that compared population-level interventions to reduce salt in the diet of people in the general public. We found 15 national programs, including more than 260,000 people. Ten of these programs provided data for us, and we were able, for the most part, to use them in our analyses. We could not use the results of the other two groups of studies, as we could not be sure that they would be similar. We were able to use the data of two of the 10 programs, which were of a multi- component type (e.g., food product reformulation, food purchase policy). We found that all of the studies were of low quality. We graded the quality of the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias of the study designs, the small number of people studied, and the variation in the size of the effects. We did not find any studies that used a method to detect effects of the interventions. We assessed the quality as low, meaning we are very unsure of the results. We are not able to draw firm conclusions on the effects of these types of programs, as they are too small and have a number of issues with their design. We do, however, think that the number of studies and the way they were conducted means we can be more certain that they are of high quality. Many of the 15 studies had some strengths, such as large, nationally-wide sample size, and a high-level of reporting. We judged the quality to be low, which means we are less certain of the findings.
We searched for studies that compared medicines to placebo (a pretend medicine) or to no treatment for sleep-bruxomatous syndrome. We found seven studies, but we could not combine the results of these studies. The studies were small, with a total of 7 to 16 people per study. The results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no difference or harm. The drugs compared with placebo were amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine (one), propranolol (one) and levodopa (Prolopa®) (one). The drugs were compared with a placebo. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found that amitripyline, clonidrine, propranol and levidopa were effective in reducing the number of episodes of bruxism. However, the results for other sleep-related outcomes were uncertain. The use of preventive medication avoided any adverse effects in people treated with levodoprone and bromopoietine. The effects of amitririptyne were not well reported. The effectiveness of amitant medications for sleep bruxomata was not clear. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. The authors of the systematic review recommend that future studies should be larger and use well-designed studies with larger numbers of people.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of immunonutrition with omega 3 or omega 3- fatty acids and/or antioxidants in people with ARDS. We found 10 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included 10 studies with 1015 people. All studies compared an enteral formula (a food or drink containing extra fatty acids) or supplements of these fatty acids (e. g. eicosapentaenoside (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants) with placebo or no intervention. All 10 studies reported deaths. We are uncertain whether immunonut nutrition with omega-3 fatty acids or antioxidants improves the duration of time spent on the ventilator, the length of time on the ICU, or oxygenation at day 4. We also are uncertain if immunonutnutrition with omega3 fatty acid and antioxidants improves oxygenation, the amount of oxygen in the blood, or whether they increase adverse events such as cardiac events, gastrointestinal events, or total adverse events. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of participants.
We found 33 studies that compared different methods of asking questions. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with different designs, and with a wide range of outcomes. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs being detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between the two methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of the question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. There is a risk for under-detection of AEtakings in studies using a more specific approach to asking questions compared to those using a comprehensive approach. This under-under-detention could compromise ability to pool AE data. However the impact on the nature and severity of the AE detected by different methods is unclear. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. The authors of this review suggest that future studies would be improved by using and reporting clear definitions and terminology for AEs (and other important variables), frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, coded, and tabulated/reported.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of nocturnal supervision with the use of other treatments to prevent SUDE. We found 15 studies, but only one study was included in the review. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls found that the presence of noonturnal supervision may prevent SUDEP in people with epilepsy. This effect was found when a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. This result was based on a small number of studies. We did not find any evidence that the use or absence of supervision prevented the number of deaths or hospital admissions. We assessed the quality of the evidence as very low. We identified 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We found 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract) for inclusion in the study. We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. We included one study in the analysis. This review found very low-quality evidence that nocturnal supervision may be a preventative intervention in preventing SUDEP. We are uncertain about the effect of other interventions, for instance seizure detection devices, safety pillows, safety pills, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists in preventing the development of SUDE in people who have epilepsy.
The review included seven studies with 208 participants. The studies were of variable length and design and involved a wide range of people with cystitis. Six studies enrolled participants who were stable, whilst one study had a number of people who had been in the hospital with an infective flare up. The age of people in the studies ranged from 7 to 63. The total study time ranged from four days to two-and-a- half to two years. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. All seven studies measured the amount of air that people could breathe out in one second and measured the effect of the technique on their quality of life. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak expiratory flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. Six out of the included studies reported sputum weight. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation levels, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic ventilation was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion. The review concluded that autogenic drain was not found to be superior to any other form of airway clearing technique. Larger studies are required to better evaluate autogenic drains in comparison to other airway cleansing techniques in view of the relatively small number of participants in this review and the complex study designs.
This review found that psychological therapies, based on CBT principles, are more effective than T-TU/WL in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms in the short-term treatment of GAD. However, the body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD, and to inform GAD policy on which psychological therapies are best.
This review of trials found that women who had had three or more consecutive miscarces may be less prone to having a further pregnancy. The evidence is up- to- date as of May 2014. The review included 12 trials with 1,856 women. The trials were conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. The women were followed up for at least six months after the end of treatment. The duration of progestogen treatment varied across the trials. The meta-analysis of all trials suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women given progestogens compared to placebo/controls. There was probably a slight benefit for women receiving progestogenic therapy in the outcome of live birth rate. We are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. No clear differences were seen for women with unexplained recurrent miscarriages. No trials reported on any other secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. There may be little or no difference in the rate for low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to special care units. For women with recurrent miscarces, supplementation with progestogenesis may reduce the rate in subsequent pregnancies. The quality of the evidence was moderate for live birth and very low for preterm births. The overall quality of evidence was very low because of the small number of trials and small sample sizes.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 14 studies with 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) that compared MIB versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. The evidence is current to January 2017. The included studies were of moderate quality. The studies did not often report on outcomes for the mother or her baby. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at delivery, or low birth weight. However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test at the start of treatment) in any psychosolic intervention group compared to control. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psycho-bupropion, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However few studies evaluated outcomes for mothers and their babies, and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect of psychological interventions on these outcomes. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate psychosological modalities of treatment in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach may be more effective in reducing short- and long-term adverse events (NACE) (4 studies; 4,133 participants), cardiac death (11 studies; 11,170 participants), and myocardial infarction (11 trials; 19,430 participants). However, short-term myocardia infarct was similar between both groups (11 trial; 19:430 participants) and bleeding was similar (20 trials; 23,043 participants). The transradary approach had a lower procedural success rate (28 studies; 25,920 participants), but was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality (10 studies; 18,955 participants), bleeding, and access site complications (24 studies; 16,112 participants). Transradial approaches may reduce short- term NACE, cardiac death, all- cause mortality, bleeding, bleeding and access sites complications. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-lasting clinical outcomes (i.e. beyond 30 days of follow-up).
We searched for studies that compared palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia to a group of people who did not have dementia. We found two small studies, which were at high risk (in part) of being at high-bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong results). We did not pool the data from these two small, small studies due to the different ways that the studies were designed. We did, however, find that one small trial (99 people) compared pallbearers with a pall bearer with a team of nurses and carers to a palm-provider (a family carer). The pall Bearer had a palliation plan for people who had an acute illness. The palliatives care plan was more likely to be developed for people in the palliate care group. The other trial (256 people) evaluated a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options for nursing home residents with advanced disease. The decision aid was given to a family carers of nursing home patients to discuss the choice of feeding options with a clinician. In this trial, the decision aid reduced decisional conflict and reduced the number of decisional conflicts between decision-makers and the family carerers. We could not combine the data for all outcomes because of the small number of people in each study and the differences between the studies. We concluded that there is insufficient evidence to assess the effect of palliatively care interventions in advanced dementia. The fact that there are six ongoing studies at the time of this review indicates an increased interest in this area by researchers, which is welcome and needed.
This review of three well-conducted randomised trials found that there were no differences in the risk of recurrences or deaths from breast cancer if RT is started within the seven months after surgery. There was a small increase in the number of women who developed anaemia and pigmentation with concurrent chemoradiation but no difference in the overall survival. There were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse-free and metastasis-free outcomes.
We searched for evidence on 7 February 2016 and found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three RCTS compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance and weight training, and the other RCT was CrP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses of CrPs with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We concluded that there is no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of Crp supplements in overweight or obese adults.
We found eleven studies with a total of 886 participants. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a range (different) surgical wounds healing by second-wound care. The evidence was current to September 2014. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. There were some evidence of some evidence that zinc oxide cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. One of the studies reported that sucralfate cream increased wound healing compared to petrolatum. The study also reported lower wound pain scores in the sucralmate group. There is moderate quality evidence that more open wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed when treated with a honey-soaked gauze compared with a EUSOL-soak gauze over three weeks' follow-up. There may be some evidence to support the use of Dermacym®-treated post-operative foot wounds in people with diabetes healed compared to those treated with iodine. Again, this evidence was from one small study with 40 participants. There are no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small participant numbers and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique changes in the amniotomy and CVS. Three of these were for amnioctesis (three studies), two for CVS (two) - ter butaline to colysis (three) and use of a vacuum aspirate (two). The other three were for ter buttea tocolysis and continuous vacuum aspiration (two studies). The quality of the evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 people) and three were non-RCTs (1181 people) with a mean age of 18 to 65.5 years. The studies were conducted in upper-middle- and low-middle country (China, Mexico, South Africa) and in a high-middle and low middle-middle world (Bangladesh) with an average age of over 40. One non-rCT was from the United States. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that women consuming maize flour fortified with folic acid and other micronutrients were more likely to have higher levels of folic acids and higher levels in their blood compared to women consuming unfortified flour. However, women consuming folicacid-fortified wheat flour bread rolls had higher levels than women consuming plain flour. The quality of the evidence was very low. The certainty of the available evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were not well designed. The included studies were small and had unclear risk of bias. The overall certainty of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the studies included the small numbers of participants, the small sample sizes, and the small study sizes.
We found six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 newborn infants (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The trials were conducted in the USA and Canada. The studies were of variable quality and used different methods to assess lung function. The results of the trials suggest that screening is more effective than traditional diagnosis. Screening provides potential for better lung outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF. Screen screening seems less expensive than traditional screening.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 people with high risk of stroke, with a mean age of 65 years. The trials compared 'lower' versus'standard' blood pressure targets for diastolic blood pressure in people with diabetes. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden and the UK. The average follow-up time of the trials was 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower lower blood pressure target (lower 120 mmHg) versus 'lower 140 mmHG) systolic blood blood pressure (standard) blood pressure. The trial was conducted in 4734 participants. The study was funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and the other trials were funded by pharmaceutical companies. The results of the trial showed that people with higher blood pressure were more likely to have a stroke, heart attack or death. The only significant benefit in the group assigned to 'lower blood pressure was a reduction in the incidence of stroke. The effect of lower blood pressures on mortality was compatible with both a reduction and an increase in risk. The number of participants included in the DBP target analysis was 2580. The total number of deaths was lower in the 'lower DBP' group, mainly due to a trend to lower non-cardiovascular mortality. There was no difference in stroke, myocardial infarction or congestive heart failure. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse events were not reported in any of the studies. The quality of the evidence was low. The included trials were at a high risk for selection bias, which means that the results may not be reliable.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in the treatment of plantar foot ulcers than non-reactive dressings. Non-reacting casts are also more effective than nonreactive casts. Non reactive casts are not as good as non-resistance casts, but they are more likely to be safe.
We searched for studies that compared cognitive training with no intervention, cognitive therapy, or other treatments for cognitive function in people with cancer. We found five studies, which included 235 people. We included five studies in the review. Two studies (n = 100) compared computer-assisted (i) cognitive training to a wait-list (i), two (n > 95) of compensatory (i)) to a control (n < 95), one (n° 47), and one (19) of physical activity to a group (n ≥ 19) of people. Each of the studies was of high risk of bias. We were able to combine the results of two of the five studies (95 people), which did not show a benefit from compensator (e.g., computer-based) cognitive therapy. Two of the other two studies (19 people) compared a cognitive training program to a waiting-list group. Compensatory strategy (e) to a placebo (i). We found that cognitive training improved the performance of tasks such as memory, thinking, language, and thinking skills. Compression training did, in fact, improve mental well-being. We did not find any evidence that compensator strategy (i.e. a training programme that involves a specific type or type of action) had an effect on the physical well- being of people who were on a wait list. We rated the quality of the evidence as low. We assessed the evidence for the effects of cognitive training on mental well being as low, and we did not have enough data to be able make firm conclusions. We need more research to be sure that these types of treatments are effective. We are also concerned that the results are not generalisable to people with a range of other types of cancer, such as people with breast cancer.
We found six trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The trials were of poor quality and only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear clear difference in global state between piperacetazine (chlor promethazole) and piedacetazine. One of the trials reported change in the mental state scale, Brief Mental State Rating Scale (BPR). No clear difference was seen. Ch chlor promethasone appears no worse or better than piper acetazine regarding adverse effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear differences were observed in the numbers of participants leaving the study early for any reason. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperapeazole may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on very small numbers of people and the evidence is very low quality. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Currently, should clinicians and people with schizophrenia need to choose between chlorpromamide and p Piperacetazine they should be aware there is no good quality evidence to base decisions. More high quality research is needed.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. The studies compared the use of stents with emergency surgery for the treatment of colorectal obstruction. The use of colorocorosis in malignant colorestal obstruction seems to be as safe as emergency surgery. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of the attempted stent placements. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. There were no significant differences in the complication rate between the two groups, but the clinical success rate was higher in the emergency surgery group. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the medical emergency surgery groups. This review found that the stent placement was successful for 86.2% of attempted stents. The complication rate was 39.22% in the colic stents group and 45.71% in emergency surgery participants. There is no difference in complication rate in both the groups. However, the use coloreCTal stents seems to have no advantage over emergency surgery in terms of the use time, procedure and blood loss. The advantages of colortal stent includes shorter hospital stay and procedure time and less blood loss compared to emergency surgery, however, the trials were of variable design and the number of participants was small. Further randomised studies with bigger sample size and well defined trial design are needed to achieve the robust evidence.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1867 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials compared three different plasma expanders (human albumin, human heparin and mannitol) with placebo or no treatment. The review found that human albumin reduced OHSS rates, but the evidence was of very low to moderate quality. There was no evidence that human heperin or mannitor had any influence on pregnancy rates. There were no data on live birth rates. The results of the trials were inconclusive. The main limitations of the evidence were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. The findings of this review suggest that the plasma expander (humanalbumin, HES and mananitol) reduce rates of moderate and severe OHSS in women at high risk. However, there was no clear evidence that HES or mananitor had an effect on pregnancy. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. The quality of the available evidence was very low. The included trials were of low to very low quality. The overall quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of trials and the small numbers of women included in the trials.
This review of 10 studies involving 484 patients found no evidence to suggest that one sclerosant was better than any other. There was some evidence that polidocanol (POL), a liquid that dissolves blood clots, was more likely to be more painful than a normal (non-salt) saline (1% or less) and that a higher (1.5%) concentration of sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was more painful. There were no differences between the two drugs in terms of side effects. There is no evidence that any one soliciting agent is better than another. There are no data on patient satisfaction. The quality of the evidence was poor. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction for sclerotherapy.
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were of variable quality. The main outcomes were death, heart attacks and cardiac arrhythmias. The drugs studied were salbutamol, insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline. Salbutamole administered via either a nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. The peak effect of 10 mg nebulised salbutamic acid was seen at 120 minutes and at 90 minutes for 20 mg nebulaised sal butamol. One study reported 1.2 mg salbutamyol via MDI 1.5 mg produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes. Intravenous (IV) and nebulized salbutamate produced comparable effects. Insulin-dexrose was more effective than bicarbate and was more than bicaarbonate at 60 and 90 minutes. Insulins (bicarbonates) and aminsophyllines (resins) were not studied in any placebo-controlled studies. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. The effectiveness of potassium binding resin and IV calcium salts has not been tested in randomised controlled trials. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of hyperKalaemia is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes. Of the studied agents, salbut amol via any route and IV insulin-decrease appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as IV sodium biccarbonate or aminopylline, and further study is needed before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We searched for studies that compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics), which are used to seal CVCs, to standard sealing solutions (heparin) of CVC. We found 39 studies, enrolling 4216 patients. The studies were of low or unclear risk of bias. The evidence is up- to- date as of August 2014. Antimicrobial lock solution probably reduces the incidence of CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however antimicrobial (antifungal) lock solutions probably make little or no difference to the risk of thrombosis per 1000 days (14 studies: very low certainty). Antibiotic antimicrobial and combined (antitiotic-non antibiotic) lock solution decreased the incidence (CRI per1000 catheter days) of catheter thromboembosis (4 studies: 4 studies: 1, 0.5, 0, 0 and 1) compared to control (control) lock (9 studies: 9, 0 or 0.2, 0). The effect on the incidence on thrombinosis per 100 catheter day is uncertain for all antimicrobial or non- antimicrobial locking solutions. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of patients. Therefore, we cannot be certain that antimicrobial locks are effective and safe.
We identified 15 studies (1098 participants) that compared pre-emptive therapy with no pre-pre-preventive treatment (placebo) or with antivirals (drugs) to treat CMV-infected solid organ transplants. The studies were conducted in a wide range of countries. The review found that pre-prednisolone treatment is more likely than no pre pre- prednisolope to prevent CMV disease. Pre-predisolope treatment is also more likely to reduce the risk of acute rejections (rejections are when a transplant's organs fail to reject the transplants) and death from all cause. Preemptive pre-promoting treatment is less likely to cause leucopoietic (leucopoeitic) disease (a type of leukopenia), but the results of the studies were not consistent. The results of pre and pre-prophylaxis studies were also not consistent, and the results were not similar. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. We found that the studies that we found were of low risk of bias, and we were not able to assess the risk-effect ratio. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2015.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes. These studies involved 140 people. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. The trials were conducted in the USA and lasted from six weeks to five months. The studies were conducted by the manufacturer of the sweet potato preparation. The results of the trials showed that sweet potato prepared with 4 g of sugar per day improved glycaemia control in people with type 2 diabetic mellitus. The mean glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was 0.3% lower with 4 grams of sweet potatoes per day compared to placebo (2 trials). No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is insufficient evidence about the use of sweet Potato for type 2 diabetics. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations - including other varieties of sweetpotato - need to be addressed. Further observational trials and RCTs evaluating the effects on glycemic control are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice.
We searched for studies that compared the active cycle of breathing technique with other treatments, such as autogenetics (where air is pumped through the lungs to clear the mucus), airways (where the airway is pumped out), high-speed chest compressors (where it is pumped back through the chest), or conventional chest physiotherapy. We found 19 studies, with 439 participants. Five studies compared the breathing technique to autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high-frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest exercise, and positive expiratory pressure. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the included studies blinded participants or the personnel applying the treatments. However most of the trials reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. Five of the 19 studies were of cross-over design, which means that participants and the people assessing the outcomes were aware of which treatment they were receiving. The 14 remaining studies were cross-overs, which meant that participants knew which treatment group they were in. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The average age of participants ranged between six and 63 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The results of the review showed that the active cycles of breathing were comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. No significant difference was seen in
The review of trials found that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes (co-incubsation) may improve the ongoing and clinical pregnancy rate for infertile infertil women in IVF. The review found that there was low- to very- low- quality research that suggested that brief-co-insemination may be more likely to increase the ongoing pregnancy rate than the standard inseminations. There was no evidence that briefing of the sperm and the oocyte during the night time was associated with a higher live birth rate or a lower rate of miscarriage. More research is needed.
This review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, found that infants born with poor lung function and who were ventilated with a long (long) IT had a higher risk of air leaks (upwards of 1.5 times more than infants born on a short IT). Longer (long-term) ITs were also more prone to death. Long-term ITs did, however, reduce the risk of BPD.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The studies were of low methodological quality. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFu, the TFUs, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Of the eight meta-analyses in this review, five showed considerable statistical heterogeneity. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. The low methodological and patient-centred nature of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We identified 38 relevant trials. These trials were conducted in a variety of countries, in a range of disease areas, in different healthcare settings, and in different community and research settings. The trials were of varied quality. The evidence is up-to- date as of May 2014. The review found that incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions, and monetary incentives increased the number of participants returning to trial sites for trial follow-up. There was no evidence that the addition of a non-monetary incentive, an offer of a 'enhanced' incentive, letters, letters delivered by priority post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order either increased or decreased trial questionnaire response/retention. There were few evaluations of ways to improve participants returning for trial-related questionnaires. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated questionnaire response. There is some evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires and that the effect on the disease/condition relevant to the disease was unclear. There are no good evidence that a telephone survey is either more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. As our analyses are based on single trials, the effect of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to trial-site and questionnaire questionnaires, and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further evaluation. Case management and behavioural strategies used for trial retention may also warrant further evaluation, as they may be effective in improving retention.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants. We found no differences between the devices in terms of failure to breathe on their own, use of an alternate airway, use an additional airway or the need for additional equipment. We are not sure whether the device was more or less likely to leak when placed on the wind pipe. We did find that the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway made a better seal and was more likely to be more convenient than the Classic larynx mask. The Classic lyrgeal masks may be quicker to use, but we are not certain if this is important. We were not sure if the device made a difference in terms or side-effects. We could not be sure if there were any side- effects of the device. We rated the quality of the studies as low, mainly because of issues with blinding (i) and impreision (e.g., the number of studies was too small to be sure that the people in the studies knew which device was being used).
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) with 1453 children. The studies were conducted in eight countries, with a mean age of 6.3 years. The children were recruited from gastroentreutic clinics. Fourteen trials recruited children with a range of symptoms of RAP, and five trials recruited all but one child. The trials were of mixed quality. The evidence is up- to- date as at June 2016. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience a reduction in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we found that there was no reduction in the pain intensity of children treated in the probiotics group. We also found that probiotics may be effective in improving pain in children with irritable bowel syndrome. However we found no evidence that probiotic-based interventions were more effective than placebo. We were unable to combine the results of the studies for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these outcomes or used comparable measures to assess them. With the exception of one study, all studies reported monitoring children for adverse events; no major adverse events were reported. We judged the evidence for these two outcomes to be of moderate quality due to small numbers of participants included in the studies. We did not find evidence that low fibre diets were more beneficial than high fibre diets. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for pain relief and moderate for other outcomes. We graded the quality as low for other adverse events, and low for the other outcomes of interest. We considered the quality for pain to be moderate for both pain relief, and moderate quality for other important outcomes.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Most of the included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. Findings from the five trials with the most common outcome (racially diverse) were not consistent, and we could not be sure if the interventions had an effect. We found that the studies were very diverse, in their populations, media types, and outcomes, and that we could only combine the results of two subgroups. We could not tell if the mass media interventions had a positive or harmful effect on the level of bias. We did find that the results from 19 trials (n = 3176) with the same outcome were similar, and they showed that mass media may be of small to medium size, and are equivalent to the level that is commonly seen in the general public. We were not sure if these studies were of good quality, but we could be reasonably sure that they were of low or very low quality. We are not sure how much the studies cost, and there was no evidence that they had an impact. We do know that mass Media Interventions may be helpful in reducing the level and frequency (or both) of bias and prejudice, but there is not yet enough evidence to know if they are of any use in the reduction of prejudice. We need more research to find out if mass media can be of value in the treatment of prejudice, and to know which type of mass media is best.
We included 85 studies in our review. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored their views, 17 of these studies explored that of health care providers, 22 of these included the views of both women, and 22 studies included both the views, views of healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, in rural, urban, and middle and low- and middle-middle-middle income countries. We found 52 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We grouped the studies into three thematic domains: the social and cultural context (11 findings, five of five high- or high-confidence), the service design (24 of 24 findings, 15 of 15 high- confidence), and what it means to the women (17 of 17 high- and low high-certainty) and staff (17 high-and-low-certain, moderate- or low-certain findings, 17 findings, 11 of 17, moderate or high confidence) of the service. We also grouped the three thematics of the three domains of the third domain (supportive care, personal care, and safety) as: the third of the first two was sub-dissolving the first domain (the third was sub dividing the third domains of care). We found that for women, the value of ANC for them to use, and for them, to be their first choice of care, is based on their perception that doing so will be a good-enough, safe-for-the-baby, positive, and personalised service. For women’s perceptions, their perceptions of the value (of the value) of ANC depend on their beliefs that it is a good thing, their reaction (or fear) of being in a risky state, and on the local social and/or cultural norms that they think might be harmful. For staff, the quality of the local service that they provide and the way they provide it depends on the
This review of trials found that oral nimodipine reduces the risk of poor outcome, and that other oral and intranasal calcium antagonists reduce the risk for second ischemic ischaemic events. The results for 'poor outcome', which is a measure of the risk, are not beyond all doubt. The review found that intravenous calcium antagonists are not effective in the treatment of aneurysm-related aneurystomies. Intravenous calcium blockers are not safe.
We searched for studies that compared myeloablative therapy with no treatment or with other treatments for high-risk neuroblastoma. We found three studies that met our inclusion criteria. All three studies were of high quality, but all had some limitations. The evidence is up-to date as of January 2014. The three studies included 739 children. The age of the children ranged from one year to 18 months. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea and Turkey. The results of the studies were not consistent. The review found that myeloablation therapy seems to be effective in terms of event-free survival. However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses, the difference in event- free survival was no longer statistically significant. The overall survival was not significantly different between the treatment groups. The quality of the evidence was not high. The included studies were too small to be able to draw any conclusions about the best treatment strategy for high risk neuroblastomies. The best study design to answer these questions is a randomised controlled trial. These trials should be performed in homogeneous study populations (e.g. stage of disease and patient age) and have a long-term follow- up. Different risk groups, using the most recent definitions of high- risk disease, should be taken into account. It should be kept in mind that recently the age cut-off for high blood cancer was changed from one-year to 18-month. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease have been included in high-cancer groups. Consequently the relevance of the results of these studies to the current practice can be questioned.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and identified eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration of the trials was 12 months. The evidence is current to February 2017. We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause, and the risk for tumour response (complete response plus partial response) from 8 trials. TACE may have increased the risk that tumour cells were grown back, but the evidence was of low to very low certainty. We are uncertain about the effect of TACE on health-related quality of life. None of the included trials reported serious adverse events. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE compared with 3-dCRT did not reduce the risk in the proportion that had leukopenia (low-certainty evidence), serum transaminases (a marker of tumour growth) elevation (very low-certainies), and serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) without decline or normalisation (very-low-quality evidence). The rate of participants with serum alphafetop protein (AFP), a marker of liver function, without decline (normalisation) was lower in the TACE group than in the 3- DCRT group, but these data were from one trial only. The risk of adverse events was higher in the group that received TACE, but we are uncertain of the effect on the other outcomes. The quality of the evidence for the outcomes of all-cause mortality and tumour responses was low to moderate. The certainty of the available evidence was very low because of the methodological weaknesses in the included studies.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein (with protein, minerals, and minerals), had better growth and growth outcomes up to three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. To date, no randomised trials are available that examine the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD. Research should be directed at evaluating the effects on this group of infants on clinically important outcomes like mortality, respiratory status, growth and development. The benefits and harms of various ways of increasing energy intake, including higher energy density (higher energy density formula) and/or increased fluid volume (clinically realistic target volume should be set), parenteral nutrition, and the use of various constituents of energy like carbohydrate, protein and fat for this purpose also need to be assessed.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavan vein N = 3) or low (femoral vein N > 1) for most of the studies, and high (fenestration N = 1) at best (fearfulness N = 2) for two studies. Most of the trials had some risk of bias. The results of the review suggest that, for the subclavus, ultrasound may be more effective than an ultrasound landmark method (where the needle is placed in the vein and the blood is passed through it) for the first time. For the femoral vein, there was no evidence of a difference in the risk of inadvertent puncture (when the needle gets stuck) or in the number of attempts to get the catheter in the right place (when it gets stuck). No data on the risk or number of deaths were reported. For patients with a high-risk of complications, there were no data on whether two- dimensional ultrasonography (two-DUPS) was more effective. The review found that, on the first try, two DUPS were more likely to be more likely (on the first attempt) to be successful than an anatomy- landmark method. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low.
This review of 15 studies found that there were no usable results from the studies of the intravenous form. The best dose of physostigmine was effective in improving the ADS test score, but the results of the control-stage trials were not usable. The control-phase trial of the controlled-stage trial of a higher-dissolving form of the drug did not show any benefit. The lower-dessication trials of the same type of drug did show no benefit. There were more people who withdrew from the trials due to side-effects (nausea, diarrhoea, anorexis, dizzy spells, flatulence, vomiting, stomach pain, tremmy, tremor, astheia, or sweats). The best-disease-modifying drug, a fixed-dose (mean 33 mg/d) of the active drug, was effective for the symptomatous treatment (at 12 weeks), but the fixed-dose trials did not find any benefit for the treatment of symptoms. The higher- and the low-ddose trials of this drug did, in fact, show no difference in the number of people who improved. The results of two of the four studies (1456 people) of a lower dose (12 mg/day) of this medicine were not useful. The single dose (delivering 12 mg/a), the double-d dose (5.7mg/d), and the lower- dose (4.7 mg/daily) of physiostigmin showed no benefit for cognition. The evidence of effectiveness of physiosterigmine for the management of Alzheimer's disease is limited.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of heart disease, two trials recruited people with a recent stroke, and one trial included people with both heart and stroke. We found that fibrate drugs can prevent stroke, heart attacks, and death. The effect of fibrates on the primary outcome of non-fate stroke, non-mysterectomies (heart attacks and deaths from vascular causes), and vascular death was consistent irrespective of age, gender, and diabetes mellitus. The evidence for the effect of the fibratid class on the main outcome of myocardial infarction was not consistent. The fibratin class was not effective in preventing death from any cause, death from vascular cause, or stroke. The risk of adverse events was similar with fibrinoids and placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitation of the review was that the number of trials was small and the number and type of participants varied between trials. The review authors recommend that further trials of the use of fibrotide drugs in populations with previous stroke and also against a background treatment with statins (standard of care) are required.
This review of trials found that giving TA to women at low risk of bleeding (3285 women) after CS (9 trials, 2453 women) or after vaginal birth (three trials, 832 women) decreases blood loss and prevents PPH. The risk of PPH was lower in the group of women who had CS. The effect of TA on blood loss was more pronounced in the women who were having a vaginal birth. The number of blood transfusions and other medical treatments were less in the TA group. Mild side-effects such as mild dizzy spells, dizzyness, and dizzy stools were more common in the groups of TA women. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2015. The quality of the evidence was moderate for blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL in women who received TA versus placebo or no intervention. The results of the review are based on mixed quality evidence. The review found that TA (in addition to uterotonic medications) decreases postpartum blood loss (postpartum PPH) and prevents blood transfusion and other interventions following vaginal birth and CS in women at high risk of blood loss. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the use of TA. The effects of TA for the prevention of thromboembolic events and mortality are uncertain. The use of this drug in high-risk women should be investigated further.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly). The studies compared amantadine and rimantadines with placebo (a pretend drug) or paracetamol (a fake medicine) or zanamivir (an antiviral drug) to treat influenza A. The studies were conducted in children and the elderly. The evidence is current to February 2015. The results of the studies did not indicate that amantADine and the limited benefits of rimantADines could be useful in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of influenza A in children. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with amantAdine or rimantAdines. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drugs was not well established. The included studies were of low or very low quality.
We searched for evidence on 15 May 2017 and found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared endometrial injury with no intervention or a placebo procedure. These trials included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies the were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared endometric intervention with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared endometryrial injury in the cycle prior to IUI with endometrium injury in another cycle of IUI. One trial compared higher degree of endometric injury with lower degree of intentional endometria injury. We are uncertain whether endometriosis improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. The evidence is up to date to May 2017. We found that endometries performed in the period prior to the IUI did not improve the chances of live birth or clinical pregnancy. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometry was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS) and only one study reported this outcome. However, only one of the studies reported this. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution as we graded the quality as either low or very low as we downgraded the quality because of the risk of bias in the included studies. The main reasons we downgrade the quality were most included studies were at a high risk of systematic error and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four studies (3905 participants) in this review. The studies all compared professional oral care versus usual oral care. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were unable to determine whether professional oral services resulted in a lower incidence of pneumonia in nursing home residents compared with usual oral services over an 18-month period. We also were unable or not to determine if professional oral service resulted in fewer first episodes of pneumonia compared with care given by nurses or dentists. We found low-quality evidence that professional oral treatment may reduce the risk of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with nursing home nursing staff. We could not determine whether or not professional oral therapy resulted in an increase in the number of deaths due to pneumonia. We are uncertain whether or the number or all-cause mortality was reduced when compared to usual care. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care, and we found no high-quality studies that compared professional care versus no oral therapy. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in each study.
This review included five studies with 149 participants. These studies assessed the effectiveness of bismuth subsalicylate (nine 262 mg tablets) versus a dummy treatment (placebo) for the treatment of lymphocytic colit. The studies compared bizutidine (9 mg/day) with a dummy (fake) treatment (dilute) for 6 to 8 weeks. Bizutide (9.2 g/day for 6 weeks) was found to be effective for the induction of clinical and histological response. Budesonide (2.4 g/daily) was also effective for induction of a clinical response. The study which compared budesonide with placebo (fake treatment) found that budesonides (9mg/day or 10 mg/daily for 8 weeks) were more effective than placebo for induction and maintenance of clinical response and histology response. There were no differences in clinical or histological responses between bismuther subsalcylate and placebo. The beclometasone dipropionate study found that beclomiphene dipropate (5 mg/a or 10mg/a) was more effective for inducing clinical response than mesalazine (2 g daily) and histologically response. However, there were no clear differences between the two groups at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment. The budesonid studies reported side effects such as nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in the mesalidine study. Side effects in beclometric dipropine study include nausea, sleepiness and change of mood. No side effects were reported in the bismUTH subsalcyylate study. The bismothoracic acid (5.2 mg/d daily) was not more effective in inducing clinical remission than placebo. There was no difference in clinical remission between bizotidine and
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with 3259 participants. The intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring, one study (2324 patients) showed a decrease in HbA1c (a blood sugar test) at up- to-six- month and 12 month time points, but this effect was not significant. Two trials (493 patients) found that self-watch-of-blood glucose (SMBG) had no effect on well-being or quality-of life. One trial (9 trials) showed that self self- monitorers spent 12 times more on self-metering of urine (a reflectance meter). The cost of the self-meter was also 12 times the cost of self-testing blood glucose. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes, and these effects were not significant, so we are uncertain about the effects. None of the studies reported on the risk of death. We conclude that when the diabetes is over one year, the effect of SMBG on glycassidy is small. The effect of self self monitorers on glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabet is small, and the effect is not significant up-to-six months or 12 months. There is no clear evidence that SMBG affects well- being, general well-ness or quality of life. More studies are needed.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychotic treatments for people with AsPD. Eleven studies were included, but data were only from five of these. These studies were of poor quality. Only two studies focused solely on an As PD sample. Only one study reported on the effects of reconviction, and the rest were on aggressive behaviour. Three interventions (cognizant, coping, and cognitive behaviour treatments) were found to be effective, but the results were not consistent. Each of these treatments had been developed for drug use. There was no evidence that one of the treatments was better than the other. The results of the review suggest that there is not enough research to support the use of any of these therapies.
This review included 11 studies with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed data on the common cold. Five studies contributed to one or more analyses relating to purulent rhinitis. One study reported on side-effects. There was no evidence of any benefit from the use of antibiotics for the common cough in adults. There is no clear evidence that there is any benefit in the use or absence of symptoms in people with the common throat or the nose. There were more side- effects in people who took antibiotics for purulent rheumy nose. The review found that there was no clear benefit from using antibiotics for persistency of the common nose in people of all age. There are no studies on the use and absence of side-side-effects in people without the common lung disease. There may be some benefit in people having a sore throat and nose, but the review found no clear effect on the number of people with a sore nose.
We included five trials (162 participants) in this review. Three trials were conducted at a hospital dermatology department. One trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The trials were of very low-quality. The studies were conducted in a hospital and involved 162 adults. The average age was between 12 and 77 years. The participants had mild to severe psoriasis. The duration of treatment ranged from six weeks to 24 months. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found only five trials, which assessed the effects of five comparisons (systemic antibiotic treatment (penicillin, azithromycin, rifampicin, rituximab, and rifamab) and no comparison of other treatments (systemics (systematic antibiotic treatment, rutaben, ractopril, and azithrofen) versus no treatment). The trials did not measure our primary outcome, time to resolution of psorosis, or our secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. None of the trials measured the proportion of participants achieving PASI 75 or PGA 1 to 2. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included trials were at high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and unclear reporting of outcome reporting bias). The quality was very uncertain due to the small number of events and participants, and the small numbers of participants. The results of the review were inconclusive. The review authors did not find any evidence that any of the comparisons were superior to the other comparisons. The overall quality of evidence was low.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and identified 12 studies enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven studies tested vitamin D₃, and one study tested vitamin₂. Vitamin D⁃ had no effect on the risk of relapse, worsening of disability, or MRI lesions. VitaminD�o did not increase the risk for serious side effects. Vitamin A was found to be safe, although available data are limited. Vitamin B may have a positive effect on health-related quality of life, but the evidence is of very low quality. Vitamin C may have no effect. Vitamin E may have an effect on fatigue, but this is uncertain. Vitamin F may have had no effects on cognitive function, psychological symptoms, or psychological symptoms. Vitamin K may have been beneficial, but there is no evidence of a benefit for this. Vitamin M may have some beneficial effects, but these are uncertain. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included studies were small and of short duration, and the results of the studies were not consistent. The evidence is up to date to January 2017.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials comparing morphine with other pain killers or with no pain killers (placebo) in people with cancer. We found 62 studies, with 4241 people. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over (where people are randomly put in one or more groups) design, which means that people are put in either one or both groups at random. The studies were of poor quality. We could not tell if the people in the groups were being treated with morphine, because the studies were too small. We did not find enough studies to be sure that the people taking part in the studies had pain relief of at least 'no worse than mild' pain. We were able to use morphine in a range of doses, from 25 mg to 2000 mg, and we found that most people had pain that was no worse than'mild', but a small number of people were not well enough to be well. We are not sure how much pain people had, but we found over 90% had pain of no worse, or 'no more than' mild, pain within a reasonably short time. We also found that people who took morphine in the same dose as they took morphine by mouth had about the same pain relief. We do not know how much people had. We have not found enough studies that compare morphine with non-opioids, so we do not have a clear idea of how much of a pain killer is best. We can tell from the studies we found how much and how often people should be given, but not how long to take it. We need more studies to find out if there are any important side-effects. We think that people should know that morphine is an effective pain killer, but the studies are old, and the studies have been done for a long time. The quality of the studies is poor.
We included 14 trials, with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (around 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies compared nine different types of treatment: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery versus open surgery (five studies); open surgery plus steroid injection versus steroid injection (one study); percervical surgery plus steroids versus open surgical treatment (five trials); endoscopic surgery versus an open operation (one trial); and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether open surgery is better than steroid injections in terms of preventing recurrence of trigger finger symptoms. We found that people who had open surgery had less recurrence (recurrence of symptoms) of symptoms compared with people who received steroid injection. However, people who underwent open surgery were more likely to have pain on the palm of the hand. We also found that more people had pain with open surgery compared with steroid injection, and that more participants had pain on their hand after open surgery than with steroid injections. We were uncertain whether people who were treated with open surgical intervention had more side effects (such as infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis). We are also uncertain whether the risk of side effects was increased with open or steroid injection because of the small number of people in the studies. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most outcomes. The main reasons for this were the small numbers of studies and participants, and because the studies were not well designed.
This review of three randomised controlled trials, with 931 participants, found that PCV, either before or after RT, appears to be an effective neoadjvant treatment for people with AO or AOM. However, PCV is toxic to the blood, and should be used with care. The use, however, of PCV in this group of people is not yet known. The authors of the review found that the use, in some people, of markers (e.g. codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-2 mutation) may be useful in predicting survival.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to severe OA. All studies were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three studies compared intranasal corticostimulants (medications that block the release of inflammation) with a dummy drug (placebo). Two of these three studies (n = 137) used montelukast, a drug that blocks the release (respirator) of inflammation. The other two (n > 103) used a placebo (a pretend drug). We are not sure whether the use of intrana- corticoids for the treatment of OA in children is effective. We are also not sure if the use or lack of use of corticosteroids is important for the other two main outcome markers (a change in the amount of red blood cells in the blood (the 'desaturate') and a change (the level of red light) in the brain). We found that montleuka (a drug) has short-term benefits for OA, in healthy, non-obese, surgic untreated, surgically treated, and well-travelled, non obese, non blind, and non-surgic, boys and girls. In two of the three studies, montleucast was well tolerated. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for the primary outcome of AHI, as well as the respiratory arousal index and the respiratory arousals. The quality of the studies was low for the outcomes of A HI and respiratory arousal. The evidence was high for the outcome of respiratory arousal and for the secondary outcomes. The overall certainty of evidence was low due to differences in the results between studies. The studies were of moderate quality. The main limitations of the review were the small number of children included in the studies, the small numbers of children in the trials
We searched for studies that compared systemic treatments with no intervention (no treatment) or with other treatments in children with CVCs. We found six studies, which included 1291 children. Five studies investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecule weight heparin (LMWH), antithrombocyte (AT), low-dose warfarin (31), cryopreventive (240), fresh frozen (240) and fresh frozen blood (41) supplements). Three of the six studies were funded by the drug industry. The other three were funded in part by the CCT. The studies were of low quality. We did not find any significant effects of the systemic treatments on VTE, but we found that the number of children with VTE was low. We also found no significant effects on the number or occurrence (of major and/or small) bleeding events. We are not sure if the risk of VT is increased with the use of these treatments. We cannot be sure that the risk is lower with antithripsin or warfarine. We do not know if the use (of antithrimbin) or warparins (of 240) is better than no treatment. We could not tell if the treatment is more or less harmful than no therapy. We were not sure how the studies were carried out. We need more studies to find out if there are any benefits of the treatments.
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants. The first trial of a total number of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the risk of postoperative brain damage in 14 (30%) of the CSFD group, and 17 (33% of the controls) in the first 24 to 22 days after surgery. The second trial of 33 participants used a combination of CSFD and intrathecal papaverine. It showed a statistically significant reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit (P = 0.039) compared to controls. In the third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery in the control group. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the CSDF group and 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) in control group in the second trial. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in postoperative deficits. There were no significant differences in the risk for spinal cord injury between the CSFSF and controls. The third trial did not show a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. There are limited data supporting the role of CSFSD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) with 662 people. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that NB-UVB is not effective for treating CPP and is not more effective than conventional phototherapy. In one trial, people with CPP were not more likely to achieve a clinically significant reduction in their CPP score. In three other trials, people were less likely to reach a clinically meaningful reduction in CPP. In the comparison of NB- UVB with oral PUVA, the clearance rate was inconsistent. In two trials, the difference in the clearance rates was not statistically significant. In people with PPP, one trial found no significant differences between NB-UVB and topical PUVA treated sides in terms of clearance rate. In participants with PP, one study found no differences between the NB-VUBB treated sides and the PUVA-treated sides in the terms of the clearance. In other trials of CPP, the evidence was inconsistent because in one trial there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, the clearances were statistically significantly in favour of oral PUVAs. In conclusion, the quality of the evidence for the use of NBUVB for the treatment of CP was low. The quality of evidence for other outcomes was low, mainly because the studies were small and the results were inconsistent. The review authors recommend that further research is needed to confirm the long-term safety of NBUBA.
This review of trials found that biofeedback and electrical nerve stimulants (such a sacral nerve stimator) may be more effective than either bio-feedback or exercises in the treatment of faecal incontinence. There was not much evidence as to which of these two methods was the best. There were no clear benefits of sphincter exercise or of bio-fibreback. There is some evidence that rectal volume discrimination (rectal volume training) may help people with faeces to control more than sham training. There are no clear effects on the number of incontinents. There may be some evidence to suggest that some methods of sphinx training, such as spharnet, may be helpful. There has been no evidence as yet as to how bio-sphincters or bio-breatheers compare to other methods. There have been no trials of spnT.
This review looked at the benefits and harms of different policies for the use of cathecters. Thirty nine randomised trials were included in the review. They were generally small and were of poor or only of low or very low quality. The trials were of short term, small, and of poor reporting. The review found that people who used a catheters were at a greater (but not statistically different) risk (but with the same risk) of needing to be re-catheted (re)catheters if they did not use them after the procedure. There was no clear evidence that a cathercter was more likely (or less likely) to be used if it was not re-used. There were no clear benefits or harms of clamp- and-re-reinsertion policies.
This review included ten studies with a total of 3340 participants. Seven studies compared the effectiveness of aripiprazole to a dummy drug (placebo), and three studies used aripipsole in addition (lithium, haloprope, and haloprogene). Two of these studies included a third group (liferiferine, valproate, or haloprost) of people who had manic mania. The studies were of mixed or unclear quality. A high drop-out rate (20%) from most trials (eight of the trials) may have affected the results. Aripipazole was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks. A modest difference was noted between aripidine and placebo in terms of the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) at three weeks. No significant differences were noted between the two drugs in reducing mania at three or four weeks or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks. Compared with placebo, aripinerazole caused more movement disorders, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), on the Barnes Akathisia Scale (BAS) and by participant-reported akathisiasia (high quality evidence), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication (high-quality evidence). Aripidinerazole also led to more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders) and caused more children/adsolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. Significant heterogeneity was present in the meta-analysis of movement disorders associated with aripidrazole and other treatments and was most likely due to the different side effect profiles of lithium and haloperidol. At the three-week time point, meta-analyses were not possible because of lack of data; however, at 12
We found three studies that evaluated the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments on CVC-related infections. Two studies evaluated urekinase lock treatment with conchitant systemic antibiotics (n = 56) and one study compared ureke lock with concomitant systemic antibiotics and one trial compared uroke lock plus conchitant with concentrant systemic antibiotics. The studies were of poor quality. We found no evidence of any difference in the number of CVCs that were cured, the number that were re-cleared, the time to the first negative CVC test, the need for CVC removal, the CVC's premature removal, ICU admission and sepsis. No adverse events were found. No studies evaluated the use of urekase or urokase-like drugs (e.g., ureterase, urete, urokinase) in addition to systemic antibiotics were found, but this could be due to low power or a too-short time to follow-up. No RCTs were found on the use or lack of use of antibiotic-based CVC lock treatments. All three studies had problems with their methods. We conclude, that more well-conduct and well-reported RCT and CCTs are needed.
This review identified 15 studies that compared interventions to improve the symptoms of whiplash. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality (one trial, 348 people) that an advice video of advice to focus on the action (a whiplASH pamphlet) was more effective for acute whiplase pain than no treatment. There is low- to very low- quality (nine trials, 348 adults) that a whiplashes pamphlet on the effect of advice on the movement (whiplash-related pain) was less effective than no advice. There was no difference in the effect on pain, or in the effects of the advice, on function or on the global perceived benefit from the advice. Self-care: There was low-to-very low-level (one small trial, 58 people), very- low- or low-grade (one large trial, 192 people), low- and very-low-level, (one study, 58 adults) evidence that self-care strategies (elevating self-esteem, such as self-help manuals) did not help people with acute to long-term neck pain. Self care strategies (such as advice on pain & stress-coping, stress-related stress, ergonomics, and self-treatment) did no more or less well than no therapy. There were no studies on other TPEs, such a whizz-up, such that are aimed at improving the symptoms and function. The quality of the studies was low or very low.
This review aimed to assess the best way to communicate with people at risk. No studies meeting the study design criteria were found for this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies and literature were included. The thematic synthesis indicates that ideally, the thematic approach to communication should be a multi-faceted programme, ensuring that notification, and the support that is provided, are coordinated, that the intervention is tailored and responds to the person's needs, and that activities to help people to use their voice, such as widespread education, and to ensure that people are not excluded, may be in place. The the thematics of the thematically-researched studies suggest that poor or unclear information about how to best to communicate may have harmful effects, such in the case that poor information is not shared or not shared.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed, 276 analysed) that compared opioids (prolonged-rescue oxycidone/naloxone) with a dummy (placeb) (fake) pill. The drug group had a higher rate (7.0) of patients who were drug-responders (7/12) than the dummy group (7-7.5%) and a higher proportion of patients with remitters (7% in the drug group and 5/12 in the dummy). The drug groups had similar rates of patients experiencing daytime somnolence (somnolent), difficulty staying awake during the day, and naps during the night. The quality of life scores also improved more in the group than in the placebo group. Quality of sleep was improved more with the drug groups measured by sleep adequacy (measured by sleep quantity) and quality of sleep quantity (measurement of sleep quality). There was no difference between groups for daytime somNolence, trouble staying awake, or naps. More adverse events were reported in the opioid group (RR 1.22; 95% CI 1.07 to 1.39). The major adverse events reported were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS symptoms, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence).
This review of trials found that external fixation reduces redisplacement, gives better results for the fracture, and prevents late collapse. There was not enough evidence, from trials, to be sure that the results were better than those of the plaster cast group. There were some problems with the way the trials were carried out. There is some support for the use of external fixings for distal radial fracture.
We found five studies (1127 patients) that compared early removal of ureteric stents with late stent removal. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that early removal may reduce the incidence of UTI, but it is uncertain whether there is a higher risk of MUC. The incidence of Muc was reduced in the early stent group. This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was only apparent if a BI stent was used. However, if an externalised PU stent is used there was no discernible difference in UTI between the early and late group. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking. The quality of the evidence was low or unclear.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two studies fitted PMCs fitted with the 'Halls technique', or with fillers, with non-restorative caries. One of these two studies also added a third arm, which allowed the review to include the review. The studies were of very low to very low quality. The review found that crowns placed on the front of the molar teeth with carious lesions, or after pulp treatment, are more likely to be more likely than fillings to be safe, and to be less likely to have a major failure (when the teeth are filled) or pain (when they are filled). There was no evidence that crowning the front teeth with a crown made of a piece of metal (stained steel) was more likely, or less painful, than fillers. There was also no evidence of a difference in gingivings (gings) between the two groups. The quality of the studies was low or very low, so we are not certain that the results are valid. The amount and the quality (of the evidence) of the evidence for crowns versus fillings, and for crowning with a piece made of metal versus a piece that is not made of gold, is low. There are no studies that compare crowns made of either of these types.
We included 28 studies involving 788 people with CF. Most studies were of variable quality. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used and in three studies it was unclear if a mask or mouthpiece were used. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenetics (a type of breathing therapy), autogenesis (a process of breathing that uses the lungs to help the airway to open), high-fibre chest wall vibrations (HFCWO), BiPaP (BiPneumatic Pulse Activation), exercise and exercise. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that PEP using a face mask reduced the number of lung attacks compared to other methods of airway clearance. However, the results were not consistent across studies. There was no difference in the number or duration of treatment between PEP and other methods. There were no differences in the severity of the symptoms of CF. There is some evidence that PP may be more convenient than HFCWOs, but the evidence was of variable certainty. There are no studies comparing PEP with other methods for lung function. There may be some differences between PP and HFCWs in terms of side effects. In one study, five participants complained of dizziness, which improved after further instructions on device use. In a study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux, this was more severe in the PDPP group (26 infants). In one of the included studies, when comparing PPEP with oscillating PEP devices, side effects were only reported in the flutter group (22 participants). In the one long-term high-quality study (107 participants) there was little or no difference between the two groups in terms number of side events, but those in the lower airways had fewer side effects related to lower
We searched for studies that compared CZP with placebo (a pretend drug) in people with Crohn's disease. We found four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe CD. All studies included participants with Crohns disease and Crohn’s disease disease. Most participants were adults over 18 years of age. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The CZPs were given 100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks for 2 to 8 weeks. The evidence is current to August 2015. The results of the studies showed that CZp was superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission and clinical response at week 8. The numbers of participants achieving clinical response were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the CZB and the placebo groups, respectively. In addition, the numbers of people achieving clinical resolution at week eight were 40.2% (336/8 35) and 30.9%, respectively. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73/836) and 6.2%, respectively, in the group receiving CZBP and the group of participants receiving placebo. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn't disease, infections, and malignancy. The quality of the evidence was moderate for both outcomes. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of events.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of drugs for heart failure in people with CKD. We included studies that randomly assigned participants to one of three or more treatment groups. We also included studies in which people were randomly assigned to a treatment group or a control group. We found 112 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to combine the results of 26 of these 26 studies (19,612 people). We found that people with heart failure who received beta-blockers may be less ill, and people with a low risk of heart failure may be more likely to be admitted to the hospital. We did not find studies that looked at drugs that are used to treat heart failure. We are not sure if drugs that block the action of the heart, such as angiotensin, aldosterone, or angiotenin-receptors, are helpful for people with chronic heart failure, as the results were not consistent. We do not know if drugs like ald testosterone, angiotinsin-converting enzyme inhibitors, angiopressin receptor blockers, or aldosteroids are helpful in people who have heart failure and CKD, as we did not have enough data to be able to draw any conclusions. We cannot be sure whether drugs that slow down heart rate, such a drug called anti-arrhythmic agents, drugs that reduce blood pressure, drugs which slow down the heart rate (called anti-vascular drugs), drugs that stop the heart beating, drugs to slow down blood flow to the heart (called vasopressin receptors), drugs to stop the blood vessels (called angiotin receptor antagonists), drugs which block the blood supply to the lungs (called aldotropin receptor antagonist), drugs used to slow the heart rhythm, drugs used for treating heart failure or kidney function, drugs for treating people with kidney failure, drugs taken to lower blood pressure (called beta-agonists), drugs for improving blood pressure or blood pressure
This review found three studies involving 1945 women. The studies were of moderate quality and included a total of 1945 women, and were conducted in the USA, UK and Canada. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 1991. The women were followed up for between one and three weeks. The evidence is current to January 2013. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The risk of instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different between groups. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies, but there was no statistically significant difference between groups, and there was insufficient evidence to recommend one form of tocodynamic monitoring over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour.
We included two studies involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. The studies were conducted in the USA and were conducted between 1980 and 2012. Both studies were funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and involved people with chronic leg pain. The two studies were of low methodological quality and were of short duration. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline, half venous refilling time and total venous filling time were observed in the group of participants who exercised compared with the control group. One of the studies reported no differences between the two groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. Although muscle strength assessed by dynamometry at slow speed did not differ between the groups in this study, variable peak torque at fast speed was lower in the control groups than in the exercised group. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to chronic venus venous venous pain and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included studies. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with CVI. Future research into the effect of physical activity should consider types of exercise protocols (intensity, frequency and time), sample size and blinding and homogeneity according to severity of disease.
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosupplement of the HA class is an efficacious and safe treatment for knee OA. The review found that HA viscosupressure is as good as non-steroid drugs (NSAIDs), but has more side-effects. The HA class of viscos suppresses the growth of the knee by applying fluid to the skin. The results of the review suggest that HA is an effective and safe class of product. The trials were of moderate to high quality. The evidence is up- to- date as of September 2013.
We searched for clinical trials that compared misoprostol with placebo (a fake drug) or with uterotonic drugs (drugs that increase blood flow) for the treatment of PPH. We found 10 trials with 4052 women. Four trials (1881 women) compared the use of misopropanol (a drug that increases blood flow in the womb) with the use (in addition) of uterotone (a hormone) given in addition. The other two studies (1787 and 1881 women, respectively) compared oxytocin (a medicine that increases the amount of blood pumped through the uterus) with misopristol. The review found that misoprophol given in combination with uterotonics did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal illness, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy. Misoprostanol was associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. Two trials (1789 women) looked at the effectiveness of estrogen and tranexamic acid, but were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. One study (1887 women) also looked at lower segment compression, but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PPH unresponsive to uterotonic drugs and/or haemostatics. The role of tranxamic acid and compression methods requires further evaluation.
This review of trials found that routine short-term cysteine chloride supplementation of PN in pre term infants improves the amount of nutrients in the blood. Nitrous nitric oxide was increased by cystein supplementation, but not N- acetylcythsteine. There was no evidence that N-acetylcathsteine supplements had an effect on the risk of death or other serious adverse events. There is not enough evidence to assess the risks of N-aceetylcereine supplements, especially regarding the first two weeks of administration. The review found that there is not yet enough evidence from a large trial to support the use N-acetylcochranean supplementation of cysteins in pre-eclampsia infants.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes mellitis. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found no evidence of difference in the number of people who died, developed serious adverse events, or experienced serious side effects between people who received active treatment versus people who did not receive active treatment. There was no evidence that the number or the number and severity of serious side events was different between people receiving active treatment and those not receiving active treatments. There were no differences between people in the groups receiving active and no treatment in the proportion of people with serious side effect. There is no evidence to support the use of active treatment for NAFLD including those with steatohetitis. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for NAHLD including people with steatosis. We do not know whether there is any benefit from the use or not of active treatments for people with NAFLd. We cannot recommend any particular treatment for people who have NAFLT. We recommend that further well-designed randomised trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are conducted to answer this question.
We searched for studies that compared CSF testing of t-tau, p-t Tau or p- tau/ABeta with no CSF test for dementia. We found 15 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included 15 studies with 1282 participants with MCI. Of these, 1172 had data that could be analysed. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, Switzerland and the UK. The average age of participants ranged from 65 to 77 years. The majority of studies were funded by government agencies. The CSF t- t Tau test was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values ranged between 48% to 88%. The sensitivity of the CSF p-teau test was assessed in six studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases). The sensitivities were between 40% and 100% while specificity values were between 22% and 86%. The average specificity of 72% was the same as for the CS-tai test. The sensitivity and specificity of the tests were similar. The median sensitivity of 81% was for the t-tea test and the average specificity was 81% for the p-ta test. Five studies (140 cases and 293 non-case) evaluated the accuracy of the patellofemoral index test. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. Only one study reported the accuracy (the best available evidence) of CSF-t-tua/ABetas. The accuracy of CS-teas for ‘other dementias’ had not been investigated in the included primary studies. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, index test methodology and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). We were not
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing robotic assisted laparoscopical radical prostatectomies. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. We found evidence showing no differences in pain between the two types of anaesthetics. We also found evidence that propofol reduces nausea and vomiting after surgery compared with sevoflurane. We did not find evidence that either anaesthetic technique was superior to the other. We identified one ongoing trial. We are uncertain whether the anaesthetic techniques are superior to each other in preventing eye complications. We have found low-quality evidence suggesting that prop ofol may prevent an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP) after pneumoperitoneum and steep Trendelenburg positioning compared with a decrease in IOP after sev ofluranes. However, it is unclear whether this translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostateectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
We included 14 studies in this review, with 1,601,515 women. The evidence is current to September 2016. Most studies found no evidence that maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency had any effect on pregnancy outcomes. The review authors found no clear evidence that the use of topical cortics of any potency had any impact on the outcomes of the baby. The studies included in this update were of low quality. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of low birth weight in women who received potent to very potent topical cortes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We found no association between maternal use of corticostoids of topical potency and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including the number of babies that died during or immediately after birth, the number that died before birth, or the number who died during pregnancy. The overall quality of evidence was very low. The authors of this review found no strong evidence that topical cortisone use had any influence on the number or severity of adverse pregnancy outcome. The findings of this update are consistent with the previous version of this study.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in two or three groups) that met our inclusion criteria. The total number of included patients was 611. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and South Africa. All trials were of good quality. The studies compared the treatment of keratitis (bacterial keratosis) with corticostimulants (e.g., corticosteroids) or no treatment. The treatments were given for two months to one year. The largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT), which included 611 patients. The trial followed up patients for two and one-half years. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014. The review found no evidence that corticoids are effective in the treatment or safety of kerato-infected patients. There was no evidence of a difference in the time to re-epithelia (the lining of the corneal wall) in the corticotecan (the skin covering of the eye), time to the formation of scarring, or time to scarring. The study that reported the time from the start of the trial to reopening of the scar was small. The other three small trials did not find an effect. The authors of the SCUT did not have enough data to be sure that the treatment was better than no treatment, but they did not report on side effects. One of the three small studies found no difference in side effects in the two groups. The investigators of the largest trial did not give enough data on side effect data. One trial reported on the effect of the treatment on the time for the skin to reopens. The results of the other three trials were not consistent. The overall quality of the trials was not high. We found no reports on the cost. We did not include any reports on quality-of- life. We rated the quality
We included four trials with 450 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous vascular interventions for ischaemic stroke. The other trial compared percutaneously administered intravenous therapy with intravenous treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The results of the trials were not consistent. The quality of evidence was low. The number of participants who died at the end of follow-up was not significantly different between the two groups. There was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic bleeding in the brain between the intervention and control groups. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials that percutoscopic vascular interventions are superior to intravenous blood clotting therapy in terms of functional outcome. The included trials were small and of low quality. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found one study, involving 120 families and 143 children. The study was conducted in the UK, and compared centre-based day care with no treatment (care at home) for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. The children were followed up for three years. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found no evidence that centre- based day care improved or worsened children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or psycho-development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that centre care improved employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment or maternal hours per week in paid employment. The included study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that some studies included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. We therefore recommend that future studies of centre--based care for children and their parents should be conducted to assess the effects of day care for disadvantaged children. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect.
This review identified 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices. Eleven of the 30 scoring index have undergone some form of index validateations. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index, the most recent of these, have been fully validated. The other 11 have been tested in a limited way. The results of the studies have not been fully published. In the absence of fully published research, the results of this review are not conclusive.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated the use of nailing or plating for these types of fractures. The trials involved 173 adults with tibial tibia metaphysseal fractures. All of the people in the trials were male. The average age of the adults in the studies was 41 to 44. The evidence is current to September 2014. The three trials were at high risk of bias, meaning that their results may not be reliable. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain between the two groups. The results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing, but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operation after nailing. Similarly pooled data (172 participants, three trials) showed no difference in the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union between the groups. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed that there was no clinically significant difference in pain between two groups, but the results of this trial were inconclusive. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use or the best surgical intervention for distal tibiolei fractures in adults. The addition of evidence from two ongoing trials of nails versus plating should inform this question in future updates. Further randomised studies are warranted on other issues, but should be preceded by research to identify priority questions.
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared the use of systolic drugs (a drug that lowers blood pressure) to lower blood pressure. The risk of bias in the studies was varied. The pooled risk of recurrences of stroke was 0.81, and the risk of major stroke 0.90. The combined risk of death from any cause was 1%. The pooled rate of major vascular event 0.58. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found that BPLDs reduced the risk for recurrent stroke in people with stroke or TIA. We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (a medicine that lowers the amount of fluid in the blood). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for recurrent strokes was 0, and for major vascular events 0, with the pooled RR for major events 0.88. The results of this review suggest that B PLD treatment may reduce the risk that people with TIA have a recurrent stroke. The overall quality of evidence was high.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that men who took B-s-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside (B-sitrostol) had better urine flow, improved prostate size, and improved symptoms of BPH. B-sitosterol did, in fact, reduce the size of the men's prostates. Bile ducts (pills) were not affected. Biliary ducts are a gland that contains the hormone B-tryptophan, which is thought to be a hormone that promotes the growth of prostates, and B-tsynthetic B-Sitosteryl (BST) is a drug that is thought by some to be an anticoagulant. Bactrim (Bactrim), a drug which is a prostate-suppressing drug, has been shown to be helpful in the treatment of B-hypothyroid syndrome. Bistrostolic Bactriols (Bsitosterols), a non-gluxosidic B-stylus, have been shown in one trial, to be effective in the control of BH. Bositosterols are not known to be safe or to be of benefit in the long term.
We found 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse events data could be obtained. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal asthma-related deaths when salmetamol was used to treat people with asthma. There was an increase in the risk of asthma- related death in people who were not taking salmetams (i) or inhaled corticostoids (ii) compared to people who took salmeteramol or placebo. There were no significant differences in the number of people who died from asthma in the two large studies that compared regular salmeteromol to a placebo. We could not combine the data from the two largest studies (26,355 participants) as all the asthma--related death in adults occurred in these studies. In patients who were taking inhaled steroids, compared to regular salbutams or placebo, there was an increased risk of death from asthma-based causes. We cannot rule out an increase of asthma deaths in people taking inhaling steroids in the presence of an inhaled steroid. There is also an increased chance of serious adverse effects with regular salmetamicol compared to placebo. The adverse effects of regular salmyol in children remain uncertain due to the small number of children studied.
This review found no evidence that thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severe complications of breathing problems in pre-eclampsia. There is no clear evidence that post-natal thyroid hormone treatments are effective in reducing the number of deaths or other serious adverse events.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 patients. The evidence is current to August 2018. The analyses showed that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The review also showed that the non-abdominal disacchic disacchaes may help to reduce serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease including liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding. The non-absorptive disacchanides were associated with beneficial effects on hepatic encephalopathy. The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect of the nonabsorbables on quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis (very low quality evidence). Non-abs absorbable disaeccharides were not associated with any serious adverse effects. None of the RCTs comparing lactulose versus lactitol evaluated quality oflife. The results of the review found no differences between lactulos and lactitol for the remaining outcomes. The quality of the evidence was moderate for mortality and adverse events, and very low for quality of lives. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in the analyses.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2019 and identified 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) that compared bisphosphonate therapy with placebo or no treatment. The evidence is current to January 2019. Bisphosphoneate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, however low certainty in the evidence indicates it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. Bisosphonates may decrease bone pain, but it is uncertain whether bisph phosphonate treatment prevents spinal deformity or bone necrosis. Bisplatinate therapy is associated with bone pain and bone fractures, but the evidence for this is uncertain. Bisptake inhibitors may reduce bone disease, but we are uncertain whether they prevent fracture. Bispposphonatate therapy does not appear to reduce graft rejection, but there is not enough evidence to know whether it has any effect on graft function. Bispsosphonatinate treatment may increase the risk of bone mineral deficiency, but this is unclear whether it increases the risk for bone pain. It is uncertain if bisphosphosphate therapy or other treatments prevent other skeletal complications after kidney transplants, including spinal deformities or bone breakdown. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney kidney transplant are very uncertain. Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low certainty. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations were the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of studies that reported outcomes.
This review identified four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/daily. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. There were no significant increases in handgripstrength in the magnesium group. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 were from our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are from the two reviews we included. No new studies were included from searches for this update. The evidence is current to January 2017. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The duration of the trials ranged from one week to 14 days. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The review found that antibiotics shorten the time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. Five fewer people per cent of people will experience clinical failure if they are treated with antibiotics instead or placebo or placebo. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis diagnosed either clinically (high-quality evidence) or confirmed by imaging (moderate-quality data) is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcomes of clinical diagnosis and imaging. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the outcome of clinical cure and for the other outcomes of adverse events. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants with serious complications. The included trials did not include children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials.
This review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve the survival of people with stomach tumour that has spread to the stomach. However, the risk of dying from the cancer is higher than for D1 lymphadectomy. The quality of the body of evidence was rated as being of high to very low.
This review of trials found that oral naltrexone treatment was not better than other pharmacologic treatments in terms of the rate of re-incarceration. The review also found that naltrexone was not more efficacious than benzodiazapines and buprene, but was not worse. The number of people who were re-arrested for drug-using was low (28%). The review found that the studies were of poor quality, and so the results should be treated with some degree of caution.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of changing the consistency of fluids in people with dementia. We found two studies that examined the effects on the swallowing of fluids. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial. Both studies included people with and without dementia. The first study, a cross-over trial, looked at the effects in 351 people with a variety (nectar thick, nectar thick and honey thick) of two viscosities (nectar and thick) on the ability to drink from a cup of fluid. The second study, which was a trial of 260 people, looked in a sub-group of 260 with a 'chin down' (head down) posture. Both of these studies were funded by the manufacturer. The results of this trial were not published. The trial found that people who drank nectars and thick liquids with the chin down head posture had a better response to the treatment than those who drank plain fluids. The evidence for the other outcome, which is the effect of thickening fluids, was of low or very poor quality. The study authors did not report the source of the funding. The review found that there were more adverse effects in people who took nectarb thick liquids than those taking plain fluids with a chin down posture. There were more cases of pneumonia in people taking honey thick liquids. There was no evidence that the change in the consistency or amount of fluid had an effect on the health of the person with dementia, but the quality of the evidence was low. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the type of interventions trialled in videofluoroscopy for people with the condition. There are too few studies to be sure about the effects. The quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency and amount of fluids for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few trials have been completed
This review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference in live birth rates for women who had IVF in the natural cycle. However, there was some evidence that IVF may be more likely to be used if the woman has a 53% chance of live birth if she has been treated with IVF. There was no difference in the rates of OHSS, gestations, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestation problems, or treatment cancellations. There were not many data on the costs of IVF and more data are needed. The evidence was of very low quality. The main limitation of the review was that the number of trials was small, and the largest trial has not yet been complete.
We included 12 studies with 984 participants from 23 references in this review. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year. The average age of participants ranged from 61 to 74 years. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. We found that Tai Chi improved functional capacity and pulmonary function in people with COPD. However, the effects of Tai Chi on reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. No adverse events were reported. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions (i.e. breathing exercise or exercise) alone, Tai Chi did not show any additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement in people. No side effects were reported, suggesting that Taichi is safe to practise in people who have COPD and does not cause any side effects. The most beneficial Tai Chi style and number of forms could not be commented upon in different studies. Data are currently insufficient for evaluating the impact of Taichi on maximal exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength in people in the final analysis. Future studies are warranted to address these topics.
We included 72 trials that involved 2470 participants. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were generally small and varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups. There was no difference between the two groups for upper limb performance. There were no differences between the groups for gait speed, balance, participation restriction, or quality of life. There is insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effect of virtual virtual reality on gait, balance or participation restriction. There are no data on adverse events. The quality of the evidence was mostly low. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that compared fluorquinolone treatment with either no fluorocinole (fluorocine) (flavonil) (fluoquinole) (or fluoroxacin) or isoniocinol (florocines) in people with drug-sensitive TB. Three of these trials (723 people) added fluororquinole to the first-line treatment for TB. One of these three trials (174 people) also added lev of lispro (fluorosil) to the standard first-inexplatinol treatment. Fluororocina (flurinole), mxifloxacins, and gatiflokacins were added. The trials were of low or very low quality. There is not yet enough evidence to be clear if adding or substituing fluororoquinolole with fluorocoicines or isonoids in the first line of drug-based treatment for drug-ensitive TB treatment is effective. There was no evidence that the use of fluorobinole or isoniazid was effective in reducing death, sputum culture conversion, or serious side-effects. Fluoicine and mxoflokainol were not used in the same trial. Fluoroquinolinone replacement may have little or no difference in the number of people who died or had a relapse. Fluorosil and isoniaza were not tested in the included trials. Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens with fluoroquinole.
