This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that following asthma education delivered to children, their parents or both, there was a reduction in the number of children who attended the emergency department for acute exacerbations. There was also a reduction of the number who had to be admitted to hospital. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and reduced pain by 16% at 24 hours and by 5% at 48 hours. We also found that ketamine reduces pain by 8 mg morphine equivalent over 24 hours, and reduces opioid consumption by 13 mg. We were able to combine the results of 65 studies, which showed that intravenously administered ketamine was effective in reducing pain by 19% to 19% more than placebo (a dummy pill). We found evidence that intravenial ketamine is effective in decreasing pain at 24 and 48 hours after surgery, and reducing pain during movements by 14% to 16% (moderate-quality evidence). We did find evidence that ketamines reduced nausea and vomiting after surgery by 23% to 27% (high-quality and moderate-quality results, respectively). We were unable to analyse the effects of ketamines on the number of people who experienced CNS (neck and neck) adverse events. We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of small-study effects or because the number was too small. We rated the quality as high for pain at the rest of the operation, moderate for pain during the operation and pain at 48 and 24 hours after the operation (high for pain), and very low for nausea and nausea after the surgery (moderate quality evidence). The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were too small to detect differences between studies.
This review of five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants found that the vaccine reduced the number of children who developed malaria, but the vaccine was administered to children who were not immune to the parasite. However, the vaccine did not reduce the number or severity of malaria episodes. The vaccine was not effective in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug. The MSP2 variant of the MSP parasite (MSP2) was reduced in the MHP/RESa vaccine, but this was only in children with the 3D7 parasite subtype (the variant included in the vaccine). The MHP2 vaccine was ineffective in children whose parasites were infected with the other main subtype of Msp2. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role and merit further development.
This review of four randomised controlled trials, involving 125 participants, found that electromagnetic field stimulation may offer some benefit in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of long bone fractures, but the evidence is inconclusive and insufficient to inform current practice. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised trials.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients having laparoscopically-performed laparopaedic laparic laparate surgery for acute cholecochlecysts. One study included patients with acute cholematosis. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. The average length of hospital stay was shorter in the drain group than in the no drain group. The operating time was longer in the 'drain' group than the 'no drain' group. There was no significant difference between the drain and no drain groups in the number of deaths in the short-term (less than one month) or in the total number of serious adverse events. There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of the number or severity of the serious adverse event. The quality of life of the participants was no different between the two groups. The length of time patients spent in hospital was no longer than in those who were discharged as day-procedure laparopy. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscope-percutaneous chole cystectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicine for treating peripheral neuropathic pain should be made with caution.
This review included five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, reduction in biochemical growth was seen in the IAS group. One trial (N = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia), with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the CAS group (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.92, P = 0). Data from the RCTs comparing the two drugs were limited by small sample size and short duration, and there are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer survival, or disease progression. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%).
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial randomised women to either the immediate insertion of the Copper 7 or the delayed insertion showed that women who had an IUD inserted immediately were more likely to have a baby than women who received a delayed insertion. Another trial randomising women to the levonorgestrel IUD or the Nova T showed that discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova-T group. One of the trials randomising to immediate versus delayed insertion found that women had a higher risk of expulsion when inserted immediately compared to delayed insertion, but the quality of evidence was moderate. The evidence also suggests that women using an Iud immediately after abortion were more than twice as likely to use an ID compared to women who were inserted after a delayed insertion. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use was higher following immediate insertion compared to a delayedinsertion. The quality of the evidence was also moderate for the use and expulsion of ID. The addition of copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion. The overall quality of this evidence was low for the other outcomes.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found only one small trial published as an abstract article. The trial involved 92 participants with acute leukaemia. The participants were randomly assigned to meditation practice or usual care. The study was conducted in the USA and the average age of the participants was between 40 and 60 years. The duration of the study was six months. The results of the trial were not reported. The included study showed that meditation practice might improve the quality of life of haematological malignant patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care group. However, the quality and quantity of the evidence was very low, as the trial was small and the results were not published in a way that would allow us to draw any conclusions. The quality of the included trial was very poor, as there were only a small number of participants and the study did not provide enough information for us to be able to draw conclusions about the effects of meditation practice in haematic malignant individuals.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients who developed varICElla, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received vaccine within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days after exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest varicell vaccine administered within three day to children following household contact with a case reduces infection rates and severity of cases. We identified no RCTs for adolescents or adults. Safety was not adequately addressed. We found high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. We assessed the quality of the included trials as high or questionable due to the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials compared different antibiotic regimens. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the UK and the USA. The evidence is current to May 2014. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic regimen in four of the trials (three trials that had reported mortality and one other trial). None of the other trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people had MRSA due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there were not significant differences between the proportion of people who developed SSI. In one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, the proportion in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) was significantly lower in the comparison. In two trials that compared MRSA infections other than SSI, 19/478 (4.5%), people developed MRSA infection including SSI and chest infection, and bacteraemia. There was no significant difference in the proportion who developed MRS infections at any body site in these two comparisons. The proportion of participants who developed a MRSA-related infection was significantly less in the antibiotic prophyclic group. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple prophyleactic
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. The number of women included in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria and in both studies relatively few of the women presenting with PPRom were eligible for inclusion. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. There was no information on serious maternal illness or death. There is some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included two relatively small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences between groups. Future large and adequately powered randomised controlled trials are required to measure differences between the two groups for relevant outcomes. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarian section. However, staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. Compared with absorbable sutured suturing, staples are associated in terms wound infection and wound complication. However it is important to note that staples may be associated with a differential result depending on whether the skin is cut through the skin or not. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased incidence of skin separation and the need for reclosure compared with absorbables. There is currently no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed after caearean sections.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, South Korea, Thailand, Thailand and the United Kingdom. The results of the trials showed that green tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but the results should be treated with some caution as only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. Green tea was also found to produce favourable effects in total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and blood pressure. However, the results were not stable to sensitivity analysis. When both tea types were analysed together they showed favourable effects for LDL cholesterol and high blood pressure, but only a few trials contributed data to each of the analyses. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has beneficial effects on the CVD risks of CFS, but further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
The review authors identified two small randomised controlled trials that recruited 23 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA and the UK. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 1991 and involved 23 participants with chronic asthma. The participants were aged between 18 and 65 years. The findings of the studies were inconclusive and there was no evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of these studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the review. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to recommend the use azathiprine in chronic asthma for the treatment. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We searched for studies that compared exercise with no exercise in people with cancer. We found 56 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The majority of these studies were carried out in people who had cancer and were undergoing chemotherapy or radiotherapy. The evidence is current to September 2014. We identified that exercise on fatigue can be beneficial for people with cancers of the breast or prostate. We also found that exercise can be helpful for people who have cancer but not for those with blood cancers. We did not find any evidence that exercise was beneficial for those who had other cancers. The findings of this review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can help people with fatigue during and after cancer treatment. However, more research is needed to determine the best type, intensity and timing of exercise.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2016 and found five trials with 3427 participants. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) with HL. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found that patients treated with advanced HL who had been diagnosed with advanced disease after first-line chemotherapy had a higher survival rate (OS) compared to patients treated without advanced disease. However, the evidence was of low quality. The survival advantage was not seen in patients with advanced cancer. The addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients who had their treatment escalated had a better survival rate. However the trial was too small to be able to show a difference in the number of patients who died. The EORC 20012 study did not report quality of life, so we could not assess this. The quality of the evidence for survival was high for patients with HL who were treated with escalated chemotherapy. The overall quality of evidence for the other outcomes was low or very low. The main reasons for this were that the trials were small and the results were not consistent. The included trials were too small and had a high risk of bias. The results of this review are based on five trials, which included a total of 3427 people. The majority of the trials included adults with advanced and advanced HL. We found that people treated with accelerated chemotherapy had better survival compared to those treated with conventional chemotherapy. However this finding is based on only five trials. The number of people who died was low and the quality of this evidence was low. There was no evidence for a difference between the two groups for treatment-related deaths. The analysis of the E ORTC 20011 trial showed no evidence of a difference for treatment related deaths. There is no evidence that the increased survival of patients with accelerated treatment increases the risk of developing second solid tumours. However there is low-quality evidence that this may be
We included studies that compared a medical intervention with a non-medicine intervention or with a different intervention. We found fifteen studies including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven studies) or prostate cancer patients, although two studies were also aimed at prostate cancer. Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual and low quality of evidence that there is no difference in the effect of psycho-educational interventions compared with care as a usual on quality of life. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. In one study breast cancer survivors were offered a physical training programme. Low quality evidence suggested that physical training was not more effective than care asusual in improving RTW or quality of Life. Seven studies assessed the effects of a medical treatment on RTW. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. We also found low quality and moderate quality evidence that less radical, functioning conserverative approaches had similar RTw rates as more radical treatments and moderate and low-quality evidence of no differences in quality of lives. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that multidisdisciplinary interventions involving physical, psycho-teachational and/ or vocational components led to higher rates than care in patients with cancer. We concluded low quality that interventions involving multidiscipline interventions enhance the quality of the life of patients with breast cancer. The evidence is current to January 2015.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a Scottish government agency. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interests. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. We found no new trials in this update. The evidence is current to September 2015. We included four studies involving more women in the UK and Ireland. All four included trials were conducted in developed Western European countries. One additional study is ongoing. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that women should be informed that admission CTGs are likely to increase the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices. However the absence of benefit and likely harm associated with admission CTg will have relevance for countries where questions are being asked about the role of the admissionCTG.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230) in the review. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One study found a difference in clinical pregnancy rates between the mediums used, suggesting that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy numbers than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of any difference between mediums. None were reported on the health of offspring. Most studies (22/32), but no two studies compared the same culture media and none of them provided any evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods. The evidence was up to date to September 2013.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communication between women and their doctors in the first consultation with their cancer doctor. The review authors searched for studies of methods for communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The search strategy identified 2847 citations overall. A total of 30 citations appeared relevant however there were three duplicates which left 27 articles for further review. The authors found no randomised controlled trials of methods to determine the effectiveness and safety of methods in communicating a cancer diagnosis to women, and so could not assess the quality of the studies. The results of the review were therefore not possible to analyse. The reviewers have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice. As some papers reviewed by the authors related to the first visit to the doctor, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communicating a consultation at the first consult would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness, safety and cost-effectiveness.
We included 17 studies with 1006 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The interventions included a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was delivered in a group of people with NSCP. The intervention was compared with a control group that received no intervention. The results showed that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of chest-free days up to three months following the intervention, which is a measure of the number days without chest pain. There is no evidence of effect of treatment on the severity of chest pains up to one year after the treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The included studies were of variable quality and the number and duration of the interventions varied. The wide variability in the outcomes of interest made it difficult to combine the results of the studies. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, there were differences between the studies in terms of the way the studies were carried out and the way they were reported. Therefore, caution is required in interpreting the results. Further studies of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The following antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers were evaluated in at least one trial: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine (or levocabastine), levocABastine or levocade, mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, levocadastine and pemirolast potassium. The trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. The evidence is current to September 2014. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamine and mastcell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti-histamine or mast cell-stabilising agents. Overall, topical antihirsutism and mast-cell stabilisation appear to be safe and well tolerated.
We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria and one of these studies is still ongoing. The two studies were based in the US and involved 1505 participants. The studies were conducted in the community and targeted a range of community-based interventions, including a range and variety of skills. The results of the studies were not consistent and the results of one study were not statistically significant. The other study found positive changes in tobacco use in the intervention arm at six month follow-up. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
We searched for evidence on the benefits and harms of giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) in order to prevent or reduce the risk of death or serious complications. We found one trial involving 72 women with HbSS. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. The evidence is current to August 2015. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfused policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). The available evidence is insufficient to support or oppose giving blood to pregnant pregnant women who have sicklecell anaemia.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. The evidence is current to February 2017. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The majority of the trials were of low-quality. The main outcomes were blood transfusion (proportion) and complications, which were higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the control group. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfused blood was higher in people receiving low central pressure and low central blood pressure plus low venous blood flow. The number of complications was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The total hospital stay, total hospital stays, and operating time were lower with low central flow than with control. The quality of the evidence was very low. The only difference between the two methods of radiofrequency dissection was the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher for the radiofrequency- dissecting method than for the clamp clamp-Crush method, but the difference was based on single trials. The overall quality of evidence was low. There was no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resection is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or blood transfusions. There is no evidence that using radiofrequency decompression equipment for the removal of the liver is of benefit in reducing the need for blood transf transfusions or complications. None of the studies reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. The available evidence suggests that radiofrequency dissection of the livers may be associated with more adverse events than with clamp-breaking. The use of radiofibre dissecting seals should not be used outside the clinical trial setting. The included trials were at high risk of bias. The studies were small and the results
This review aimed to find out which treatments are the best for PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (improvements rate difference 26 to 62%) and PUVA combined with other treatments (improvementation rate difference 45%, 95CI 26 to 61%). However, a combination of PUVA and retinoid is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP, but there is no evidence to support the use in the short term of hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) for PP. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective and neither was topical PUVA. There was no evidence that short-term treatment with hydroxycaramide (Hydroxyure a) is effective. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP but there was no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for P PP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We searched for studies that compared the blood pressure-lowering effect of loop diuretics with other drugs in adults with high blood pressure. We found nine trials that evaluated the blood-pressure-lowerening effect of five drugs within the loop diurtics class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to January 2014. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of the five drugs was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2) mm Hg. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. The dose-ranging effects of loop duretics could not be evaluated. The quality of evidence for both systols and diastolic (lower blood pressure) blood pressure estimates was low due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias. We graded the quality of the evidence as low due the high-risk of bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing planned laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There were considerable differences in the methods of local anaesthesia instillation including the location (subdiaphragmatic, gallbladder bed, or both locations) and timing (before or after the removal of gallbladders) between the trials. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthetics group versus 0/210 (0%). One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness (1/236 in the control group versus 1/236 participants in the anaesthetic group). The remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity. Three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported that no serious complications occurred in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthesiologists' intervention. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The effect of local surgical instillation on the proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) versus 40/82 (48.8%) in control group). Length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the group than the control groups at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces pain in low anaesthet
We identified 74 studies that compared different types of RDTs with each other or with microscopy. We grouped the studies according to the antigens they detected. We found that the sensitivity and specificity of all RDT tests is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria. The antigen types may be more sensitive but are less specific than pLDH antibody-based tests, but the differences are small. The HRP-2 antigen is not useful for detecting treatment failures. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have P.  falcus falcidus falcis, Type 1 tests will miss 16 cases, and Type 2 tests will wrongly miss 26 cases. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with P.– falc– falcus malaria would be 34 with Type 1, and nine with Type 4.
We searched for studies that compared short-term changes in the length of time primary care physicians spend with patients for consultations with each patient. We found five studies that tested short-lived changes in how long doctors spent with patients. All were conducted in the UK, and all were conducted with primary care doctors. We are uncertain whether short- and long-term interventions to change the length or number of consultations physicians have an effect on primary care physician services. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering the length and number of primary care doctor consultations. We judged the certainty of the evidence to be very low, meaning that we are uncertain about the results. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future.
We searched for studies that compared high dose versus low dose stavudine in patients with HIV/AIDS. We found three small trials that evaluated the effects of high dose and low dose of stavUDine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none reported from developing countries yet stavuzine remains a component of ART combination therapy in many developing countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. The trials were at a high risk of bias due to the way the trials were designed and reported. The studies did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. The results of single studies are presented. There was no significant difference in virologic suppression in the included studies. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 study; in no participants in the McComsey 2008 trial and not reported on in the Sanchez-Conde 2005 trial. The high dose trials demonstrated a reduction in bone mineral density (BMD), reduction in limb fat and an increase in triglycerides in the triglycerides arm. The individual results from the trials have not identified a clear advantage in virological efficacy or safety between low and high dose stivudine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained virologicity suppression and so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where stavudes are not currently used.
We included 10 trials with 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in death rates in the intensive care unit (ICU) and pooled data from four trials (1450 participants) did not show a difference in 28-day mortality. Pooling data from the four trials that reported in-hospital mortality showed no difference in in in- hospital mortality. Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma. We found no differences between the groups in the risk of death from any cause. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. We downgraded the quality because most of the included trials provided co-interventions as part in an open-lung ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome. We identified significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials. Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included an "open lung ventilation" strategy, whereby the intervention group differed from the control group in aspects of ventilation other than recruitment (including higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), making interpretation of the results difficult.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of relaxation therapy in the treatment of asthma. Fifteen studies, involving 687 participants, were included in the review. The quality of the studies was poor and sample sizes were frequently small. However, some pooled effects were analysed. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report significant differences between treatment and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy. There was no significant difference in FEV1 for relaxation therapy, but quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire in two trials, (48 patients), showed a positive effect following CBT. Peak Expiratory Flow outcome data in two of the trials, involving 51 patients, indicated a significant difference following bio-feedback therapy but no significant improvement following relaxation therapy (WMD 43 L/min, CI -5 to 92 L/minute). There was a significant improvement in depression levels following relaxation therapies, but the findings between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in trial design. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to an absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the management of adults.
We searched for studies that compared antidepressants with benzodiazepines in people with panic disorder. We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall, which compared antidepressants and benzodiazapine as monotherapy. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The majority of studies were of low-quality. We did not find enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and tolerability of antidepressants and/or benzodizapine in panic disorder, and we found no evidence that either drug was better than the other. We also found no difference between antidepressants and other drugs in terms of response rate, but we found that benzodazepine was better tolerated than other drugs (such as serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)). We did find that there were fewer dropouts from the studies due to any cause with benzidiazepines compared to antidepressants. We could not find any evidence that there was any difference between individual benzodozapine or tricylic antidepressant drugs. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up to date to January 2015. We recommend that future studies should be conducted with high-quality methods and should use practical outcome measures to provide clinicians with useful and practical data. Data from the present review will be included in a network meta-analysis of psychopharmacological treatment in panic disorders, which will hopefully provide further useful information on this issue.
This review of trials found that endoscopic stents are more effective than plastic stents in the treatment of pancreatic carcinoma. However, the risk of complications is higher and the risk is higher when compared with surgery. There was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality between the groups. There were no significant differences in risk factors for technical failure or failure of the stent. There is a need for further trials to determine the best type of stent for these patients.
We included five studies that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation or Doppler auditory assistance. Four studies compared ultrasound with palpate and one study compared ultrasound guided by Dopple ultrasonic assistance with Doppledrum. We found that ultrasound guidance improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications. The evidence is current to August 2016. We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the success of ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation with other techniques. The studies were conducted in children and young people. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of events. We also found that the quality of evidence was limited by the small sample sizes of the studies, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are valid. We rated the quality as moderate for the outcomes of first attempt success and complications. We did not find any studies that reported on ischaemic damage.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies in Canadian provinces conducted in 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men exposed with a high-alcohol Content (mean difference (MD) -0.65 drinks; 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.2, -0.07; p value = 0.03, very-low-quality evidence). The results from the three ITS study were inconsistent. The results of the three studies were inconsistent, and the results of two of the ITS studies showed that the implementation of a ban on all forms of alcohol advertising resulted in a non-significant increase in beer consumption in the general population of 1.10% following the ban. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In the study evaluating the lifting of a total ban on alcohol advertising to a partial ban on spirits advertising only, which utilised an Abrupt Auto-regressive Model (a model that uses a method to measure alcohol consumption) model, the volume of all forms (including beer and wine sales) decreased by 11.11 kilolitres (95% CI -27.56, 5.34; p values = 0.19) per month after the ban was lifted. In this model, beer and Wine sales increased per month by 14.89 kilolitre and 1.15 kilolitere, respectively, and spirits sales decreased by 22.49 kilolithere. The quality of the evidence was very low due to a lack of randomisation and imprecision in the results. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported in any of the studies. None of the included trials
This review of trials found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. There was no evidence that MCT was better than LCT in preventing necrotized enterocolitism. There were no studies addressing long-term developmental outcomes. There are conflicting data as to the effects of MCT on the incidence of necrotising enterocoliti. Therefore, neither formula type could be concluded to improve short- and long-lasting growth or have less adverse effects. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers of infants and do not address important long- and short-lasting outcomes. Additional research should aim to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on long-time growth and development outcomes, and include larger study populations to better evaluate effect on NEC incidence.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one small randomised controlled trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of the reporting and lack of information on blinding. Transcervical saline was given to women at a rate of 10 mL per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL perminute until delivery, compared to no ammiotic fluid until delivery. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniolence. The evidence is current to February 2017. The study did not report on the number of babies that died or had severe complications (such as brain injury, brain damage, or admission to intensive/high care). The study also did not provide information on the rate of caesarean section. The amnial fluid was given in a room temperature saline solution. The women in the amnion infusion group had a lower temperature at delivery compared to women in a control group. The reduction in the temperature found may be a direct cooling effect of amninal saline, rather than reduction of infection. The number of women who developed endometritis (inflammation of the lining of the uterus) was not different between the groups. The duration of antibiotic treatment was not reduced in the control group, nor was the number women admitted to hospital. The included study did report on this review's other primary outcome (perinatal death or severe illness). The reduction of the baby's temperature at birth was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The majority of this review’s secondary outcomes were not reported in the included
The review authors identified three studies that met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. The studies were of limited quality and had methodological limitations. The sensitivity of the Mini-Cog in the individual studies was reported as 0.99, 0.76 and 0.83. The specificity of the mini-COG varied in the studies and was reported to be 0.93, 089 and 083. There was clinical and methodological heterogeneity between the studies which precluded a pooled meta-analysis of the results. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection. There are currently few studies assessing the diagnostic test accuracy of themini-Coch in community settings. The limited number of studies and the methodological limitations that are present in the current studies make it difficult to provide recommendations for or against the use of theMini-Coff as a cognitive screening test in community. Additional well-designed studies comparing the MiniTheCog to other brief cognitive screening tests are required in order to determine the accuracy and utility of the miniature cognitive test in the community based settings.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg/D), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/dL to 70 mg/DA), and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS; 12.5 mg/daily to 80 mg/day). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten studies were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamine has powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. We did not find any evidence that amphetaminers improved ADHD symptom severity compared to other drugs. We also found no evidence that dexamphetamine reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms compared to placebo. In addition, we found no difference between amphetamines for the severity or duration of treatment. We could not exclude the possibility that amphetamine improves the severity and duration of ADHD symptom scores. We were unable to determine whether amphetines improve the severity, duration, duration of therapy, or duration or duration and duration or dose of treatment of ADHD. We identified no differences between amphetamine formulations for the type of drug-release formulation.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition (low quality evidence). Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence), and no consistent effect of vitamin A on pain was found (low to moderate). The evidence addressing the use of vitamin for chronic pain now contains more than twice as many studies and participants than were included in the original version of this review. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of the vitamin D across different chronic painful diseases is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic painful disorders needs further investigation.
This review of studies found that professional interventions can improve the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. In addition, the addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes. Nurses can play an important role in patient-focused interventions, through patient education or facilitating adherence to treatment.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the following methods of birth control: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG- IUS 12 µg or 16 µg versus LNG, and LNG 20 versus the copper T380A intrauterne device (IUD). The trials compared two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the LNG -IUS group, which may have little clinic relevance. The trial comparing LNG 12 versus Lng-Ius 16 showed similar efficacy over one and three years. In three trials that examined different LNG/IUS, continuation was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. Different doses in the Lng, 12 and 16, did not appear to influence efficacy over three years in the trial comparing the L NG- IUs. In another study, continuation of the LGG-IUs appeared at least as high as that for the COC. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review of trials found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and medication use and improves bronchial hyper-reactivity. There was no consistent effect on lung function. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered.
This review of six trials found that lung-protective ventilation reduced mortality at day 28 and at the end of hospital stay. The effects on long-term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-lasting outcomes. The trials were of variable quality. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as the trials were not of high quality and the results of the trials varied.
We included 15 studies with 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients with acute ischaemic shock is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. We identified no high-quality studies that compared the two techniques. The results of our review should be interpreted with caution. We recommend that future studies should be designed to compare the two methods of giving the drug intravenously. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients with a mean age of 75.4 years. The trials were of variable quality and there was considerable variation between the trials. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660) and there were considerable differences between the studies. The results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment (Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) = 0.42, 95% CI 0.30, 0.53). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were reduced significantly in the three studies assessing this outcome (W MD = -10.22, 95%, CI -10, 10.78, -9.66 for systol blood pressure, WMD = -4.28, 95%) and WMD= -4, 4.58, -3.98 for diastol blood blood pressure). Three trials reported adverse effects requiring discontinuation of treatment and the combined results indicated no difference (OR = 1.01, 95%). When analysed separately, however, more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. Analysis of the included studies in this review was problematic as many of the control subjects received blood pressure lowering treatment because their blood pressures exceeded the pre-set values. In most cases the study became a comparison between the study drug against a usual antihypertensive regimen. There is no convincing evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowers in the late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive hypertensive subjects with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however due to the number
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. The evidence is up to date to September 2015. In complex lesions, there were no differences in re-stenosis rates at six months and at one year in those receiving PTCRA with adjunctive balloon angioplasty (PTCRA/PTCA) compared to those receiving angioplastasty alone. PTCra/P TCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period. Compared to angioplanasty alone, PTCra did not increase the risk for major adverse events (MI, emergency cardiac surgeries or death). P TCRA/PCTA did not reduce the risk that patients experienced a spasm, perforation or transient vessel occlusion. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCA in non-complex lesions. Morphological characteristics of complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised controlled trials.  In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTCa), PTCR may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. The quality of the evidence for the effectiveness of P TCRA in in-stent re-steenosis is unclear. We found no long-term data to support the routine use of PCTRA in the routine routine use for in-ventricular re-stents.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants. Two of these trials were multicentre trials comprising only participants positive for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled participants clinically diagnosed with bronchiolitis from a hospital in Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as a daily or twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebulisation of salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. Overall, nebulising rhDNases showed no benefit in clinically meaningful outcomes. Meta-analysis favoured the control group with a shorter duration of hospital stay and better clinical score improvement. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or intensive care unit admission. In one trial, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis. Two patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after the use of nebulaised rh DNase. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste, reported in a total (11 patients from both treatment groups). The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use in children under 24 months of age hospitalised with acute bronchiolytic bronchia. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes. It might have a role in severe bronchialitis, but further clinical studies would need to be performed.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. The two studies compared the percutaneous approach to femoral artery access with cut-down femoral arteries access. The study was funded by the manufacturer of the device used for the study. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found no significant difference in mortality between groups, with only one death occurring overall, in the totally percutaneously-percutaneous group. Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study we observed only one failure of aneurysis exclusion in the surgical cut-up femoral arterial access group. No wound infections occurred in the cut- down femoral access group or the perctaneous group across either study. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two groups. There were no differences in bleeding complications and haematoma between the groups. Only the percervical approach was faster than the cut down femortal artery access technique. Only two studies reported complications at six months, with no differences between the percentage of complications at the end of the study period and the length of hospital stay. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. As the number of included studies were limited, further research into this technique would be beneficial. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was more likely to cause allergic reactions than the daphragmatic. Discontinuation rates were higher with the sponge than with the diapragm at 12 months as well. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, a meta-analysis was not possible. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine (an antiepileptic drug) and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL (an anti-cancer drug). In the first study the primary cognitive outcome of memory at six months did not reach significance, but there was significant improvement in overall cognitive function compared to placebo, with similar adverse events across groups. The second study found no statistically significant difference between arms, with few adverse events. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program for the prevent of cognitive deficit but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. Three other studies investigated the use of a pharmacologic intervention for cognitive deficits, methylphenidate compared with modafinil, two different doses of modafil, and donepezil compared with placebo. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenidine and modafalinil arms; few adverse effects were reported. The other two studies combined treatment arms and found improvements across all cognitive tests, however, a number of adverse events were reported in the second study. Both studies were limited by a small sample size. The final study did not find an improvement in the primary outcome of overall performance, but did find improvement in an individual test of memory, compared to a placebo; adverse events occurred in both treatment arms. No non-pharmacological studies for the treatment of cognitive problems were eligible. There were a number and limitations across studies but few without high risks of bias. There is supportive evidence that there is support for the use in adults with primary or metastatic brain tumours who have been treated with brain irradiation. There are no strong evidence to support any non medical or cognitive
We found two studies that compared laser treatment with placebo (fake) laser treatment for patients with inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of injury to the nerve. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies were at high risk of bias. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alvesolar sensory deficits as a consequence of injury. The evidence is current to September 2014. The two studies included in this review were of very low quality. There was some evidence that patients who received laser treatment had some improvement in the subjective assessment of their neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas compared to those who received placebo, but the results were imprecise. There were no differences in the severity of the neurosENSory deficit between the two groups. No studies reported on the effects of the intervention on pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. No study reported on quality of life or adverse events. The overall quality of the evidence was very low as a due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the results and the imprecision of the data. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of inferior alVEolar and lingual nerve injuries. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including patient-specificised measures of sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and the effects on delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that compared the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen with placebo (a pretend treatment). The trials were conducted in the USA and the UK. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no difference between using combined oestedrogen and the placebo for all our proposed primary outcomes, namely, miscarriage, perinatal death and preterm birth. The second study was based in the UK and involved pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF). This study showed no differences in the rate of miscarriage between the combined oedrogen and progestogen group and the no treatment group. The study did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal deaths or rates of preterm births), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. In terms of this review’s secondary outcomes, use of the combined hormone was associated with an increased risk of maternal cancer in the reproductive system. However, for the outcome of cancer other than that of the reproductive systems in mothers, there was no difference. Similarly, there were no differences between the groups for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the unborn baby, cancer in reproductive system in the mother, or cancer other other than of the genital tract (in the reproductive body) in the baby. The review concluded that there is not enough evidence from randomised trials to assess the use combined oesestrogen or progestone for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. For SSRI this was 1.28, 95%, CI 1.15 to 1.43. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (median NNT 9) and for SSRIS from 7.8 to 8.8 (medians NNT 7.7 to 8). The numbers of participants who withdrew from the studies due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 for TCA and from 20 to 90 for SSRI.
This review of trials found that ibuprofen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of the people in the studies, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. Ibuproven 400 mg is better than placebo (a pretend medicine) for relieving migraine headache pain, and soluble formulations of ibuprocin 400 mg are better than standard tablets for relieting headache pain for 1-hour, but not 2-hour headache relief. Ibupsrofen 400 mg did not differ from rofecoxib 25 mg for 2- hour headache relief or 24-hour pain relief. Similar numbers of people experienced side effects, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibuproxen and placebo.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye) in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison. All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no between-treatment differences. Our review also found that OTC synthetic tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias. OTCificial tears may provide a safe and effective means for treating dry eyes; however, the literature indicates that the majority of OTC tears may have similar efficacies. This conclusion could be greatly skewed by the inconsistencies in study designs and inconsistencies in reporting trial results. Additional research is therefore needed before we can draw robust conclusions about the effectiveness of individual OTC tear formulations.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared the effects of maintaining lamivudine in second-line treatment with or without boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) in patients who failed first-line therapy. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamivudiudine and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamivuda or emtricitabine second-lung regimen compared to those on an emtrica/emdubicin regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted proteases (PI) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-lunomatride treatment failure on non-thymidine analog combinations. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimens is encouraging. There is limited evidence to evaluate second-lines of second-drug regimens in patients with HIV who fail first-time treatment with a WHO-recommended regimen. One trial in a low quality population and two observational studies (both of low quality) suggest no difference is seen in virologogical suppression whether or not lamivuine is maintained in a second-low regimen. While outcomes of second line regimens with boosted PIs are favourable in general, there are no studies comparing boosted PI directly in populations starting second-life treatment with boosted PI regimens, current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations. Current recommendations are to evaluate the effects and safety of secondline therapies in patients starting ART.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We evaluated a total of seven different tests, including the reference standard and index tests, as well as 69 non-prespecified tests, and 32 combinations of these tests. We found that all investigated tests had relatively low sensitivity with high variability. For difficult face mask ventilation, we found that the upper lip bite test provided the highest sensitivity. For the other tests, we could only estimate summary sensitivity (0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.39) and specificity (0% to 0%) for the modified Mallampati test. For other tests we examined, we judged the risk of bias to be variable. We mostly observed low risk of biased study design for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of biases for reference standard (standard) and index test. We judged the quality of the evidence to be generally low for all domains. For all of the tests, the quality was generally high. For tests that were tested in the same way, we were able to combine the results of the studies to obtain a combined result. For most of the other diagnostic tests, there were problems with the way the studies were conducted. We were able only to combine results for the tests that had high sensitivity. We could not combine results from studies that had low sensitivity. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution, as they do not appear to be good screening tests. Bedside airway examination tests, for assessing the physical status of the airway in adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities, are designed as screening tests for screening. Given the paucity of available data, future research is needed to develop tests with high sensitivities to make them useful, and to consider their use for screening difficult face masks and failed intubation.
This review of trials found that probiotics can reduce the duration of diarrhoea and the frequency of stool stool in children and infants. Probiotics also appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency in acute infectious diarrhoeas. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of nid therapy compared with standard standard care. The study was funded by the manufacturer of the drug. The results of the single study showed that people receiving nid therapies improved their social functioning and engagement with non-inpatient services in both the short term and medium term. However, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results concerning engagement with services favoured the intervention group in both short term (up until six months), and mediumterm (between six and 12 months) outcomes. Results of people leaving the study early favoured the treatment group in the short and medium terms, with slight favour of the control group at medium term (between 6 and 12). Results for adverse effects/events of death were measured by 12 months after the end-of-study. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included study did not provide enough evidence to determine whether or not nid treatment is beneficial or harmful.
We searched for studies that compared pregabalin with placebo (a pretend medicine) or another active medicine (placebo) in adults with fibromyalgia. We found eight studies that met our inclusion criteria. Five studies (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregapalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. The results showed that pregabsalin 300 to 600 mg produces a major reduction in pain intensity over 12 to 26 weeks with tolerable side effects for a small proportion of people (about 10% more than placebo) with moderate or severe pain due to fibromyromyalgia, and moderate or very much pain due at least one of the following: moderate, very much, or very severe pain. Moderate benefit with pregabbyalin 300 or 600mg was experienced by about 28% of participants with placebo, but about 11% more with pregalazine 300 to 300 mg (high quality evidence). Moderate benefit was experienced in about 11%, and moderate benefit in about 28%, with pregarabalin 300 and 600 mg (moderate quality evidence) (high numbers of participants). A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very improved'. Serious side effects did not differ between active treatment groups and placebo (very low quality evidence), but withdrawals due to side effects were about 6% lower with preglucocorticoids (high number of participants) (moderate or very low quality of evidence). The degree of pain relief is known to be accompanied by improvements in other symptoms, quality of life, and function. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced side effects. Specific side effects included dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema (high-
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo (a substance that contains no active ingredient). The trial did not report any of this review's primary outcomes. The trial was at a low risk of bias. The results of the trial did show that there was no significant difference between magnesium sulphates and placebo in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth. There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the magnesium sulphat group than in the placebo group. However, no significant differences in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment was observed. There was no difference in adverse events between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section. The review concluded that there is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphape when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus. As there has been recent evidence for the use of magnesium sulfate for neuro protection of the preterm fetus, high-quality randomised trials are needed to determine the safety profile and neurological outcomes for the term newborn. Strategies to reduce maternal side side effects during treatment also require evaluation. An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment. The included trial did report no of this systematic review's outcomes and was at low risk to bias.
This review aimed to determine the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review. Two used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. The results of the review indicate that smoking cessation programmes specifically targeted to Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However, the evidence base is not strong with a small number of methodologically sound trials investigating these interventions. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of smoking-cessation interventions, despite the known success of these interventions in non-Indigenous populations.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We included studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for meta-analysis. We considered studies of general intensive and high- risk surgery patients separately as well. We found that PAC did not affect the number of deaths in the ICU or hospital, or the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). We also found that there was no difference in the number or cost of hospital stays between the two groups. We did not find any evidence that PAC changed the number and length of hospital stay. We also did not identify any differences in the cost of care between the groups. The quality of the evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. We rated the quality of evidence as high for the outcomes of mortality and time to death, but low or unclear for costs. We judged the quality and quantity of the included studies to be high for both mortality and hospital stay, but the quality was low for costs and costs were higher in the high-cost groups.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution reduces the pain experienced by the babies during the procedure. The babies' crys were similar during the procedures but the differences were reduced by the provision of sweet tasting solutions prior to either procedure.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a broken down perineal wound at the point of entry. The studies were of poor quality and did not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of secondary suturing for the management of broken down wounds following childbirth. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, (the primary outcome measure for this review), although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant. Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia (a secondary outcome measure of this review) at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between both groups; two months, (one study, 26 women) and six- months, respectively. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months (one trial, 35 women). Significantly more women in the secondary suture group had resumed intercourse by the two-and six-month follow-up period, although by six months there was no significant difference. Neither of the trials included data in favour of the following prespecified secondary outcome measures: pain at any time interval, the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineum wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or oppose secondary sUTuring for management of perineals following childbirth, and there is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included studies separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, preventing any pooling of results. Only three studies indicated that compared with antiviral drug, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing influenza and alleviating influenza symptoms. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which adverse reactions were mentioned in the amantdine group although no data were reported). There were no significant differences between 'E Shu You', ribavirin and E Shu Yu in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. Ten studies reported mild adverse reactions (such as nausea, vomiting, and diarrhoea). Most Chinese medical herbs in the included studies showed similar effects to antiviral agents in preventing or treating influenza. Few were shown to be superior to antivirals. No obvious adverse events were reported in the studies. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. More high-quality RCTs with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
We searched for studies that compared the use of thrombolytic agents to a placebo (a pretend treatment) or to other treatments for catheter dysfunction. We found 8 studies that met our inclusion criteria. These studies included a total of 558 participants. The studies compared the same treatments. The evidence is current to May 2015. Thromboyltic agents were compared to placebo (one study), low versus high dose thrombosporin, alteplase versus urokinase, short versus long thrombotic dwell (one), fibrin sheath stripping versus fibrus sheath exchange (one) and over-the-wire catheter exchange versus exchange with and without angioplasty sheath disruption (1). No two studies compared different interventions. The review found that thromolytic therapy may restore catheter function when compared to a pretend treatment but there is no evidence to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits, high risk of bias and imprecision in the estimates of adverse events. Based on the available evidence, fibrine sheath removal using a fibrinolytic agent appears to be equally efficacious as the use a pharmaceutical thrombin sheath replacement for the immediate management of dysfunctional catheters. Catheter patency is poor following use of a thrombrolytic drug with studies reporting median catheter survival rates of 14 to 42 days and was reported to improve significantly by fibrina sheath removing or replacing the fibrinus sheath with a new fibrini sheath. Catheters were reported to be better after catheter replacement with a fibrolytic medication (37 participants) and after catheter exchange with or without sheath closure (30 participants). There is insufficient evidence to support any specific intervention for ensuring either dialysis adequacy
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised) that compared the addition of a drug to the regimen with the regimen alone. The addition of one or more drugs to the combination of the regimen showed a statistically significant advantage for tumour response in women with metastatic breast cancer but the results suggest no difference in survival time or time to progression. The positive effect on tumour growth was also associated with increased toxicity. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia were more common with the addition to the standard treatment.
This review of trials found that a non-invasive neonatal intensive care unit (NLU) is better than ICU care for the chronically ill. There is some evidence that patients discharged from a non invasive neonatal unit are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of inpatient stay. No significant adverse effects were noted but the possibility of increased early mortality cannot be discounted. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, two studies compared ultrasound with another non-surgical intervention, and six studies compared a multi-component intervention with another type of non-non-surgic intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence to support the greater benefit of one type of therapeutic ultrasound regimen over another or to support using therapeutic ultrasound as a treatment with greater efficacy compared to other non- surgical interventions for CTS, such as splinting, exercises, and oral drugs. There is only poor quality evidence from very limited data to suggest that therapeutic ultrasound may be more effective than placebo for either short- or long-term symptom improvement in people with CTS. There was insufficient evidence that one therapeutic ultrasound program is more efficacious than another. No studies reported any adverse effects of therapeutic ultrasonography, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. More adverse effects data are required before any firm conclusions on the safety of therapeutic Ultrasound for C TS can be made.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a statin), simvastatine (a drug that blocks the action of cholesterol), clofibrate (a hormone), conjugated oestrogen (a steroid), and conjugate (an anti-inflammatory drug). The evidence is current to August 2013. We found that statin therapy alone had a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular events in patients with a previous history of stroke or TIA. There was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death. Three statin trials showed a reduction in subsequent serious vascular events. There is evidence that statins significantly reduce subsequent major coronary events but only marginally reduces the risk of stroke recurrence. There were no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in patients who had previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later. In view of this and the evidence of the benefit of statin therapies in patients without a history of heart disease, patients with ischaemic stroke or stroke or a history in patients already diagnosed with heart disease should receive statins.
This review of trials found that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include mass media campaigns can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. Among seven campaigns reporting smoking prevalence, significant decreases were observed in the California and Massachusetts statewide tobacco control campaigns compared with the rest of the USA. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found statistically significant decreases. Among the eight studies presenting abstinence or quit rates, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. Among three that did not show significant decreases, one demonstrated a significant intervention effect on smokers and ex-smokers combined. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed some significant effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence (Sydney). The intensity and duration of mass media campaign may influence effectiveness, but length of the campaigns may influence the results, but this is difficult to quantify. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender. There is evidence that comprehensive Tobacco Control Programme can be an effective way to change smoking behaviour.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances when compared with no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared to psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, sleep disturbances or anxiety in the short term. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercise. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate for yoga versus no therapy and very low for yoga compared with psychosomatic interventions. The results of the review suggest that yoga might be an effective supportive intervention for improving health- related quality oflife and reducing fatigue and night-time sleep disturbances, as a supportive intervention when compared against no therapy. However, the quality of evidence was very low or low for other outcomes. The included studies did not adequately report safety-related data. The overall quality of this evidence was low or very low. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of studies.
We searched for evidence on the effectiveness of different imaging strategies in glioma. We found one study that compared early post-operative brain imaging (within 48 hours of surgery) with no early postoperative imaging. This study included 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics in the two groups were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early brain imaging with respect to survival at one year after diagnosis of gliomas and at two years after diagnosis. No other review outcomes were reported. We did not find any evidence on whether other imaging strategies are effective. In addition, we found no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategy. The effect of different timing of imaging strategies on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in glaive seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based. The limited evidence suggesting that early postoperatively-relevant brain imaging among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment may make little or little difference to survival needs to be further researched, particularly as early post operative imaging also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. Mathematical modelling of a large patient database could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of glaoma, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other factors. In particular to children with gliomatosis, the design of future research could be used to inform future research of imaging strategy among adults with glaome.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine in terms of improvement in global state, but there was a small number of people with parkinsonism who were treated with metiAPine. There were no data on the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiabine fails to provide high-quality trial based data. However, the need to determine whether metiapaine is more or less effective than chlorpromamide seems to be lacking in clinical relevance and future research on this comparison seems unlikely.
This review of trials found that nitro-imidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious side effects. There was no significant difference between mesalamate and azathoprine/six-mpi for any other outcome. There were insufficient trials of inflixIMab, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 to draw conclusions.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. Comparison 1: cognitive and coping skills programs versus twelve- step programmes (one trial, 41 participants) There was no significant difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol abstinence assessed with Substance Abuse Calendar and breathalyser at one year: risk ratio (RR) 2.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.10 to 55.06); and retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment: RR 0.89 (95%, CI 0.62 to 1.29), or for any of the secondary outcomes reported. The quality of evidence for the primary outcome was very low. Comparison 2: brief intervention versus treatment as usual (three trials, 197 participants) The quality was low for both the primary and secondary outcomes (participants' alcohol use, alcohol use at three months, and retention rate at three-month, measured by the Addiction Severity Index-alcohol score (ASI) at two months). There was also no significant differences between groups in the other primary outcome, retention in the treatment program, or for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. The evidence for retention in drug use at end-of-treatment was low. The data were not available for retention of alcohol use or retention in other outcomes. Comparison 3: motivational interviewing versus treatment only or educational intervention only (three trial, 462 participants) No significant difference was found between groups (alcohol use, scores on the Addiction Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) or the Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) at three month, or
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) on the effects of quinine for muscle cramp in adults. We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The trials compared quinines to placebo (a pretend treatment), vitamin E, a quinaine-vitamin E combination, a combination of quinsine and vitamin E (three trials), a quinsinine-theophylline combination (one trial), and xylocaine injections into the stomach muscle (one study). The most commonly used quinne dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The evidence is current to September 2014. We did not find any new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described randomisation and allocation concealment adequately. Compared to placebo, quinidine reduced cramps by 28% over two weeks by 28%, cramps days by 20%, and cramps intensity by 10% by 20%. Cramps were not significantly affected by the duration of treatment. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor adverse events on quinide than placebo (mostly gastrointestinal symptoms). Overdoses of quinesine have been reported elsewhere to cause potentially fatal adverse effects, but in the included trials there was no significant difference in major adverse events compared with placebo (death, serious adverse events, or thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in the blood vessels). A quininine combination, vitamin E alone, and xylicocaine injection into the muscle were not different to quinate across all outcomes, including adverse effects. Based on a single trial comparison, quinsines alone were less effective than a quinesinine and theophy
We found seven trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals amongst whom 118 cross-over participants additionally served as their own controls. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps (N = 202) and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramps sufferers (N= 322) including those with idiopathy (a condition in which the muscle is damaged by disease of the nervous system). Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. For idiopatha cramps, which are mostly older adults presumed to have nocturnal leg cramp, differences in frequency, magnesium versus placebo, were small, not statistically significant, and without heterogeneity (I2 = 0%). This includes the percentage change from baseline in the number of cramps per week at four weeks and the difference in the average number of a cramp per week per week (0.01 cramps/week). The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group (95% CI -28% to 12%, moderate quality evidence). Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found at four week in measures of cramp intensity or cramp duration (low quality evidence) for idiopathetic cramps. Meta-analysis was not possible for trials of pregnancy-related leg cramping. The single study comparing magnesium to no intervention failed to find statistically significant benefit on a scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials comparing magnesium versus no treatment differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the number or severity of minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle (
We searched for studies that compared combined strength and aerobic exercise training versus usual care in people with SMA type 3. We found one study that included 14 people with spinal cord injury. The study was conducted in the USA, and the participants were between 10 and 48 years old. The participants were followed up for six months. The results of the study showed that people who received strength training performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of the participants did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise program. The training program did not improve walking distance or improve the ability to exercise. People who received the training program had slightly better muscle strength, but the results were inconclusive. People in the training group had slightly more oxygen in their blood (VO2max) than people in the usual care group. The trial did not assess the effects of physical activity levels. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. It is uncertain whether combined strength or aerobic exercise treatment is beneficial or harmful in people who have spinal cord injuries. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
We found two small trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy or immobilization. One trial (81 patients with cervical radiculopathy) found that surgery was superior to physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilization in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. One study (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelopathy)  found no significant differences in pain relief between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculaopathy or myelopathies. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
This review of nine studies found that telephone consultation by different types of health care workers, including nurses and doctors, may reduce the number of visits to GP's and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the need for surgery contacts and out of-hours general practitioner visits. However, questions remain about its effects on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed with emphasis on service quality, safety, cost and patient satisfaction.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Germany, France, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, New South Wales, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newyork, New Glasgow, New North Wales, South Wales and the UK. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for all outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared interventions to improve inhaler technique with no intervention. We included studies that looked at the effect of interventions on asthma control, quality of life, side effects, asthma medication use, asthma medications and asthma medication side effects. We found 29 studies that included a total of 2210 people. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were conducted in the USA, and most were conducted with adults. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to the small number of studies and participants and the variety of interventions used. We were unable to combine the results of studies because of differences between studies, populations and outcome measures. We also found that the studies were at low or unclear risk of bias, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are reliable. We judged the quality of the studies to be low or moderate for most outcomes. We did find that enhanced inhaler education and multi- media training improved technique in most studies immediately after the intervention and at follow-ups, although the variety and use of checklists used meant that this was difficult to assess reliably. For both adults and children, how and when inhaler techniques were assessed appeared to affect whether inhaler use improved and by how much. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique were generally more useful than checklist scores. Adult studies of enhanced education showed benefit when this metric was used at 2 to26 weeks' follow- up. Confidence intervals included no difference or did not reach a threshold that could be considered clinically important. Responder analyses sometimes showed improvement among more people in the intervention groups, even though the mean difference between groups was small. A similar result was seen in
This review of three small trials, involving 226 participants, found that there is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannitol in acute stroke patients. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials, and the proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition did not differ significantly between mannitor-treated patients and controls. The trial of ischaemic stroke did not report on death and dependency. The trials did not provide information on adverse events. Further trials are needed to confirm or refute whether mannolar is beneficial in acute-onset stroke.
This review of six trials found that D-penicillamine appears to be effective in improving the disease activity of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Its efficacy appears to have a similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, the fourth study compared the decoctions of Huangqi compound with two other Chinese herbal interventions. None of the studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decolets of Huangchi compounds were given in addition to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count) (low blood cell counts). Huangqi decoletions were also associated with increases in the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3, CD4 and CD8. Huangqi drugs had no significant effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. Despite the included studies being of low-quality, the results suggest that decoications of Huangwei compounds may stimulate immunocompetent cells and decrease side effects in patients treated with chemotherapy, but there is no robust demonstration of benefit. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs. We need high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects of decoakings of Chinese herbal herbs, particularly Astragalus spp., as in Huangqi, upon chemotherapy-related side effects.
We searched for studies that compared vitamin A and/or DHA with vitamin A alone or with vitamin B or with DHA alone in people with RP. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated vitamin A or DHA for people with rituximab. The trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A only, one trial evaluated vitamin B and DHA together, and a third trial evaluated DHA and vitamin A versus vitamin A. The three trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The evidence is current to January 2018. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The mean age of participants ranged from four to 54 years. The average duration of the trials was between four and 55 years. None of the RCTs had protocols for reporting the results of the studies, so the quality of the reporting of the results was unclear. The primary outcome, mean change of visual field from baseline at one year, was not reported in any of the included trials. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any other trials. Based on the results from three RCTS, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin C and/ or D HA for people who have RP, in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG amplitude at one-year follow-up. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. In future RCT, since some of the published studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue. Future trials should take into account the changes
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician (one). The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months (one), to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. Included trials investigated job loss (n = two RCTs; 382 participants), work absenteeism and work functioning (n > 32 participants). Overall, we assessed the two smaller trials as having a high risk of bias and the large trial as having low risk of biased results. Trials showed marked differences in how they performed on risk of biases items, particularly on performance bias. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the two RCCs investigating job loss, the larger one (n / 242 participants), the larger trial reported a large statistically significant reduction in job loss with a relative risk (RR), and the other (n/ 140) reported similar effects in both groups, although the CI was very wide (RR = 1.05, 95% CI 0 to 2). The latter one probably suffered from performance bias and we judged it to have a high rate of bias. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up (MD
We searched for studies that compared the effects of giving arginine to preterm babies who were born before term to prevent NEC (before the time of diagnosis) to a placebo (a substance that contains no active ingredient) or no treatment. We found three studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginaine) from three countries. The evidence is current to May 2015. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC (any stage) among preterm neonates in the arginne group compared with the placebo group and rated the quality of evidence as moderate. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of development of the NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%) and NEC stage 2 (RR 1.13, 95%) in the ARG group compared to the control group. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the arkinine and control or no intervention groups (RR 2.77, 95%, CI 0.41 to 1.45; I 2 = 42%). Mortality was not different between arginines and control groups (RD 0.77 and 0.41%). Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. Investigators noted no significant side effects directly attributable to arginate, including hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi
We found four trials involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg (RR 1.10; 95% CI 1.02 to 1). No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses of inCS. Current evidence is limited for acute sin sinusococcal disease confirmed by radiology or nasal endoscopy but supports the use of INCs as a monotherapy or as an adjuvant therapy to antibiotics. Clinicians should weigh the modest but clinically important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy. No new trials were found for inclusion in this update.
This review of trials found that giving low doses of the antibiotic vancomycin to very low birth weight infants to prevent sepsis reduces the incidence of sepssis in the newborn. However, there was insufficient evidence to determine whether this effect was maintained over time. There was also insufficient evidence regarding the risk of the development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials.
We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. We found only 14 reports of 13 randomised controlled trials. Fourteen reports of 14 trials on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing healing by second intention were identified. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that a plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression. There were no statistically significant differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate). There was some evidence that gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings. Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied compared with those receiving alternative dressings (3 trials). Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam (2 trials). Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied compared with compression. We concluded that foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared different methods of birth control. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. The evidence is current to February 2014. The trials included 1482 women. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. For breastfeeding duration two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG-iUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group but no significant difference at one year. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. One trial did not measure this. For infant growth, three trials that assessed infant growth indicated no significant differences. One showed greater weight gain in the eonogestre implant group versus no method but less versus DMPA. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater growth gain (grams) for the esonogestran implant group compared to no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. The others studied POPs, COCs versus POPs or an LNG. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COC or POPs. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data. Five trials indicated no difference between groups in breastfeeding time (etonogestr implant insertion times, Coc versus POP, and LNG). For breast Milk volume or composition, a COC study
We found 10 studies that compared red-light cameras with no cameras. The studies were conducted in Australia, Singapore and the USA. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. The results showed that red-camera use is effective in reducing total casualty crashes. However, the evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific casualty collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Most evaluations did not adjust for RTM or spillover, affecting their accuracy. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
This review identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram for the proportion who had reached a therapeutic InR of 10.0 by day five. Another study showed a significant benefit with a 5-mg nomogram in outpatients with VTE. A third study, consisting of both inpatients and outpatient patients, showed no difference. No difference was observed in the number of patients who experienced major bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in the length of hospital stay. No evidence was found of a difference between the warfarins in the prevention of recurrent venous thromboembolism at 90 days when the warmarin nomograms of 10 mg and 5 mg were compared. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of therapeutic INRs and major bleeding and minor bleeding. The quality of evidence for the outcome of recurrent blood clots was low. The evidence for other outcomes was of very low quality. The included studies were of limited quality.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with conventional treatment. Two other trials compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the trials were designed specifically for people with dementia, so the data included in the review were from subgroups of people with either dementia or cognitive impairment participating in randomised controlled trials investigating models of care for all older people following hip fracture. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one domain. As they were all conducted in larger trials, the analyses lacked power to detect differences between the intervention groups. Furthermore, there were some important differences in baseline characteristics of participants between the experimental and control groups. We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for all outcomes to low or very low. The certainty of evidence was very low for most outcomes. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise, and the overall certainty for most results was very limited. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of quality of life. There was only very low certainty for our other primary outcome, activities of daily living and functional performance, therefore we were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence. There is low certainty that enhanced care and rehabilitation in the following models of rehabilitation and care may reduce rates of postoperative delirium and other complications. There may also be benefits over usual care for preventing delirulation and reducing length of stay for people who have been treated for hip fracture, however, the certainty for all other results is very low, and we cannot be certain of these results. Data were available from only a small number of trials, and all the certainty was
We searched for studies that compared home-based nursing services with home-care services delivered by a nurse or midwife in children with acute and chronic illnesses. We found seven studies with 840 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the Netherlands. The children were aged from one month to 18 years. The majority of studies were funded by government agencies. The results of the studies did not show that home-home nursing services reduce hospital admissions or reduce the length of hospital stay for children with chronic illness. However, the studies reported that home care was more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for the families. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home care. Further studies are needed to assess the effects of home-health services on health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 40 studies that compared ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. The evidence is current to February 2016. The studies included 7524 people with severe mental illness. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The results showed that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and may improve social functioning. It also may reduce adverse events and the number leaving the study early. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for the outcomes adverse events, social functioning, and death by suicide. The overall quality of evidence was very low to moderate for the outcome service use. The main limitations of the included studies were poor reporting of study methods and a lack of information about the types of people who were included in the studies. The review found that ICm is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with mental illness, including reducing the number and severity of hospitalisations, and improving social functioning and adverse events. However, the quality of this evidence is very low. The most important finding is that ICMs are more likely to be successful than non- ICMs in reducing the time spent in the hospital and improving the quality and quantity of care.
This review of trials found that box model training improves technical skills compared with no training in trainees with no previous laparoscopic experience. The time taken for a laparoscopically performed task to complete was shorter in the box model group than in the control group. The training also improved the accuracy of the movements of the trainee. The quality of the trials was not high. The trials did not report on the outcomes of death or morbidity. The results of this review are threatened by the risks of systematic errors (bias) and random errors (play of chance). The results from this review should be interpreted with caution as the quality of trials was low. Further well-designed trials of low risk of bias and random error are necessary. Such trials should assess the impacts of box model-training on surgical skills in both the short and long term, as well as clinical outcomes when the trainees become competent to operate on patients.
This review found two randomised clinical trials that compared the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids versus saline in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline and found no significant benefit. The other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients and found that patients had higher serum bilirubin concentrations after treatment with prednison compared with budesonid. No other statistically significant effects on clinical or biochemical outcomes were reported on any of the evaluated interventions. There is no evidence to support or refute peroral corticosteroid use for patients with cholangeal primary disease. The application of corticostoids via nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. This review suggests that early support may be linked to a trend toward better outcomes. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on death and disability, and should report on the effect of early feeding on survival and on disability.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) demonstrated that people who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls (moderate quality evidence), 15 studies (3587 participants) showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control participants (moderate evidence), and in 15 studies with 9791 participants (9791 people) participants drank one unit per occasion less than no control participants. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at end-of-follow up (low-quality data). The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital interventions to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. The BCCs of goal setting, problem-solving, information about antecedents, behaviour substitution and credible sources were associated in a multivariable model that included BCT with B > 23 in the unadjusted model (multivariable is a way to report whether individual BCT is linked to the effect of the intervention). In a multivivariable, multivariability model that includes BCT models with BCT > 23, the BCT of behaviour change, problem solve and credible information were associated. There were no differences in alcohol intake between the groups. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. A median of nine BCT was used in experimental arms (range = 1 to 22). A median BCT (range 1 to 20) was used for the outcomes of
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants. The studies compared benzodiazepines with placebo (a pretend treatment) or other active treatments. The participants were randomised to receive either benzodiazines or placebo. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that benzodazole compared to placebo was better in terms of the number of participants who responded to treatment, the number who achieved remission, and the number that experienced side effects. The dropout rate was lower among participants treated with benzodizole compared with placebo. However, the dropout rates were higher among participants receiving benzoduzole compared in the placebo group. The quality of the evidence was low for both efficacy and acceptability. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of studies and participants, and their short duration. The included studies did not examine the long-term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzodazine versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. Furthermore, the clinician's choice is not between benzodozole and placebo, but between benzoidiazepines and other active drugs, both in terms and side effects, both efficacy (side effects) and side effect (harmful effects). The choice of treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-time perspective.
We found 13 studies that recruited a total of 1520 participants. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney deficiency syndrome. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, China, Japan, Italy, and the UK. The duration and style of tai chi differed between studies. The evidence is current to September 2014. The included studies were small and of unclear quality. There was also considerable variation between studies in the types of tae, techniques and participants. The results of the studies were not consistent. There were no studies that looked at the effect of taecan on cardiovascular risk factors (e.g. blood pressure, heart attack, stroke, and death). There was some suggestion of beneficial effects of tay chi on CVD risk factors but this was not consistent across all studies. Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai Chi improved quality of life at three months. None of the included studies reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There are currently no long-term trials examining tai-chi for the prevention of CVD. The limited evidence available currently does not support the use of tatae chi for the primary prevention of cardiovascular risk factor CVD, and further studies are needed.
We found 27 studies that tested family-based interventions to prevent children and adolescents from starting to smoke. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Twenty-three studies were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based programmes provided to all participants. These two groups of studies were considered separately. The quality of the evidence was moderate for most outcomes. There was moderate quality evidence that family-related interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a control group receiving no intervention. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to control groups receiving no treatment. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. The evidence is therefore strongest for high intensity family interventions used independently of school interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Based on this moderate quality of evidence a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because we could not include data from all studies. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. The overall quality of studies was moderate.
We found three studies that compared corticosteroids to placebo (a pretend drug) or to a number of different combinations of drugs, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexamethasone. The studies were conducted in the USA, and included a total of 451 participants. The trials lasted from seven to 14 days. Two studies compared dexametramide to placebo, and the third study compared a number more drugs in various combinations. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found very low-quality evidence that corticostoids given to adult cancer patients with nausea and vomiting did not improve their symptoms. Corticosteroid therapy with dexamets resulted in less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10, with a lower score indicating less nausea) compared to placebo at eight days, although this result was not statistically significant. The frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups, and these treatments were well tolerated. The quality of this evidence was downgraded from high to very low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies. There are few studies assessing the effects of corticestoids on nausea and nausea not related to chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or surgery in adult cancer. This review found very little evidence which neither supported nor refuted corticsteroid use in this setting. Further high quality studies are needed to determine if corticrostoids are efficacious in this condition.
We included 10 studies in this review. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345 participants), four cystic fibrosis ( 429 participants) and one each sickle cell disease (219 participants), cancer (160 participants) or low birth weight (40 participants) infants with underlying respiratory disorders. The studies lasted from seven days to three years. The evidence is current to September 2015. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection, cystic disease and cancer was moderate. There was no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events with antibiotics (two studies) or in the number of children with pulmonary tuberculosis (one study). There was also no significant difference in the incidence of pneumonia (one small study). In low birthweight children with underlying lung disease there was no difference in lung infections (one large study). The quality and quantity of the studies was not high. There were no significant differences in the rates of hospital admission per child-year of follow-up (one trial) or the number or severity of adverse effects (one larger study). We found no evidence of increased antibiotic resistance (two small studies). There were few data on the number and severity of side effects (two large studies). The effect of antibiotic prophylaxis on growth in children with cystic diseases was inconsistent across the studies. There is no evidence that antibiotic proclamations are associated with increased risk of pathogenic strains of bacteria. There are no data on quality of life.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 519 participants. The trials compared different gases (i.e. nitrous oxide, helium, argon, nitrogen, and room air) with each other or with standard pressure pneumoperitoneum. The evidence is current to August 2018. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous or carbon dioxide pneumoperitonum (100 participants) or carbon or helium pneumoperititoneum (96 participants). None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants), or surgical complications (very low quality of evidence), or on surgical morbidity (verylow quality of the evidence). There were no serious adverse events related to either nitrous nor carbon dioxide. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) with nitrous (or both) and carbon (or neither) pneumoperiterum at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low. Four trials randomising participants to helium or carbon (69 participants) and 75 participants, and one trial involving 33 participants did not state the number of participants in each group. None of these trials was of low risk. There were insufficient evidence for any of the outcomes. There is no evidence to show that nitrous, helium or room air pneumoperittalum reduces hospital costs or reduces pain during the first day after surgery. One trial randomised people to room air or carbon air (70 participants) (70% were women) or to carbon air or to room (76 participants). The trial was at unclear risk of biased. There are no cardiopulatemonary complications or serious adverse event observed related to room or carbon gas pneumoperiteum (
This review identified 14 studies investigating the effects of different doses of corticosteroids given to preterm infants. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies compared a high versus a moderate dose of cortics; and five studies compared the dose of dexamethasone given to infants with a moderate versus a low dose. Analysis of the studies investigating a moderate dexametasone dose versus a high-dosage regimen showed an increased risk of BPD (typical risk ratio (RR) 1.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1 to 2.22; typical risk difference (RD) 0.26, 95/CI 0.03 to 0.49; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 4, 95- CI 1.9 to 23.3; I² = 0%, 2 studies, 55 infants) as well as an increased neurodevelopmental outcome (typically RR 8.33, 95%, CI 1% CI 1 to 42.48; NNTH 4, 0.30, 95+ CI 0.14 to 0). The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ corticostoids and lack of long-term neurodevelopment data in most studies. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher-dosages on the incidence of B PD and neurodevelopment, recommendations on the optimal type of cortcosteroid, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation for the prevention of BDP in preterm babies cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large randomised controlled trial is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal cortic steroid dosage regimen
This review of trials found that there was no evidence that any of the steroid drugs reduced the risk of heart disease in patients with acute rheumatic fever. However, the trials were old and the results should be viewed with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. New trials are warranted to assess the effects of corticosteroids such as oral prednisone and intravenous methylprednisolone and the effects on heart valve disease. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticide use to be effective in reducing trachomiasis. One study found that another fly control measures, latrine provision, reduced trachomas by 29.5% compared to not intervention; this was, however, not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed by a more recent study. Another study revealed that health education reduced the incidence of trachum. These findings were not confirmed by the second study, however. Another trial found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce trachome. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in the control of trchoma, however this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides. Two trials on latrine provides as a control measure have not demonstrated significant trachomalacia reduction. Health education had shown significant reduction of trctoma in one study but another study showed similar findings. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the management of tr cholera.
This review of fifteen studies (1043 participants) found that CBT is effective in reducing fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective in reduction of fatigue symptoms compared with other psychological therapies. However, the evidence base at follow-up is limited to a small number of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with chronic fatigue syndrome.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared vitamin D supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) in people with sickle cell disease. The study was conducted in the USA and involved 46 people with HbSS, HbSC, HBSβ+thal and HbSβ0thal. The participants were randomised to receive vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo for six weeks and were followed up to six months. The vitamin D group had significantly higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. The quality of the evidence was low for the vitamin D levels. The group receiving vitamin D had a lower health-related quality of life score than the placebo group but this was not significant at eight or 16 weeks. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, but again the quality of evidence was very low. The frequency of pain was reduced in the vitamin group but again, the quality was low. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin and placebo groups, but the quality and quantity of evidence were low. We considered the quality to be low for all outcomes. The evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplements (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines) and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D (eg. from the USA Institute of Medicine). Evidence of vitamin D in sickle cells is needed.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found only one study that recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) (a speech and language therapy). The study was conducted in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. The study compared the two interventions in a total of 26 children. The evidence is current to January 2017. The results of the study showed that, when delivered intensively, both NDP-3 and ReST may improve word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and the accuracy in connected speech. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP- 3 for accuracy of speech production on non-treatment words, and for accuracy in speech production of at least three word combinations. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were that only one small study was identified, and that the results were imprecise. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-2 and Re ST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children aged four to 12 with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Further studies are needed to strengthen the evidence base.
We searched for studies that compared antibiotic treatment to placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment in people with toxoplasma retinochoroiditis. We found four studies that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to poor reporting. The other three studies compared antibiotic to placebo. One of these studies was conducted in the US in adults and involved pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks. The fourth study was conducted at the same time in Brazil and involved trimethopsin-sulamethoxazole for 12 months. The last study involved all participants with active retinochirotitis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomisation to trimethioprim-trilomipramine versus placebo. The study in Brazil reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. The results of the studies showed that people treated with antibiotic treatment had a similar change in visual acity at one year compared with people treated without antibiotics. There was no evidence that this led to better visual outcomes. There were no differences in the risk of developing a new eye infection. The UK study of pyrimetic treatment for four weeks reported an improvement in intraocular inflammation in treated participants compared with control participants. The US study of a pyrimite-trisalapyrimine combination for eight week showed that intraocularitis had almost completely resolved by eight weeks in all participants, however in this study all participants received steroid treatment. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated people. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. There is currently no good evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk for developing
We included 43 trials involving 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test. The sliding hip screws were associated with more fracture fixation complications than the intramedulary nails. Results for post-operative complications, mortality and functional outcomes were similar in both groups. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation complication, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for proximal femoral nail (PFN) versus the sliding thigh nail (SH). None of the 10 trials (in 1491 participants), of nail and extramEDullary nail comparisons for the trochanters, provided sufficient data to establish a definite difference in complications. Two trials (65 participants), found intramayedullary nails were associated to less fracture fixation and reoperation complications compared with fixed nail plates for unstable fractures at the level of the lesser of the two trochanths. Two more trials (124 participants) found a tendency to less wound healing complications with the intamayedullar nails compared with the fixed nail plate for subtrochanter (lower) fractures. With its lower complication rate in comparison with the SHS, and absence of functional outcome data to the contrary, the SHH appears superior for trochteric fracture fractures. Further studies are required.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the benefits and harms of palliative surgery and medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who received either palliate surgery (n = 27) or medical management with Octreotide (n of 20) and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Although six (22%) women who had surgery had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, multivariable analysis found that women who were given surgery had significantly better survival than women who took the drug, after adjustment for important factors. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (quality of the life) was not recorded and adverse events were incompletely documented. We were unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and risks of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. However there is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
This review of four trials found that statins improved lipid profiles and testosterone levels in women with PCOS but there was no evidence that statin treatment improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides but had no significant effect on high-density lipid (HDL) levels, high sensitivity (HS) C-reactive protein (HS-CRP) or fasting insulin resistance. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed randomised controlled trials to assess clinical outcomes.
We searched for studies of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer up to July 2013. We found no new studies. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, radiotherapy techniques or radiotherapy. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy in women who have advanced cervical cancer. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources. Thus, this systematic review identified the need for a randomised controlled trial assessing the benefits and risks of pablative treatments in women diagnosed with advanced cervical cancers.
This review of trials found that, compared to radiotherapy alone, temozolomide improves survival and delays progression of tumours without affecting quality of life. However, it does increase early side effects. In the elderly, temozolomides alone and in combination with radiotherapy appear comparable to radiotherapies in terms of survival and progression-free survival but with a higher instance of side effects in the elderly. In recurrent glioblastoma multiforme, temozoomide appears to be an effective primary therapy in GBM compared to standard chemotherapy alone. It prolongs survival and slows progression without impacting on quality of living but it does have early side effect problems.
We found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of contracting-in and intermittent training courses for district health system managers. One study conducted in Cambodia found that contracting- in may improve health care access and utilization. The other study found that intermittent training of district health systems managers over 18 months may improve performance. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive the intermittent training course had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions for retaining district health workers have been identified. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs) as well as training district health health systems manager (e-g., in-service workshops with on-site support) have not been adequately investigated. There is low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), for districthealth systems managers, may improve the use of public facilities and health care accessibility and utilization and that intermittent trainings of districthealth system health managers, in particular, for the management of health care delivery, may increase performance. More evidence is required before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness and safety of these interventions in diverse settings. The quality of the evidence was low.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. There was no description of concealment of the randomization sequence in two studies. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two of the studies. There were no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of intensive care unit stay. Duration of mechanical support, length of stay in the intensive care department, and hospital stay were measured in the three studies. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. There is some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, heart deformity and tracheastomy, and duration of intensive-care unit stay, and the length of ICU stay. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We included 50 trials (19 randomised controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) in this review. The trials included 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied cerivastatin effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. The average age of the participants was between 65 and 77 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to August 2015. The results of the review showed that cerivastsatin was about 250-fold more potent than fluvastatin, 20-fold stronger than atorvastin and 5.5-fold better than rosuvastat in reducing LDL cholesterol, and 233-fold greater potency than fluviaastatin. The effect of cerivastaatin on total cholesterol, total cholesterol and triglycerides was linear over the commonly prescribed dose range. The effects of cervastarin on HDL cholesterol were not clearly different between the different doses of ceravastatin used in the trials. The quality of the evidence was high for the effects of the drug on LDL cholesterol and total cholesterol. The certainty of evidence for the effect of the drugs on triglycerides and LDL cholesterol was high. The risk of adverse effects was low. The included trials did not report on harms associated with the drugs.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation did not reduce the risk of kidney injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery. It probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving remote iscaemic precontitioning. It is uncertain whether remote ischchaemic pre-operative preconditionsing by iliac cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote ischemic preconditional precondititioning in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in the acute phase of surgery in which the kidneys are damaged. The quality of the included studies was moderate to high. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of patients.
We included 12 trials with 703 participants. Eight trials (888 participants), which investigated the efficacy of treatments for PSF, of which six trials (634 participants) provided data suitable for analysis. The trials investigated five medications: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-pharmacological interventions: a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme. The fatigue severity was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups. The results of the trials were not consistent. Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF. None were tested on preventing PSF and no trial investigated the effectiveness of preventing PSN. The interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in larger studies with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias.
We found three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 preterm infants. The trials were very small with only a total of 74 pre term infants enrolled. The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials (Malone 1991 and Hu 1999). One study (Malones 1991) showed that the combination of insulin and glucose inhalation (two studies) reduced the risk of death in preterm babies with hyperkalaemia. In the other two trials, the combination insulin and saline inhalation was found to be superior to the use of rectal cation-resin (one study). The combination of albuterol inhalation and saline (one trial) showed no difference in serum K+ from baseline at four hours and at eight hours after initiation of treatment. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination or saline inhalations. The combination insulin inhalation is not recommended for the treatment of hyperkalemia in pre term babies. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions for non-oliguric hyperkaloemia (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested in randomised trials. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This review found that IVIg given within two weeks of onset of disease hastens recovery compared with supportive treatment alone. There were no differences in the number of people who improved after IVIG compared with PE. There was also no difference in the severity of the disease. IVIIg was not significantly more effective than PE in children. There is moderate quality evidence that IVIs given within a few days of onset hastens the recovery of people with severe disease. There are no trials comparing IVIGs with placebo in adults, but this review provides moderate quality information that IV is probably more effective in children with severe illness. There may be little or no difference between IVIgs and PE in adults. There appears to be no difference when IVIges are given over two days rather than five days. There seems to be little difference between PE and IVIgins in children, but IVIgb is significantly more likely to be completed than PE. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) in this review. In 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high percentage of inspired air was not associated with death from any cause within the longest follow-up and within 30 days of follow- up. Similarly, when all trials were included, a higher fraction ofinspired oxygen was not related to death from all causes within the most recent follow-ups. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. Similarly in trials using preoperative antibiotics, a large fraction of the inspired oxygen was associated with a decrease in surgical site infections. In five trials, participants were blinded to the type of oxygen they received. We did not observe an effect of a high proportion of inspired blood oxygen on surgical site infection in any other subgroup analyses. As the risk of adverse events, including death, may be increased by a fraction of 60% or higher, and as robust evidence is lacking for a beneficial effect of 60 percent or higher on surgical sites infection, our overall results suggest that evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of a fraction in the form of a higher percentage of oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery. Given the risk to bias in the included trials, the risk for missing data, and the risk that the results may be biased, further randomized clinical studies with low risk and long-term follow-UP are warranted.
We searched for evidence on 25 trials (3663 children) comparing oral antibiotics with placebo (a dummy treatment) or no treatment in children up to 16 years of age with OME. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that oral antibiotics are associated with an increased chance of complete resolution of OME at various time points, but also with more side effects such as diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash. There is no evidence that oral antibiotic treatment is associated with a decrease in the need for ventilation tube insertion. There was no evidence of an effect on short-term hearing. There were no data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics had an effect in improving other important outcomes such as speech, speech, Language and Language Development, cognitive development, or quality-of-life. We assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for the primary outcome of complete OME resolution at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) and low for the secondary outcome of Ome resolution at any time point. We also found evidence that children treated with oral antibiotics were more likely to experience diarrhoeas, vomiting or skin rash than those who received placebo. We rated the quality as low for both outcomes. We considered the quality and quantity of evidence to range from low to very low. The main limitation of the review was that we could not combine the results of different studies, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are likely to be similar.
We found twelve studies that compared a low protein diet with a control diet. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. Further longer-term research on large representative groups of patients with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus is necessary. Because of the variability amongst patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that people with moderate to severe brain injury who were already in rehabilitation were more likely to recover from their injury when they received formal treatment, and that commencing rehabilitation early after injury was supported by strong evidence. For people with mild brain injury, who were admitted to hospital with mild injury, those with moderate-to-severe brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate or severe brain injuries benefit from routine follow- up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Intensive rehabilitation appears to lead to earlier recovery, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness of intensive rehabilitation has yet to be determined. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment where they are compared to a group of individuals who are also facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychology rehabilitation following severe brain damage. Not all questions in rehabilitation can either be answered by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies conducted in the contexts of routine clinical practice.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) that compared rooming-in versus separate care. The trial compared roomed-in care with separate care and compared the number of infants that received exclusive breastfeeding on the day after birth (the first day after the baby is born) with the number that received any breastfeeding at six months of age. The study was conducted in the USA and involved women who were breastfeeding their babies at home. The women were followed up for between one and six months. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in versus separate treatment for mother-infant separation. The quality of the evidence was low. The main outcomes were duration of any breastfeeding, frequency of breastfeeds per day, and the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding. The difference between the two groups was not significant. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was higher in the rooming group (86% versus 45%) compared with the separate care group (17% versus 17%). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. We found no difference found between the groups in the proportion that received either full mother-in or partial mother-child separation. We concluded that there is no evidence that rooming is better than separate care for mother and baby separation. Further well-designed randomised trials are needed to investigate full mother and infant rooming and separate care including all important outcomes.
This review of trials found that sanchi may be beneficial and safe for acute ischaemic stroke, but the small sample and inferior quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are required.
This review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to determine whether there are any advantages or disadvantages of immediate, immediate-delayed or delayed implant placement. There is a suggestion that immediate and immediate- delayed implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction. There are no trials evaluating whether there is any difference between the methods of bone grafting for implants immediately placed in extraction sockets. There was no evidence to support or refute the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets or whether any of the augmentation techniques is superior to the others.
We found two trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for analysis. The second trial compared PBT2 with placebo (a dummy drug) in 78 participants with mild dementia. The results of the two trials were not consistent. There was no significant difference in cognition between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. The difference in the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognition (ADAS-Cog) score in the cliocinol arm compared with the placebo arm at weeks 24 and 36 was a difference of 7.37 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.51 to 13.24) and 6.36 (CI -0.50 to 13). The difference was not statistically significant. One participant in the active group developed neurological symptoms (impaired visual acuity and colour vision) which resolved on cessation of treatment and were possibly attributable to the drug. In the second trial a successor compound, PBT 2, was compared with placebo. There were no significant differences in cognition or memory between the two groups at week 12. However, two executive function component tests of the NTB showed significant improvement over placebo in the PBT group from baseline to week 12: category fluency test (2.8 words, 95% CI 0.1 to 5.4) and trail making part B (-48.0 s, 95%) (-83.0 to -13.0). In the executive factor Z score, the difference in least squares mean change from baseline at week12 for PBT1 250 mg compared with PBT was a mean of 0.27 (P=0.01 to 0.53; p=0·53; for the latter group 0.26 (0.05 to 0·27; for this group 0·01 to 1.53).
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 PAH. PAH participants treated with PDE inhibitors were more likely to improve their WHO functional class (i) by an average of 8 metres further in 6MWD (8 trials, 880 participants) and were 22% less likely to die over a mean duration of 14 weeks (high-certainty evidence). The number needed to treat to prevent one additional death was 32 participants. There was an increased risk of adverse events with PTE, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and muscle pain. There were limited trials comparing PDE inhibitor treatment directly with other PAH-specific therapy (endothelin receptor antagonists (ERAs)). Those on PDE- inhibitors walked 49 metres further than on ERAs (low-certainies). There was no evidence of a difference in WHO functional classes or mortality between the two treatments. Five trials compared PDE to placebo in PH secondary to left-heart disease (PH-LHD). The quality of data were low due to imprecision and inconsistency across trials. In those with PH-L HD there were reduced odds of an improvement in WHO function class using PDE, and those using PTE walked 34 metres further compared to placebo (low certainty evidence). There were no evidence that PDE was associated with worsening hypoxia (low quality evidence). Five trials comparing the use of PDE in PH-left-heart patients to placebo compared to other PAHL-specific therapies (low confidence in the results). There is no evidence to support the use PDE for PH- left- heart disease. There is moderate certainty evidence that there is some benefit for the use in PH of PTE in
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injections of local anaesthesia. The review found that nerve stimulation was more effective than either single injection or double injection techniques for axillary plexus block. The quality of the evidence was high for the reduction in the failure of the anaesthesia to work. The time taken for the anaesthetic to work was shorter for single injection and double injection. The number of patients who experienced tourniquet pain was reduced with multiple injections. There was no difference between the two groups in the time taken to be ready for surgery. There were no differences between the groups in other outcomes, such as pain, complications and patient discomfort. The overall quality of evidence was generally high. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of participants and the fact that the majority of the trials were conducted in the USA.
We found three studies that compared beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to children with mild-moderate asthma. All three studies lasted between 7- 12 months. In all three studies, the children were treated with beclometrichasone compared to those receiving placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. The average decrease in growth was 1.54 cm per year (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.15, -1%. In children with moderate asthma, beclometry 200 mcG twice daily caused a decrease in linear growth of 1.55 cm peryear. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in the growth rate is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. If inhaled corticosteroids are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's symptoms and closely following growth.
This review of three trials (139 patients) found that APD has not been shown to have significant advantages over CAPD in terms of important clinical outcomes. APD may however be considered advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education due to its psychosocial advantages. There is a need for a randomised controlled trial comparing CAPD with APD with sufficiently large patient numbers looking at important clinical outcome including residual renal function, and cost-effectiveness of both modalities. The review authors recommend that further research is needed to clarify the relative clinical and cost effectiveness of both treatments.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS) and progression-negative symptoms (SM) and overall risk of progression/relapse. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) separately.  CRT seems to be optimal for most early stage (I-II) HD patients. For advanced stages, CRT better prevents progression/reaction but CT alone seems to cause less SM.  Data were insufficient to compare RT to CT.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy.  EF-RT was superior in terms PFS but not OS. No significant difference in SM was observed. Reduced SM risk after IF-RT instead of EF-retractor treatment could not be demonstrated. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k"] = 12, n = 3040), transdermally (k = 5, n > 1628), or intrathecally (a skin patch that is applied to the skin) (k= 10, n < 10). Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI): 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [ 95% CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%]; intrathecal: 8.9%, [95%) to 10.3%, or both. Many participants stopped taking opioids because of side effects (e.g. nausea and headache) or because they were not effective. Many patients stopped taking their medications because of adverse effects, but serious side effects, including opioid addiction, were rare. The evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids long-lasting experience clinically significant pain relief. Whether quality of life or functioning improves is inconclusive. Many minor adverse events (like nausea and pain) occurred, but these were rare and were not serious. Findings regarding quality of lives and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermatic and intrathecular studies.
We searched for evidence on the effectiveness of anabolic steroids in treating pressure ulcers in adults. We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcer classed as stage III and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 (standard deviations 11.6) years) in the placebo group. The trial compared oxandrogolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. The evidence is current to August 2015. The study was stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in opinion of the study authors showed that oxandragolone had no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing. We are uncertain whether oxandaragolone improves or reduces the complete healing (complete healing of pressure ulces) of pressure pressure ulcus, as we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. There was very low-certainty evidence on complete ulcer wound healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide 95% confidence interval (CI) of both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spinal cord injuries). Thus, we are uncertain about the effect of oxandago on complete wound healing. There were no serious adverse events reported in the participants treated with oxandolone compared with placebo. There is low-quality evidence on non-serious adverse events (downgrading once for imp recurrence and once as indirectness). We are very uncertain about this result as the certainty was
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email to usual care. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail. For both comparisons (email versus standard mail, email versus usual care and email versus care) there was a lack of evidence for patient or caregiver understanding and support. Results were inconclusive for patient and caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus other forms of communication, there were no significant differences between groups for patient health status and well-being. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included trials were generally of poor quality. The results of this review are therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
This review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. Nine trials used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. Pooled data identified a significant difference from the addition of postural restriction in the frequency of Dix-Hallpike test conversion when compared to the Eley manoeuvres alone. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients versus 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a positive to a negative Dix Hallpike Test (risk ratio (RR) 1.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1 to 1.22, P = 0.002). No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine application of mastoid oscillation during the E pley manoeuvr during the manoeuvre, or of additional steps in an 'augmented' EpleY manoeuvre (where extra steps are added to the manoeuvr). Neither treatment is associated with adverse outcomes. There were no reports of any serious adverse events. The addition of the postural restrictor does not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised. Specific patients who experience discomfort due to wearing a cervical collar and inconvenience in sleeping upright may be treated with the Eclere alone and still expect to be cured in most instances.
We found four studies that compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of steroids and antibiotics. The studies included a total of 231 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found no studies that were at low risk of bias. The four studies compared different surgical treatments versus medical treatment. The results of the studies were similar. There were no differences between the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies. There was no difference between the studies in terms of patient-reported symptom scores and quality of life scores. There is no evidence that one type of surgery is better than another in terms patient-rated symptom scores or quality of lives. There are no differences in complications between the different types and dosages of the treatments. Complications were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The overall quality of evidence was very low, mainly because of the small number of studies and participants, the small numbers of participants and the small sample sizes.
We included eight trials (709 participants) in this review. Seven trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared zinc-Fortified staple Foods in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc (comportison 2). The interventions lasted between one and nine months. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that foods fortified with zinc increased the serum or plasma zinc levels compared to foods without added zinc. However, participants consuming foods fortified in combination of zinc and other nutrients had similar risk of underweight and stunting (low-quality evidence). A single trial of adding zinc to iron in wheat flour did not find a reduction in proportion of zinc deficiency. We did not found a difference in serum or blood zinc levels in participants consuming the same food with zinc plus other nutrients but no added zinc (low quality evidence). No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We considered most trials to have some risk of bias for randomisation, but low risk of biased for blinding and attrition. We rated the quality of evidence as low for the outcomes of zinc levels and low for other outcomes.
We searched for evidence on 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the use of non-steroidal antiandrogens with medical or surgical castration for advanced prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer, which compared the effects of nonsteroidal drugs on survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to side effects. The quality of evidence was moderate for overall survival, cancer progression and treatment failure. The risk of treatment discontinuuation due due to adverse events was increased when non-stimulant drugs were used. The use of antiandrogen drugs was associated with breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes. The effect of nonstimulin drugs on cancer-specific survival and biochemical progression was unclear. The overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The main limitations of the review were the small numbers of studies and the risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared screening with no screening for breast cancer with other treatments. We found eight eligible trials. We excluded a trial because the randomisation had failed to produce comparable groups. The trials included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction. The overall quality of the evidence was low. The evidence is current to January 2014. The review found that breast cancer deaths were an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The four trials with inadequate randomisation found no effect of screening on total cancer mortality or on all-cause mortality after 10 years. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased in the screened groups. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer death by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG priming compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 unit of hCSG compared to 10,, and one study investigated 10 and 20, respectively. Three of the studies only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (N= 400). We found no conclusive evidence that hCG had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCS priming may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of hCP priming, and the optimal dose and timing. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision.
This review of 24 trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether subgroups (such as those using specific types or doses of hormone therapy) using specific methods of hormone treatment could benefit from treatment. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large trials currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these uncertainties by the year 2010. In the meantime, based on the available evidence, ERT cannot be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or maintenance in older women without cognitive impairment. There was no evidence of benefit for cognitive function over time.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. Both trials compared the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) with LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. Included studies enrolled participants with both partially reversible and non-reversible COPD and baseline mean per cent predicted forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV₁) of 43.4 to 49.6. We found no difference between the two inhalers for the following outcomes: death, COPD exacerbation (requiring short-burst oral corticosteroids or antibiotics, or both), pneumonia, and total serious adverse events. None of the pneumonias were fatal. We also found no differences between the inhalers in terms of improvement in symptoms measured by the COPD Assessment Test (CAT score) nor for FEV⁃. We are uncertain whether once-daily ICS and LABA, combined in one inhaler, has a different efficacy or adverse effect profile compared to LAMA for treatment of people with COPD. The short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty. Further trials of longer duration are needed.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effectiveness of antidepressants (two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapy trials) with placebo (a pretend treatment) or with no treatment. The results of these studies suggest that antidepressants (fluoxetine, clomipramine, desipramide, and fluoxetines) and psychotherapy (cognitive behavioural therapy) may be effective in the treatment of patients with BDD. Symptom severity was also significantly reduced in the RCTs of fluoxETine and clomipsramine (relative to desipamines), as well as in the two CBT trials (WMD -44.96, 95% CI -54.43 to -35.49). A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one trial of CBT. Results from the small number of available RCTS suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating patients with bDD. The findings of these trials need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well and a range of psychological therapy approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis in adults with HIV. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012 and involved 268 adults. The review found that cotroxazoles given to people with HIV who have a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to cotrhoxazolone resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV-infected patients with a previous previous history. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Further randomised trials are urgently needed.
We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The duration of the studies was between five days and 28 days. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to February 2015. We found no new trials for this update. The three trials enrolled 148 newborn infants. The babies were monitored for between one and 28 weeks. The drugs were given by intravenous infusion (midazolam) or by injection (placebo). The babies received midazolams or placebo (placebos) for at least one week. The infants were monitored during the study period. The results of the trials showed that the babies receiving midazolinam had a longer stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and were more likely to have a higher incidence of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) compared with the placebo group. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of babies and the small numbers of babies studied. The included trials did not provide sufficient evidence to support the use of midazolanam as a sedative for newborn babies.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. The evidence is current to August 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The duration of the trials ranged from one to 12 weeks. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. No differences were detected between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for the presence of diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment. No difference was detected for the occurrence of diarrhoeala at five to seven days after the start of treatment, clinical failure, or duration of illness. The average difference for diarrhoeas was 0 days, fever was 0.27 days, and duration of hospitalisation was 0 day. The number of negative stool cultures for NTS was higher in the antibiotic group. Antibiotics given to people with NTS resulted in a significantly higher number of adverse events. The most common adverse events were mild to moderate side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in this review. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. The included participants were heterogenous in terms as well as their distribution of age. The number of patients with sepsi varied greatly across studies, ranging from 12% to 78%. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the test domain in QUADAS-2. The results of individual studies showed a great dispersion in individual studies accuracy estimates (21 studies, 3650 adult patients), therefore the considerable heterogeneity in the collected data prevented us from calculating formal accuracy estimates. Using a fixed prevalence of seps is 50% and a fixed specificity of 74%, we found a sensitivity of 66% (95% confidence interval 60 to 72). If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of sepis with IL, we will find that 330 patients under suspected sepsism would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have sepsitis. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed of septicaemia. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of the review once they are fully published and evaluated. The conclusions of this review will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully included and included.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in this review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure) and 25 trials compared alternative types of wound dressing with no dressing. The trials included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification, five trials that included people undergoing what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery, and the remaining studies including people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention with wound dressers reduces the risk of SSI, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk, improving scarring, reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. Most studies in this study were small and at a high or unclear risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSIs and were often not clearly reported. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and acceptability of dressing, and uncertainty whether wound dressage influenced these outcomes. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference.
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared supplements or placebo with placebo. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Sixty-one women completed the selenum arm, 44 of whom completed an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). In the placebo arm, 64 women completed an EPDS. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid supplements with placebo (a pretend drug). The trial randomly allocated 126 women at risk of postpartum depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Three women in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm, and one woman in the placebo group were lost to follow-up. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in theEPA arm, 4 in the EIA and seven in the fake drug) were included in the analysis, while those who were lost were not. The included study found selenums had an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPD. This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. The primary outcome measure was the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) score at the fifth visit (six to eight weeks postpartu). No benefit was found for EPA-rich fish oil or DHA-rich Fish oil supplementation in preventing postpartums depression. No difference was found in the effect on postnatal depression comparing EPA with DHA. No benefit or significant effect was found on the presence of major depressive disorder at six to eight week post
We searched for studies that compared different durations of anthracycline infusion in adults with solid tumours. We found 11 studies that evaluated different dosing schedules (different peak doses) and different infusion durations (different doses) of different anthracies. We identified that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of heart failure, and it seems to reduce the risk for subclinical heart damage. We did not find any difference in the occurrence of clinical heart failure in participants treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or 60 mg or more. We could not identify any evidence about the occurrence or side effects of different peak doses. We cannot make any conclusions about the effect of different doting durations on the occurrence and side effects on the heart. We need more high-quality research in this area.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Most studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most of the studies were conducted in hospital and included participants who had suffered a TBI and were receiving treatment for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported data for mortality, 31 studies reported unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 studies reported pneumonia. We did not pool the results of these studies because the studies differed in the way they were conducted and we could not combine the data. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform meta-analysis. We rated the quality of the evidence for mortality and unfavourability outcome to very low. We downgraded the evidence on pneumonia to low quality because of differences in the results among studies. We found no high-quality evidence that hypothermic treatment is beneficial in the treatment of people with TIA. We identified two ongoing studies from searches of clinical trials registers and database searches and two studies await classification.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of family therapy in the treatment of depression. There is a need for more high quality research to examine the effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of different forms of family therapies.
This review identified three trials involving a total of 206 participants with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The review found that Duxil improved cognitive function in patients with vascular disease. However, there was no information on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up. There was no evidence that Dixil improved functional performance. Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, caregiver burden and caregiver-related adverse events were not undertaken in the included trials. Due to the low methodological quality of included trials, small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of Duxils for the treatment of patients with dementia. High-quality and large-scale randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
This review of trials found that drains can reduce the risk of developing a seroma and reduce the number of post-operative seroma aspirations. However, drains also increase the length of hospital stay. There was no significant difference in the incidence of lymphoedema, nor was there any significant difference between drains and no drainage in terms of the number or volume of haematoma.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient and conflicting evidence regarding the association between flavonoid intake and colorectal neoplasms. There was no evidence that total flavonoids, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones were associated with coloreCTal neopomas. There is also conflicting evidence that increased intake of procyanidin and phytoestrogen could reduce the incidence of colorestal cancer. There were no clear benefits of high anthocyanin intake. There are no data on the effect of flavonoidal anti-cancer drugs on colorerectal cancer and colorescent neoplasm. Therefore, more evidence is needed to clarify the association of flavons and colorctal cancer neoplomas.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, we found that extending the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the number of patients who had a sustained virological response (i) by 71.7% versus 52.8% and the number needed to treat by 9.8%, and ii) by 265.1% versus 207.7%. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions (27.1%) versus 46.5%). The length of treatment did not significantly affect the adherence (247/279 (88.5%) versus 252/274 (92.0%). In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups. The observed effects can be due to both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance). There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the policy of extending the time to which patients are treated for slow responders.
We found two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the accuracy of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer found to have resectable disease on CT scan. The studies were conducted in the USA and the UK. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of the EUS for people with cancer that had spread beyond the pancreas. The results of the studies were inconclusive. The average probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectables cancer after CT scans had unresectables disease on laparotomy). The summary estimate of sensitivity of EUs for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97) and the summary estimate for specificity for unrectability was 1.80 (95 CI 0.40 to 096). The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 (95. CI 1.0 to 18.6) and 0.2 (95CI 0.0.0) respectively. At the mean pre-test probability of 60.0%, the post-test percentage of unrectable cancer for people who had a positive EUS (EUS indicating unresectably) was 86.9% (95-CI 60.9%. The post- test probability of the disease was 20.0% (5.1% to 53.7%). This means that 13% of people (95%) with positive EUs have potentially resectably cancer and 20% (4% to 5%) of people with negative EUS have unresectatable cancer. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of EU in people who have pancreatic cancers found to be resectatable on CT scans. No studies have assessed the utility in people having periampullary cancer. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in people.
We searched for studies that compared any of the treatments for blepharitis with each other or with no treatment. We found 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharyngitis) that compared different treatments for chronic blephritis. The studies were of variable quality and varied in terms of the types of treatments, the types and severity of the blephars, and the severity of blephareitis. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blephARitis. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic pain relief for anterior and posterior blephharitis. There was no strong evidence that any of these treatments were effective at curing chronic blehars. Topics and commercial products were marketed to consumers and prescribed to patients without substantial evidence of effectiveness. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments. Any study should be patient-focused and measure outcomes of interest using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly.
We found one study with a total of 23 participants. The study was at high risk of bias and the quality of the evidence was very low. The results of the study were not consistent and there was no significant difference between the groups. Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. There is insufficient evidence from high-quality randomised controlled trials to determine whether photodynamic therapies alter the course of disease or provide an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis. Multicentre trials with appropriate sample sizes and long-term follow-up are required to evaluate whether photodynamics therapy is of benefit. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality), quality of life and quality of recovery should be measured in future trials.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided information on the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality. The studies were conducted in the 1980s and included a small number of participants. The majority of studies were of poor quality. In most studies, the participants were male and the average age was between 40 and 60 years. The average age of the participants ranged from 55 to 70 years. Most studies were funded by the National Institutes of Health Research. The results of the studies showed that CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity. The difference between the two tests was statistically significant. The differences between the studies were not statistically significant in terms or specificity. The quality of the evidence was generally poor. The main limitations of the review were that the studies did not clearly report the time between the tests, the way the studies compared the two diagnostic tests, and the way they were conducted. The evidence is current to September 2014.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants, which compared sterile water with saline water. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were of good methodological quality, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported on low back pain in labour only. The results showed that women who had sterile water experienced greater pain relief than women who received saline water, but the results were not consistent. There was no difference between the two water types for pain relief, caesarean section rates, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief in labour, women's sense of control in labour (e.g. women's experience of the childbirth experience), women's views on the childbirth, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. Further large, method rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain in childbirth.
We searched for studies that compared glue versus suture for mesh fixation in people with Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, and the UK. The results showed that glue may reduce chronic pain after mesh repair compared with suture. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the glue group compared with the suture group. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. The length of time taken for the repair to complete was similar in the two treatment groups. We also looked at adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were poor reporting of study methods and imprecision of results. The included studies were small and had some limitations in their design. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high risk of biased. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of this review is moderate to high. Based on the short-term results, glue may be a sensible alternative to sutures for mesh repair in Lichtensteine hernia. Larger trials with longer follow-up and high quality are warranted. The difference between synthetic glue and biological glue should also be assessed in the future.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A package of 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Providing instructions to authors was associated in one study with improved reporting of ethics requirements in one and fewer errors (in two studies), but no difference was seen in the quality of the abstracts in one trial. The reference accuracy studies showed a median citation error rate of 38%. A substantial number of references in biomedical articles are cited or quoted inaccurately.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported results for treatment periods separately. Twelve studies used codeine as a single agent and three combined it with paracetamol. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. Most of the studies used doses of codeine at doses of 30 mg to 120 mg. There were insufficient data for any pooled analysis. Only two studies reported our preferred responder outcome of at least 50%, and two reported no worse than mild pain. Eleven studies reported treatment group mean measures of pain intensity or pain relief; overall for these outcome measures, the pain reduction in participants with codeine or codeine plus a placebo was superior to placebo and equivalent to the active comparators. There was no significant difference in the number of participants with at least a 50% reduction in pain. Only one reported the number with any serious adverse event. In two studies, the number reporting was poor: only two studies had reported the total of participants reporting any adverse event specified by treatment group and only one of the three reported the numbers of participants having any serious side effects. The available evidence indicates that codeine is more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and constipation. There is uncertainty as to the magnitude and duration and safety and
We included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, aged between six and 35 years. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Thailand, Thailand and the United Kingdom. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The heterogeneity of the included trials, which encompasses setting, inclusion and exclusion criteria, interventional method and time of assessment, ranged from 'not important' to'moderate to substantial' for different review outcomes. The quality of evidence was low for selective reporting, unclear for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of participants and blinding of outcome assessment. Incomplete outcome reporting and blinding was also reported. Patient knowledge was assessed by four trials (160 participants) with moderate to substantial heterogeneity. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in a sensitivity analysis. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial of 20 families, also showed an improvement, but the effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect for caregiver knowledge was not sustained. There were no differences between the intervention groups in the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related illness. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs and symptom leading to self-management. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and showed no evidence of an effect, mean difference 0.33 (95% confidence interval -0.57 to 1.23, moderate quality evidence). With regard to
We included six studies with 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five trials included participants only with focal onset seizures. All studies were of short duration. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that people taking brivaracetam with other drugs were more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those taking placebo. They were also more likely than those receiving placebo to achieve seizure freedom. However, people taking add-on brivar acetam were more than twice as likely to withdraw from treatment because of side effects compared with those taking a placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of seizure frequency, seizure freedom, and side effects. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as for the risk of participants experiencing one or more side effects, which was not significantly different following treatment with brivaractam compared to placebo. It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included participants who had generalised epilepsy. None of the studies included people younger than 16 years old. Consequently, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Future research should focus on investigating the tolerability and efficacy of brivarateam during longer-term follow-up, and should also assess the efficacy and tolerability of bribaracetam in managing other types of seizures and its use in other age groups.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents. Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply (moderate confidence) and tailored to their situation (low confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services (low) and in good time before each vaccination appointment (moderate). Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them (high confidence). Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions (moderate confident). Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high certainty). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. Further research, especially in rural and low- to middle to low to high country settings, could strengthen evidence for the findings where we had low or very low confidence. Planners should consider the timing for making vaccination information available to parents, the settings where information is available, the provision and use of impartial and clear information tailored to parental needs, and the perceptions of the health workers and the information provided.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were no overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies or TAU. Two trials found a non specific specialist therapy (Specialist Supportive Clinical Management) or an Optimised TAU delivered by therapists with eating disorder expertise was similar in outcomes to cognitive behaviour therapy. When comparing individual psychological therapy with each other, no specific treatment was consistently superior to any other specific approach. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. There was a suggestion in one study that focal psychodynamics might be superior to TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Owing to the risk of bias and limitations of studies, notably small sample
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One trial was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to either siliconeOil or perfluropropane gas. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. The first two trials were funded by the National Eye Institute, and the third trial had a funding source from the German Research Foundation. The use of either perflurpropane or standard silicone oils appears reasonable for most patients with RD associated with PVR. Because there do not appear to be any major differences in outcomes between the two agents, the choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. There were no significant differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. For macular detachment, participants treated with silicone oil received significantly more favourable outcomes than did participants who received sulfur hexa-fluoride gas at both one year and two years. There was no significant difference between silicone Oil and sulfur hexfluorid gas in the change in visual acity at one year, but there were no differences between the oil and gas at two years, and there was no difference between the groups in terms for macular attachments. There is no evidence of superiority between siliconeOil and standard silicone Oil in terms in terms or adverse events. The choice of tamponide agent should therefore be individualize for each participant. The overall quality of the trials was high. The trials were well designed and reported. All trials appear
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the Netherlands. The women were at a lower risk of dying or having a serious complication (including heart attack, stroke, and kidney failure) when planned early delivery was performed. There was no clear difference in the risk of the baby dying or being admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). There was also no clear evidence that planned early birth was associated with a lower rate of complications for the mother or her baby. There were no clear differences between groups for caesarean section, duration of hospital stay for the woman after delivery of the newborn baby or for the baby. The quality of the evidence was graded as high for the outcomes of composite maternal mortality and morbidity, moderate for caeesareans, duration after delivery for the mothers and duration of stay in hospital for the babies, and low for the outcome of infant mortality and complications. The main limitations of the studies were that the studies did not use blinding of women and staff to the group being compared, which could have affected aspects of care and decision-making. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the following outcomes: composite maternal deaths and morbidities, caesarian section, caearean sections, duration and length of hospital stays for the women, and duration and stay in the hospital for their babies. The level of evidence for the other outcomes was moderate. The included studies were generally well designed and had low risk of bias.
This review of six randomised controlled trials (including 142 participants) found that prophylactic clotting factor concentrates reduce bleeding and joint bleeds in children with hemophilia. There is insufficient evidence from randomised trials to confirm the observational evidence that proprophalactic clot-reducing drugs reduce bleeding in patients with existing joint damage. There was no evidence that clot-lowering drugs reduce the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up. There were no significant differences in the number or severity of adverse events between patients treated with prophylectomy and those treated with on-demand clot-dissolving drugs.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. We found that the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. In addition, the trials were not of high quality. We included one new study in this update. We did not find any evidence that less aggressive treatment schedules are better than more aggressive treatment options for treating BL. However, the evidence is not consistent and more research is needed.
The review authors identified two studies involving 447 RhD negative women. The studies compared the use of either an intramuscularly (IM) or intravenously (IV) injection of anti-D to prevent RhD alloimmunization. The number of included studies and the number of participants were not enough to assess whether there are any differences between the two methods of administration. The review authors found insufficient information upon which to guide practice due to the limited number of studies, small sample sizes and methodological limitations. It appears that IM and IV administration of antiD are equally effective. The choice of the route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences.
We identified eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. Five studies investigated clopidogrel compared to either aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or clopidine in combination with aspirin compared to the aspirin alone. One study compared ticlapidine to placebo. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to January 2013. The available evidence for ADP receptor antagonists in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients with and without diabetes separately. The review found that there was no evidence that ADP receptors prevent CVD in patients without diabetes. There were no data available from any of the trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for patients in the trials, or costs. The quality of the evidence was low.
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, one assessed a six-week treatment and one a three-month treatment. Six trials (151 participants) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Three trials (27 participants) compared non-vasive ventilation with oxygen or room air. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's primary outcomes (quality of life). Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that airway clearing may be easier with non-insvasive ventilation and people with cystic fibrosis may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that non- invasive ventilation increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. Three studies (27 people) evaluated the effect of non-intvasive ventilation on quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing. Results for these secondary outcomes show that they measured lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference, and nocturnal transcutaneous carbon dioxide. One trial (13 people) compared the effect on exercise capacity of non non-intervention ventilation with no non-Invasive ventilation. The trial found no clear differences between non-incvasive ventilation compared to no non invasive ventilation for any of our outcomes. Three trial (27 adults) evaluated night-time support with non non ventilation for overnight ventilatory support compared to oxygen or air. Results showed that non invasive support was better than oxygen or oxygen therapy alone for exercise performance. One study (13 adults) reported that one participant could not tolerate an increase in inspiratory positive airway pressure. A second trial evaluating non-innvasive ventilation in this setting reported that people did not tolerate the non-implantable ventilation mask, one participant developed a pneumothorax when breathing room air and two participants experienced
We searched for studies that compared NIPPV with nocturnal-NIPPV in people with COPD. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. The seven studies involved 245 people. The mean age of the participants was between 65 and 74 years. The average age of participants was around 70 years. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of NIPPVs on lung function, exercise tolerance, quality of life, lung function or sleep efficiency. The evidence is current to January 2015. The results of the seven studies did not show that NIPPVS had any effect on lung functions, exercise capacity, quality-of-life, lung strength or sleep. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The included studies were small and the results were inconclusive.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia and Canada. The induction of labour did not appear to alter the rate of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of the labour on the risk of caeesareans or instrumental deliveries. There were no clear differences between groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was also no clear difference between groups in measures of neonatal asphyxia (low blood oxygen levels in the lungs), low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven), low arterial cord blood pH (low-quality information), or low birthweight babies. The babies born to women who had been induced had lower birthweight, fewer birth fractures and shoulder dystocia (low quality evidence). The babies who had induction of their labour had lower mean birthweight but there was considerable variation between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the induction group. The women who were induced had more perineals (worsening of the perineum) and more bruising on the perinaum (wounds) in the group receiving induction. The results of this review suggest that to prevent one fracture in 60 women, induction of induction would be necessary. Induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia has not been shown to alter brachia plexis injury, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. Also, antenatal estimates of fetal weight are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed. Nevertheless, induction results in a lower mean birthsweight, and fewer birth fracture and shoulder fracture events. The
We searched for randomised clinical trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of several treatment groups) that compared vitamin D with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment in people with cancer or other chronic diseases. We found 56 randomised trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The remaining eight trials randomly allocated 795 participants with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in 19 trials had vitamin D adequacy (at or above 20 ng/mL). Participants in the remaining 26 trials had insufficient vitamin D insufficiency (less than 20 ng or more than that needed to maintain normal blood levels). Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together. Vitamin 3 seemed to decrease mortality in people living in hospitals and in institutions. Vitamin 2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. Vitamin 1, calcium and vitamin D did not affect mortality, but calcium and calcriol increased the risk of kidney disease. Vitamin 4, calcium, vitamin D2 and calcio-dilute (diluted vitamin D) increased the risks of kidney diseases. The risk of death was reduced in people receiving vitamin D3, calcium or vitamin D alone. Vitamin 5, calcium alone or in combination with vitamin D decreased the risk for people with kidney disease and cancer. Vitamin 6, calcium plus vitamin
This review of trials found that fluoxetine, orlistat, orboth, and sibutramine can achieve weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common with orlist at; tremor, somnolence and sweating with fluoxets; and palpitations with sibutsramine. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, were available on other drugs and a significant decrease in weight was noted in three studies of mazindol, one of phenmetrazine, and two of phentermine. No studies were identified that fit inclusion criteria for pseudoephedrine, ephedra, sertraline, yohimbine, amphetamine or its derivatives, bupropion, topiramate, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, sibraline and bromocriptine.
We searched for studies that compared VGB with CBZ in people with epilepsy. We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. The duration of treatment ranged from one to six months. The review authors found that VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness than CBZ. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. However, results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. No significant differences were observed between VGB and CBZ for time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did not show a difference in time to seizure onset. The authors concluded that VGT should not be considered a first-line treatment for epilepsy and should not cause any harm. However it should be noted that VTB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared plerixafor to placebo or no treatment in people with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these trials were completed but did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple or non Hodgkin lymph cancer. In both studies the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerizafor and the control group received a G-Cochrane G-Cell Activator plus placebo. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found no evidence for differences between plerxafor plus G-CCA and placebo group in terms of survival at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection. The results of the analysed data suggest that additional pleraxafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether additional plezafor affects survival or adverse events. None of the trials reported on quality of life and progression-free survival. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcome successful stem cell collect and high for successful stem Cell Collection. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of pleroxafor, were published several times. Two more RCTs examining the addition of pleazafor to a GCSF mobilisation regimen terminated early without publishing any outcome. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCT results, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cones and comparison treatments. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. Cones were better than no active treatment, but the confidence intervals were wide. There was little evidence of difference for a subjective cure between cones and PFMT, or between cones plus electrostimulation and electrostimation, but there was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at economic outcomes. Seven of the included trials recruited women with symptoms of incontinence, while the others required women with urodynamic stress (pressure in the urethra). There was not much evidence to support that weighted vaginal cones are better than PFMT and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed. Cone could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them acceptable. This review provides some evidence that weighted pelvic floor muscle relaxants (CPAs), or cones plus PCM, are better in women with SUI and may provide similar effectiveness as PFMT or electrostimotherapy. Concenation is not recommended as a routine treatment for SUI.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of interventions to improve anticoagulation control in AF patients. We included studies that assessed the effects on TTR in AF participants receiving OAT. We found eleven studies with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study). Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. The evidence is current to August 2015. We did not find any studies that examined the effects that assessed interventions to reduce TTR. We assessed the quality of the evidence as very low. We were unable to draw any conclusions regarding the impact of interventions on TT in AF. We identified no studies that evaluated interventions to increase anticoaemia control in patients with OAT, but we found that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding whether interventions to help patients to control their blood pressure and to reduce their TTR are effective. More research is needed to examine the impact on TTS in AF and to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
This review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, but the effect on improving outcomes for the mother and baby is uncertain. The review also found that PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as effective as each other, although small differences are detected between some outcomes, but these may be due to chance.
This review of five trials, involving 247 infants, found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has similar effects to incubator care with regard to temperature control and weight gain. In the cotnursed infants, fewer infants were breast fed on discharge from hospital and fewer infants died prior to hospital discharge but these results failed to reach statistical significance. The comparison of cot nursing with warming of the nursery resulted in statistically significantly smaller weight gain during week one compared to the incubator group in one trial that involved 38 infants. However, no significant difference was found for weeks two and three. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further using randomised controlled trials. This is especially the case in developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold-chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques (low to very low-quality data). Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review; however we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three trials, involving 244 women. The trials were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 women and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 women at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The studies were considered at high-risk of bias and the evidence is up to date as of May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2014 and the review found that prostaglandsins did not reduce the need for manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion or the time from injection to placental removal. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglanins. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants. The studies were conducted in the 1970s and included infants born before term. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced risk of treatment failure and death in preterm infants with respiratory distress. We also found that CDP is associated to lower risk of death and use of assisted ventilation in infants with birth weight above 1500 g. We did not find any difference in the risk of lung injury. We identified no new studies for this update. We are uncertain whether CDP should be used in pre term infants with breathing problems. We recommend that further research is conducted to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. Two studies compared foam dressings with basic wound contact dressings and found no difference in ulcer healing. There was no difference between foam dressers and hydrocolloid dressings in the number of diabetic foot ulcers healed. There were no differences between foam and alginate dressings. There is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcer in people with diabetes than other types of dressing. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. The trials showed that surgical intervention resulted in better pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function than endoscopic treatment. The surgical intervention also resulted in improved quality of life and improved preservation of exocrine pancreatic functions at middle/long-term follow-up. No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgery group and 15 in the conservative group. This trial showed that surgery resulted in a higher percentage of participants with pain relief, and better survival of pancreati. The trial had methodological limitations, and the number was relatively small. For patients with obstructive chronic pancreatitis and dilated pancreatic duct, this review shows that surgery is superior to endoscopy in terms pain relief. The small trials identified do not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome. Regarding the comparison of surgical intervention versus conservative treatment, this has shown that surgical treatment in an early stage of chronic pancreatic pancreatitis is a promising approach in terms and preservation of the function of the pancreatic glands. Other trials need to confirm these results because of the methodological limitations and limited number of patients assessed in the present evidence.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared early versus delayed post-operative showering or bathing. We found only one trial that met our inclusion criteria. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The trial compared early (before the skin had been cut and sutured) versus delayed (after the skin was suturized) post-operatively. The participants were randomised to either early (showering and bathing before the skin is cut and sealed) or delayed (sham) bathing after the skin has been cut. The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection. There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of patients who developed surgical site infections between the two groups. The proportions of patients with surgical site incisions were 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8% in both groups. There is currently no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus late post-operation showering and/or bathing for the prevention of wound complications. Further randomised studies are needed to compare early versus later postoperative showerings or bathing for skin excisions.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The trial did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The RCT did not report side effects in detail, but one prednisoner-treated participant died. The quality of evidence was very low. The study did not show any difference between the two treatments in the number of people who achieved remission, or in the change in disability or impairment after one year. The results of the trial were inconclusive. A second trial comparing daily standard-dose oral prednosolone with monthly high-dose dexamethasone in 40 people reported no of the outcomes that we had planned for this review. This trial had a low risk of bias, but the quality of the evidence was limited as it came from a single small study. The review found that corticosteroids are beneficial in the short term, but long-term use can lead to serious side effects. The efficacy of high-dose monthly oral dexametasone is probably little different from that of daily standard dose oral prednasolone. Most side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups, but with high- dose monthly oral prednaethason moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) is probably less common and sleeplessness may be less common than with oral prednnisolone, and we need further research to identify factors that predict response. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral predniotherapy compared with no medication because the quality from the only included in the trial was very poor. Nevertheless, corticostoids are commonly used in practice, supported by very low-quality evidence from observational studies. We also know from observational trials that cortics carry the long-lasting risk of serious side side effects, and that they can cause serious harm.
We searched for studies that compared remote asthma check-ups with face-to-face check-up. We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote check- ups with face to-face visits and one study compared the two types of check-ins. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up needed oral steroids for an asthma attack than those who were seen face- to-mouth because the studies were too small and the results were imprecise. We also could not tell whether remote check ups were better than face-based check-ings because the results of the studies could not be blinded. We did not find any evidence that remote checkups were better or worse than face to face check-outs for asthma attacks. We were not able to tell whether or not remote asthma checks are better or worst than face checkings because there were too few studies. We do not know whether remote asthma tests are better than those that are done face-on. We are not sure whether remote checks are any better or bad for asthma control or quality of life because the quality of the evidence was low. We can tell that remote asthma care is no better or no worse than being seen face toface, but we are less confident because the people in the studies knew which group they were in. We cannot be sure whether or worse people who have a remote asthma test will be better or have worse asthma attacks because the study participants knew which treatment they were getting. We have not found any evidence to show whether remote or face-top visits are better for asthma. We need more studies to answer this question.
This review of 16 studies, which included 212 participants, found no evidence that exercise therapy improves functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity or pain. The results of the review suggest that exercise does not worsen arthritis. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the adverse effects of exercise therapy; no short-term detrimental effects of the exercise therapy were found in any study. The lack of evidence about the long-term effects of exercising for patients with JIA is a major limitation of this review.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpatients and outpatients, but these effects are small and inconsistent. The effects of antibiotics on treatment failure are uncertain. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failures. The trial also showed that antibiotics reduced the risk of treatment failure and length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes treatment failure, length of stay in hospital, and death. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome of death. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk for treatment failure in patients with severe exacerbations. The available evidence does not show that antibiotics are beneficial for patients with moderate to severe exacerbation. The results of this review are uncertain because the effects of antibiotic treatment on treatment failed outcomes are inconsistent and the results of other outcomes are not consistent. The studies included in this review did not show any significant effect of antibiotics for adverse events. The included studies did not report on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms. The limited evidence available does not support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of people with acute exacerbations and out-patients. The review found that there is no evidence that antibiotic treatment reduces the risk that people with severe acute exacerbation have a recurrence of their condition. The findings of this systematic review are consistent with the results from other Cochrane reviews.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) comparing whole grain diets to lower whole grain or refined grain diets. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain dietary interventions on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported the effects of whole-grain diets on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. Overall, we found no difference between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors such as blood lipid and blood blood pressure, and the overall quality of the evidence was low. Trials were at unclear or risk of high risk or high-risk of bias with small sample sizes and relatively short-term interventions, and there is a need for well-designed, adequately powered RCTS with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review of trials found that there is limited evidence that early movement of the ankle (before surgery) can improve the range of motion of the affected foot. There is also limited evidence to support the use of a removable type of immobilisation to allow exercise during the immobilisation period after surgery. There was little evidence that any type of support or immobilisation was the best. There were no trials that investigated stretching, manual therapy or exercise. There are no trials investigating the use or lack of effect of different types of support and immobilisation. There may be some evidence that some types of electrotherapy modalities may be beneficial. There should be more research in this area.
This review of four studies found that home-based nursing programmes have the potential to improve adherence to ART medication. Two interventions, an LPV/r regimen and peer support group therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, yet demonstrated greater viral load suppression compared to control groups, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. A second non-randomised trial found that the percentage of children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/R) regimen and children on an NNRTI-containing regimen. However, the proportion of children achieved virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LPV regimen than for children receiving the NNNRTi regimen. A home-home nursing programme has the potential for improving ART adherence, but more evidence is needed. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes.
This review found five studies (696 participants) that compared oral fenoprofen 200 mg with placebo (a pretend medicine) for moderate to severe acute postoperative pain. The results showed that oral fensiproen 200 mg is an effective treatment for moderate-to-severe acute postoperatively induced pain. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. There was no difference in numbers of people experiencing any side effects between fenopa-200 mg and placebo. No serious side effects or people withdrawing from the studies due to side effects were reported.
This review included six trials, which included 857 women. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857) and two trials included women having surgery for prolapses and compared PFM to surgery alone (n > 118). The trials were small and had a significant risk of bias. The largest trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Two out of three trials which assessed urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups in favour of the PFM group. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency and worry about symptoms in the group compared with the control. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the PFMS group in terms stronger muscles. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no change in symptom score change between groups, whilst another found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the control groups compared to those in the intervention group. There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of PFMT for prolapause symptoms and severity. The results of this review are based on six trials. The evidence relating to effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of PFM, of different intensities, for symptomatic prolapse in the medium and long term is needed. A large trial of PFMWT supplementing surgery is needed to give clear evidence
This review of trials found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear CSOM better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics, but the effects of quinolinone antibiotics on other treatments are less clear. Studies were also inconclusive regarding any differences between quinolate antibiotics and non-quinolone antibiotic treatments, although indirect comparisons suggest a benefit of topical quinsolones cannot be ruled out. Further trials should clarify non-equivalent effects of non-aquinolones, assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include further safety assessments, particularly to clarify the risks of ototoxicity and whether quinoleons may result in fewer adverse events than other topical treatments.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS correctly identified people with schizophrenia from all other diagnoses with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%) and a specificity of 81.4%. In seven studies, it correctly identified schizophrenia from non-psychotic mental health disorders with a specificity (61.8% (51.7% to 71%) and in sixteen studies, the test correctly identified psychosis from other types of psychosis with a range of 58% (49.3% to 65.3%). The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Again, with a sensitisation of 60%, reliance on FRS for triage of people with suspected schizophrenia will not correctly diagnose around 40% of people that specialists will consider to have schizophrenia. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will think to have psychosis, could be prematurely discharged from care if triage relies on the presence of Frs to diagnose them as having psychosis. Empathetic, considerate use of the FRS should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - to include in future reviews - will show better results. However, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available - a situation which applies to the initial screening of most people with suspicion of schizophrenia. FRS remain a simple, quick and useful
We searched for studies up to January 2017. We included 10 studies that compared educational and psychological interventions with no intervention or with other treatments for children with eczema. We found 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update. The studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational studies and 44 participants in one psychological study. The evidence is current to January 2016. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. The other studies were of mixed quality. The results of the studies were not consistent. The review found that there is limited evidence that educational and psychosocial interventions can improve eczematological symptoms and quality of the life of children with atopic eczma. However, there is some evidence that these interventions may lead to improvements in eczemia severity and quality. There is no evidence that psychological interventions are effective in improving sleep. The quality of evidence for the effects of educational and psychoeducation interventions on eczemic symptoms and on quality of living was low. The included studies were generally of poor quality. We judged four studies to have high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions. The educational studies in both the original review and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original study.
This review of trials found that HBOT may be beneficial for people with LRTI affecting tissues of the head, neck, anus and rectum. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of developing ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. There was no evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. There were no trials that reported on the use of HBOT to treat other manifestations of LRTIs. These small trials suggest that for people who have LRTInsecticide-resistant tissue, HBOT is associated with improved outcome. HBot may be justified for selected participants and tissues. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy. An economic evaluation should be undertaken.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to the use sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. The evidence is current to August 2014. The use of sharp needles resulted in one glove perforation in every six operations. The risk of one glove being perforated was reduced by 46% in the sharp needle group compared to blunt needles. The number of needle stick injuries was reduced in the blunt needle group by 31% compared to sharp needles, but the use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was rated by the review authors as high. There is high quality evidence that the use blunt needles appreciably reduces the risk of exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised controlled trials involving 422 participants. The trials compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between triflunoperazine and low-head antipsychotics. However, trifflunopride produced more movement disorders. There was also no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. There were no significant differences in numbers with at least one adverse effect (trifluopride 60%, low-drugs 38%, moderate quality evidence). However, at least at least movement disorders were more frequent in the triffluoperazine group (trflunopaazine 23%, low drug 13%, moderate-quality evidence). There was no significant change in the number of people who were unable to walk or talk (compared to the low-deputy antipsychotropic drugs) and who were incoordinated (comparing the low drug with the high-depressant drug 5%, moderate/very low quality evidence), rigor (compare the low drugs with 45%, low drugs 10%, moderate or low quality of evidence) and death (compaled to the high dose drug). No data were available for other outcomes of interest death, sedation and quality of life. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low, the quality of studies was poor. More, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of trifplunopazine and the low dose antipsychopaies.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants in total. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from feeding tube to oral feeding. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain (MD −1.36, 95% CI −2.44 to −0.29 g/kg/day), and provide some evidence that responsive feeds reduce the time taken for infants to transition from feeding via tube to feeding via mouth (MD 5.53, 95%, 95%CI −6.80 to −4.25 days). The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong or consistently evidence that responding to feeding and feeding cues improves outcomes for infants or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists that infants fed in response to feeding cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included studies. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding of infants in pre term is important for other important outcomes.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants. One trial with a combined total of 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo and in participants receiving 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) compared with a placebo. A second trial with 18 participants showed no difference (P non-significant) in ABI in participants taking a multivitamin B supplement compared with the placebo. No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies that compared different types of financial incentives for dental care. One study compared the impact of capitation payments with fee-for-service payments and found that the capitation system resulted in an increase in clinical activity in the group receiving a fee- for-service payment. However, the study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The second study compared capitation with fee for service payments and compared the effect of capitations on primary care dentists’ clinical activity. The study found that capitation resulted in a decrease in clinical activities and a decrease of preventive advice. However the study did not report data on health service utilisation or patient outcomes. The authors reported that the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods was not clear. The studies were of low/very low quality. The evidence is up to date to September 2014.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were generally at low risk of bias. The review found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (14% relative reduction in the number of babies with low birthweight). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies that were born too early or had low birthweights. No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were found between the groups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birth weights, and was low for stillbirth or neonate death and birthweight. The included trials were mostly of low income women and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared probiotics with antifungal drugs. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The evidence is current to January 2016. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month but did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. Probotic use did increase the rate for the occurrence of serious adverse events but did no increase the number of serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries, while four trials were in upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey; and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a lower-middle-income country. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included only the subgroup of participants who met the criteria for the review and we combined the results of the trials. The evidence is current to September 2014. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in reducing the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if treatment of women with threatened miscarriage with progestogen compared to placebo or no treatment has any effect on the rate for congenital abnormalities because the quality of the evidence is very low. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of women and the wide range of confidence intervals for some outcomes.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) on the use of laser photocoagulation in diabetic retinopathy. We found five studies that met our inclusion criteria. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. The majority of participants in four of these studies were people with proliferative diabetic retenopathy; one study recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinitis pigmentosa. Four of the studies evaluated panretinal photocoage with argon laser and one study investigated selective photocogeulation of non-perfusion areas. Three of the five studies compared laser photocaputaneous photocooperation with no treatment and two studies compared treatment with deferred laser treatment. All studies were at risk of bias because the treatment and control were different and no study attempted to produce a sham treatment. Three trials were considered to be at risk for attrition bias. At 12 months there was little difference between eyes that received laser phototherapy and those that received no treatment in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity. Longer term follow-up did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% reduction in risk of loss in vision at five years with laser treatment compared to no treatment. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic retinaopathy with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction of progression of progression to diabetic retinal scarring and a similar reduction in the risk of vitreous haemorrhage. None of the included studies reported near visual acision or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. We did not plan any subgroup analyses, but there was a difference in baseline risk in participants with non proliferative
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%). The average age of the participants was 65 years. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 1990. The findings of this review indicate that CPAP or bilevel NPPV is an effective and safe intervention for the treatment of adults with respiratory failure following upper abdominal surgical procedures. However, the quality of the evidence was low or very low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing pain relief were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief was used to measure it. The trials were conducted in the USA, and included women of all ages. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). With regard to the primary outcomes, women receiving diazepamate for forceps delivery in one small trial were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective compared with women receiving vinyana-ether. In a further small trial, no significant difference was seen in the number of women judging their pain reduction as effective when diazepram was compared with ketamine. In the trial that compared spinal pain relief to pUDendal nerves block, women were more satisfied with their pain control and were less likely to report severe pain during forceps birth. No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity. In terms of secondary outcomes, diazepapine compared with vinyanether, women received diazepamic acidosis compared with vomiting. No significant differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). There is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain reduction for forcep delivery. Neonatal outcomes have largely not been evaluated.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in quality-of-life and symptoms, but the results were not statistically significant. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage. No serious adverse events were reported, but data on this outcome was limited. We need more studies with larger numbers of participants and high methodological and reporting quality to confirm the effects of exercise-based yoga for asthma.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the trials did not provide enough information to allow us to assess the effects of the treatments. We found moderate-quality evidence that interferon beta-1a and methotrexate did not slow the progression of IBM. We also found moderate quality evidence that methotroxate did have no effect on the progression. We were unable to draw conclusions from trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, and AZA plus MTX versus MTX. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments included in this review were effective. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as providing very low-quality information in relation to the primary outcome measure. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for the following reasons: 1. The trials were not adequately powered to detect a treatment effect. 2. None of the studies included enough participants to detect an effect. 3. The studies were too small to detect any significant effects. 4. The included trials were too short to detect effects. 5. The quality of evidence was very low.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. The trials compared linezolid with vancomycin for treating SSTIs caused by MRSA. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The average age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The duration of treatment with linezolide was between three days and six months. The results showed that linezodolid was more effective than vancomedine for treating people with SSTI infections caused by the bacteria MRSA, but the difference was small. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between linezolate and vancomydine. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the linezole group compared with the vancomiedine group. However, more people reported thrombocytopenia (a type of thromboembolism) and nausea when treated with lineZolid. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the group treated with oral linezolly than with vanzolid. There is no evidence that lineZolide is more effective in treating S STIs caused in adults than vanzole. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezoled. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. The quality of the evidence was low. The included trials were of poor methodological quality and the outcomes measured were not well defined. The authors of this review recommend that future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
This review of six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants found that calcium channel blockers may have a beneficial effect in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of one of several treatment groups) with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be at a relatively high risk. The evidence is current to August 2016. The trials compared immediate defibrillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrillation with a defibrilator. The results of the trials were inconclusive. The survival to hospital discharge was not significantly different between the two groups. The neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year were not significantly affected by either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment, and we were unable to determine whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We have also been unable to conclude whether either approach provides any degree of superior in OH CA. We suggest that further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis, should be conducted.
This review found three randomised controlled trials that compared GnRHa long protocol with GnRH antagonist therapy. The trials were of low quality and did not report live birth rates. The number of oocytes retrieved was significantly less in the GnRH long protocol compared to the stop protocol and GnRH antagonists protocol. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was significantly higher in the group receiving GnRHA long protocol. Cancellation rates were significantly higher with GnRha flare up compared to GnR haemorrhage long protocol group. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for the control or suppression of the pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF. More robust data from good quality randomised trials are needed.
This review of 53 randomised controlled trials found that family intervention may reduce the frequency of relapse events and hospitalisations and encourage compliance with medication. Family intervention may also reduce hospital admission and encourage medication compliance. Family interventions may also improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. We did not find data to suggest that family interventions either prevent or promote suicide. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
We searched for studies that compared drug-eluting balloons with uncoated balloon angioplasty (a balloon that has no drug-enrolling agent) or with a balloon angiography (a device that uses a special camera to look inside the balloon to look at the angiograph). We found three trials that randomized a total of 263 participants. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-elevating balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. Two companies manufactured the drugelevation balloons (Eurocor, Bonn, Germany; Medtronic, Fridley, Minnesota, USA). The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. The trials showed no clear differences in the incidence of amputation between the two groups. The certainty of evidence presented was very low for the outcomes of amputations, target lesion revascularization, binary restenosis, death, and improvement of one or more Rutherford categories. The evidence suggests that drug-enhancing balloons may be better than uncoating balloon angio-angioplasts for anatomical endpoints such as target lesions and binary restensosis, and for one clinical endpoint - improvement in Rutherford category post intervention for up to 24 months. However, the certainty of the evidence presented is very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We found seven trials that compared the effects of steroids in children with KD. These trials included 922 participants. The trials were conducted in Asia, the USA, Europe, Australia, and the UK. The duration of treatment ranged from one to 12 weeks. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities and the time taken for laboratory tests to normalise. Corticosteroid treatment also reduced the duration of fever, the time for laboratory parameters to normalize and the length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was considered high for the incidence of serious adverse events, mortality and time for the laboratory tests (e.g. ESR and CRP) to normalify. Evidence was considered moderate for the duration (duration of clinical symptoms) of clinical symptom severity due to potential subjectivity in measurement. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Evidence showed that cortics reduced the incidence and duration of coronary problems and reduced the inflammatory markers (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels). Evidence was of moderate quality for the occurrence of serious side effects, mortality, and time to normalisation of laboratory tests. Evidence for the reduction in the incidence (duration) of fever and the duration for clinical symptoms was of high quality. Evidence of moderate-quality evidence shows that cortically administered steroids can be associated with improved coronary artery problems, shorter duration of hospital stays and a decreased duration of clinical pain. Evidence is of moderate to high quality for adverse effects. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality or long-term coronary morbidity. Certain groups, including those based in Asia and those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Four of these studies compared another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). Two studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that PIP is effective in improving parent-child relationship and in improving the attachment of children and parents. We also found that it is more effective than alternative treatment for parent mental health, behaviour and development of children. We did not find any evidence that PIMP improved the number of children who experienced parental depression or parent-reported levels of depression. We were able to combine the results of 19 studies comparing PIP versus control groups for the outcomes of parental depression, parent-infant interaction, infant attachment, and change in attachment. We could not find evidence that any of the outcomes were improved by PIP compared with alternative treatment. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. This was because the studies were small and involved relatively few participants. We judged the quality to be low or low for the following outcomes: parental depression and secure or disorganised infant attachment. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the study design and execution were not well described.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia with giving oxygen to the mother alone. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials included 753 women in total. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States. The average age of the women was 37 weeks and the average gestational age of their babies was 37.5 weeks. The women were followed up for between one and five minutes after the caesarian section. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The low quality evidence showed no significant differences in Apgar scores at one minute and at five minutes between the two groups. None of the 11 trials reported maternal desaturation. The very low quality of evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation, maternal oxygen pressure in the blood, maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in blood), maternal umbilical arterial blood and UaPO2 (foetal umbilico-oral blood). There was high variability among the outcomes. A subgroup analysis showed no difference in Ua PO2 between the low-risk studies in low- risk studies, whereas the high-risk trials showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. Overall, we found no convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to pregnant women in the first stage of labour during electively caesar section under anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar score. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of this evidence.
We included twelve studies with 2196 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, and Italy. The evidence is current to April 2011. We found that reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken by 11% in four studies. We also found that reminders increased the number of pills users took by 11%. We found no evidence that reminder packing reduced systolic blood pressure. We did not find evidence that reminders reduced blood pressure by any other measure. We extracted data from two studies that looked at blood pressure measurements. We were able to combine the results of these two studies and found that the use of reminder packaging improved blood pressure in patients with diabetes. We could not combine the data from the other two studies because they were too different from each other. We are uncertain whether reminder packaging is effective in improving adherence to medication. We cannot be certain that reminder packs are safe because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We recommend that further research is done to improve the design and targeting of reminder packs.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative complications. The trimetidine group had a significantly shorter hospital stay than control. There was no significant difference in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. Methylprednisolate, methylprednisole, and dextrexate may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high risk to bias. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice. However, there is a high risk for type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of the trial design. The review authors recommend that further randomised clinical trials are conducted to assess the effects of these medications.
We searched for studies that compared the risk of kidney disease in people with cancer to the risk factors for kidney disease. We included studies that assessed the risk factor for kidney dysfunction, and looked at the risk for kidney damage, and the risk associated with the treatment. We found 61 studies, which included 13,327 participants. The studies were of varied quality. The majority of studies were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s, and included people with a variety of cancers. The evidence is current to January 2017. The 52 studies evaluating the prevalence of renal dysfunction included 13.327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The risk of adverse renal effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to diversity of included malignancies, received treatments, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. Seven out of 52 studies, including 244 participants, reported the prevalence for chronic kidney disease, which ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of these 52 studies (including at least 432 participants), 36 studied a decreased (estimated) blood pressure, including at least 36 participants with kidney disease and at least 74.7% with kidney function testing, and found it was present in 0% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies, assessing a total cohort of CCS, found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide as risk factors. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer follow- up period with glomerul dysfunction. Twenty-two out of the 52 studies studied proteinuria, which was present among 3.5% to 82.6% of the participants. Four out of these studies, with 128 participants, assessed the
We identified two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® (Cajanus cajan). The single trial of Cajanus® reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level of anaemia. The single Cajanian® trial reported a benefit to people with painful crisis, and no serious adverse effects were reported. The quality of the evidence was low for both trials. The results of the single trial for Nipri® suggest that Nipristis® may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cell disease. This needs to be further validated in future trials. Currently no conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of Cikavlavit®, based on the published results for NIPrisan®, and in view of the limitations in data collection and analysis of both trials, phytologines may have potential beneficial effects in reducing pain crises in people with sickle cells. This need to be validated in further trials.
We searched for evidence on 30 June 2016 and found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (chema-drug therapy) in individuals with HL and negative PET scans. The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based treatment or standard treatment. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. To date, data have been published for the PET- negative arms only, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials, 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET-less or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET- adapteded therapy and two in participants who received standard therapy. Progression-free survival was shorter in participants with PET adapted therapy (without radiotherapy), and in those receiving standard treatment with radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy (PET-adaptive therapy) versus radiotherapy and in participants in the PET group receiving chemotherapy but no radiotherapy versus standard radiotherapy, and in comparisons in those who received chemotherapy but radiotherapy but no additional treatment versus standard treatment, and those receiving chemotherapy plus radiotherapies. Short-term adverse events only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. Todate, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life, or short- and long-lasting adverse events are available. However, this systematic review found moderate-quality evidence
We found 31 randomised controlled trials that compared different hormonal contraceptives in women without diabetes. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences from levonorgestrel COC were inconsistent. A meta-analysis of two studies showed the desoggestrel-based COC group had a higher mean fasting glucose (MD 0.20; 95% CI 0.00 to 0.41). Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower mean fasting blood glucose (0.40; 95%) and higher means for two-hour glucose response (MD 1.08; 95%, CI 0.45 to 1.71) and insulin area under the curve (AUC) (MD 20.30; 95%), and insulin glucose response and glucose two- hour response (Auc) (20.30, 95%CI 4.24 to 36.36). Three trials examined the etonogestre vaginal ring and one examined an etonoglobulin implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the levonergestrel group. Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five compared COC and three compared injectables. In a COC trial, a noreTHisterone group had smaller mean change in glucose two hour response than a levonogestres-containing group. In an injectable study, a group using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had higher means than the group using norethsisterone enanthate for fasting glucose, glucose two hours, and fasting insulin (MD 17.00; 95%). Among five recent trials,
We found 10 studies that compared land-based therapeutic exercise programmes with no exercise to treat hip OA. Nine of the 10 studies were conducted in the USA and one study was conducted in Australia. The 10 studies included 579 participants. The results of these 10 studies showed that exercise can reduce pain and improve physical function among people with symptomatic hip OAs. The improvement in pain was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment. Pain and physical function were estimated to be 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) in the control group; exercise reduced pain by an equivalent of 8 points (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 11 points) and improved physical function by an equal number of points (NNTB) 6). Only three small studies evaluated quality of life, with overall low quality evidence, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. Quality of life was estimated to range from 50 points on average in the general population to 50 points in the group of people who received exercise. Moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 participants) indicated an increased likelihood of withdrawal from the exercise allocation (event rate 6%) compared with the control groups, but this difference was not significant. Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. The reduction in pain and improvement in physical function was sustained after cessation of exercise. Pain was estimated as 29 points (0.0 to 100 points) in people with hip OAS in the exercise group and pain was 24 points in people who did not exercise. The quality of the evidence was low for pain intensity and physical functions. The evidence was up to date as of April 2015. The overall, the quality of evidence was moderate for pain and physical functioning, but low for quality oflife. The main limitations of the review were that the results may be vulnerable to bias
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. The results of the present review suggest that exercise can be helpful for patients not experiencing exacerbations. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups.
We found only one trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) with delayed laparoscopy (4.2 months after diagnosis). The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants). The participants were randomised to early laparaoscopic chlelecystsectomy (4 months after the diagnosis) or delayed laparaoscopy. The trial had a high risk of bias. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. There were no deaths in the early lapareoscopic cholemectomy group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed laparectomy group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. There was a significant reduction in the number of people who developed complications during the waiting period (1/28 (0%), which was significantly lower than in the late laparoscope group (22.5%). The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema of the gallbladder (n=1), gallbladders perforation (n°1), acute cholecitis (a condition in which the gallstones are exposed to the gall, gallblad, or bile), acute cholangitis (in which the bile is exposed to a bright light), obstructive jaundice (in where the yellow light is blocked), and recurrent biliary colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the earlier group as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours in the later group. The proportion of people requiring conversion to open cholectomy was 0/28 in the first group (9/40) compared with 9/40 in the second group (17.1%). There was an overall shorter
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with short-term antibiotics. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Overall, long-time antibiotic proclylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI (plausible effects range between a 76% to a 0.26% relative reduction in SSI with long-duration antibiotic prophyclaxis) compared with short term antibiotic proprophylactic antibiotics (moderate-quality evidence). There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-duration antibiotics compared with a single dose (low-quality data). No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of these studies assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. For people undergoing surgery for orthognathic surgery, long term antibiotic pre-operative prophyleaxis decreases the risk for SSI compared with the risk with a short-time dose of antibiotics and the is uncertainty of whether the risk decreases when a single pre-operative dose of prophyactic antibiotics is used. The quality of evidence for our outcomes was moderate. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of the evidence for all outcomes.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women, comparing the two policies. The study was small and the number of women included in the study was too small to detect any differences between the two groups. The review found no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis. The trial was too short to detect clinically important differences between these two policies, but the review found that there was a trend towards spontaneous preterm births in pregnancies complicated by gastroschaemic syndrome. The included study did not report any other important outcomes for women or their babies. The evidence is current to September 2014.
We found three studies in adults with cancer, lasting up to one week. All three studies used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). Other non-paracetamolic drugs included non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics. We found no studies in children. The studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and small size. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with no worse than mild pain at the end of the treatment period; or participants with a Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference between paracetamic acid and placebo when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetamate being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other adverse events and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. The quality of the evidence was very low. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of par acetamol alone or in combination with opioids for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. It is not clear whether any additional analgesic benefit of parapeamol could be detected in the available studies, in view of the doses of opioids used.
This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there is not enough evidence to confidently inform clinical practice. The trials were of poor quality and the results were imprecise. The review found that astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin and oryzanol were the most commonly evaluated drugs. The Chinese medicine suo quo wan (comprises spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) showed benefit over doxapin in terms of 'no clinically important change'. The Chinese herbal medicine sua wan showed benefit compared to doxopin. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. The results of the trials were impracticable and the quality of the evidence was poor.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 195 participants with MS. Two trials investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three trials investigated expiratory muscle-training with a resistive threshold device (a device that increases the amount of air that can be pumped out of the muscle); and one trial investigated regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. We pooled and analyzed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expirate muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. Compared to no active control, inspiratory muscles training resulted in no significant difference in maximal inspiratory pressure (mean difference (MD) 6.50 cmH2O, 95% confidence interval (CI) −7.39 to 20.38, P = 0.36, I2 = 0%) or maximal expiratories pressure (MD −8.22 cmH 2O,95% CI −26.20 to 9.77, P < 0.37, I 2 = 0%), but there was a significant benefit on the predicted maximal inspiratories pressure of 20.92 cmH²O (MD 20.2 cmH22O, 90% CI 6.03 to 35.81, P= 0.006, I = 0). Meta-analysis with a random-effects model failed to show a significant difference (mean 5.86 cmHIIO, 94% CI 5.63 to 22.35, P ≤ 0.49, I < 0) or maximal inspirators pressure ( MD 5.89 cmH < 0). These studies did not report outcomes for health-related quality of life. Three trials (n=137), comparing expirator muscle training versus no active controls or sham training, found no significant differences between groups with regard
This review identified one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication for treating ITP during pregnancy. This trial included 38 women (41 pregnancies) and 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. The trial did not provide evidence about other medical treatments for ITP. The evidence is current to September 2014. The RCT did not show that betametasone reduced the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia or neonatal bleeding in ITP, but did not reduce the risk for the mother or baby. The results of this review do not provide any evidence about the effects of betametsone on other medical treatment for ITB during pregnancy, and further trials are needed to determine the benefits and harms of betamysterectomy for IT.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus before the operation and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so we could not assess if the results from this study had affected the overall results of the review. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. A single case of graft failure in a penetrating keratinoplasty was reported. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. Instances of graft rejection were reported, in both groups, in the studies. The majority of these cases were successfully treated with steroids. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK. Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% confidence interval (CI) suggesting an imprecise estimate, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another with regards for graft
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Denmark and the UK. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). The evidence was of moderate quality. Women receiving iron were less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control. Women had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the time of intervention, and had a lower risk of iron deficiency compared to control. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Women taking iron had a reduced risk of anaemia compared to those receiving control, and were more likely to have a higher risk of haemodynamic measurements of haeoglobin concentration. Women who took iron were more prone to experiencing gastrointestinal side effects (such as abdominal pain, constipation, loose stools/diarrhoea, and abdominal pain). Women taking an iron supplement had an increased risk of having a hard stools or constipation compared to controls. Women in the control group had no evidence of an increased prevalence of nausea. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. The quality of the evidence was moderate for anaemia, and high for haemodynamics. The overall quality of evidence was high for iron supplementation.
This review identified five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The evidence is current to August 2014. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine over irinotspecine alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment setting study. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 and 4 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed as low to moderate quality. There was no reduction in all-cause mortality in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-free survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy (HR: 0). However, the quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression- free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment.
This review of trials found that a transverse incision is less likely to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia) and is less prone to rupture. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as the results of other trials have been reported and the results should be treated with caution. The surgical technique of the surgical operation is not yet known to be the best and the best surgical technique for abdominal surgery.
We included nine studies with a total of 9981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age of participants ranged from 33 to 351.7 years. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (participants and researchers were aware of the treatment they received). In four studies, participants were assigned to receive MBR or usual care. In the other four studies participants were allocated to receive either usual care or another type of treatment. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review found that people who received MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, and time away from work. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms that people could use their work-related outcomes, whereas effects for work- related outcomes were in the moderate range. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The included studies were of low to moderate quality. The main limitations of the available evidence were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. More high-quality studies are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. Bisphosphoates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression. Bisplatinates probably reduce the number and severity of bone metastatic disease progression and probably increase the number (and severity) of kidney problems. Bisosphonates probably increase nausea and renal problems. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response between bisphosphosonate and control regimen. Bisphalonates may have little or no effect on quality of life and pain. Bispalates probably have no effect in the number or severity of osteonecrosis of the jaw. Bisbalicylates probably cause kidney problems and may increase the risk of kidney damage. Bisphasicylate administration probably increases the risk and severity (in the kidney) of nausea and kidney problems in men. Bispelicylatase administration probably decreases the number, severity and severity and progression of bone cancer. These benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of renal problems and nausea in men receiving bisphatinates. Bispanicylatinate administration may be associated with increased risk and adverse events. Bishanicylata administration may have no impact on quality and pain in men who have bone metastasis from prostate cancers. Bisbanates probably do not cause any serious side effects. Bisplanicylated bisphophosphonas probably reduce bone metastasies and disease-related deaths. Bisphanicylatalization probably reduces the number with bone cancer progression.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in patients with FL. We included five RCTs involving 1093 patients. Four trials were in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapsed patients. The quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to have been open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias is uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We found a statistically significant increased PFS in previously treated patients in the HDT+ ASCT arm (HR = 0.42 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33 to 0.54; P < 0.00001). However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage (HR= 0.97; 95% CI 0.76 to 1.24; P = 0). The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to a statistically important PFS advantage in theHDT + AsCT arm. However, the effect is confirmed in a subgroup analysis (one study) adding rITuximabs to both treatment arms. For patients with relapsed FL, there is some evidence (one small trial, N = 70) that HDT plus ASCT is advantageous in terms of PFS and OS (PFS: 0.30; 95%, CI 0 to 0 to 1; OS: 0 to 2.40; HR = 0 to 3.61; OS = 0% CI 1
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the UK and the United States. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) and mental state when compared with other treatments. WDD also caused fewer side effects. When WDD + antipsychotic was compared to antipsychotics alone, the combination group had better global state and mental health. However when WDD is compared with antipsychoids alone, there was no effect on global or mental state, but WDD caused fewer adverse effects. The combination group also caused less weight gain. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of W DD for people with schizophrenia.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found three new studies (228 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We found 12 studies with 799 participants. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (moderate-quality results). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain at first day between multistingrand and thermoels. 3. Conventional NiTi versus su pererelactic NiTi arches. There are three studies in these group, and it is not appropriate for us to analyse them. We are unable to determine from these three studies to decide whether there are any differences between conventional and su perelastic niTi arch wire materials with regard to either alignment or pain (low to very low-quality data). 4. Con conventional NiTi vs thermoelaelastic ni ti arch wires There are two studies, but we are unable for us not to analyse these studies. There may be no difference in the pain at the first day of use between conventional Ni Ti and su pneumatic NiTi or between conventional or supelelastic Ni ti arch wire material. 5. Superelactic niTi versus single-strand supelastic ni Ti. There
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one study that met our inclusion criteria. This study included 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study was conducted in 16 nursing homes in France. The participants were followed up for three months. The results of the study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item score scale). For the CMAI, the study reported a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing, Verbally Non- Aggressive Beh behaviour, such a repetition of a word or action, and Physically Aggressive Behavior, such an action, such is hitting. For the OS, the results were not statistically significant. For all other domains, the CBAI scales showed improvement in the intervention group. The evidence is current to January 2017. The quality of the evidence was very low. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research on the effectiveness and safety of this intervention is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. One trial compared topical skin products given at different frequencies of application. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One of these trials suggested that a structured washcloth might be more effective than soap and water. The other trials suggested a structured cleansing procedure might be better than soap. The evidence is current up to 28 September 2016. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and washing water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be superior to the use soap and wash water. Findings from the other trials, all being of very low to moderate quality suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be effective in the treatment of people with IAD, and avoiding soap seems to be more beneficial than withholding these products. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was very low or moderate for the outcomes of ID prevention and IAD treatment. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis due to heterogeneity in participant population, skin care product, skin hygiene procedures, skin and skin care procedures, outcomes, and measurement tools. High quality confirmatory trials using a standardised, and comparable prevention and treatments in different settings/regions are required. Furthermore, to increase the comparability of trial results, we recommend the development of a core outcome set, including validated measurement tools, to evaluate the effects of interventions for preventing and treating the occurrence of skin and stool infections in adults.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 333 participants in our review. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, outpatient and community settings. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there was no evidence that antiviral treatment improved the clinical signs and symptoms of IM. However, there were some results that favouring antiviral therapy over control. There was a reduction in the time taken for the disease to resolve and a reduction of the duration of lymphadenopathy (time taken for a person to recover from an IM infection) in the treatment group. However these results may not be clinically meaningful. There were no significant differences between antiviral and control groups for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. The overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral medication but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. There is no evidence to support the use of antiviral agents (acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclvir) in acute IM. The quality of the evidence is very low. The majority of included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine. Insulin glargines were given once-daily in the evening. Insulins were given twice-daily and once-weekly. The results showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia between treatment groups. Insulation with insulin glargin resulted in a lower daily basal insulin dose and a lower number of injection site reactions. Ins insulin detenir was associated with less weight gain. There was no significant difference in the variability of blood glucose values in 24-hour profiles between treatment group. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality of life and showed no differences between treatment. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality oflife, costs or mortality. Our analyses suggest that there is no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between insulin detamir and insulin glurgine for targeting hyperglycaemia. However, to achieve the same glycaemic control insulin deteemir was often injected twice-weekly in a higher dose but with less body weight gain, while insulin gl argine was injected once-day, with somewhat fewer injection site reaction.
This review of trials found that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of patients with bowel problems. However, SNS did not improve symptoms in patients with constipation. Side effects were reported in a percentage of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe bowel problems in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of bowel problems compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy. In the crossover trial by Kahlke, 14 participants with bowel disorders experienced significantly lower episodes of abdominal pain and bloating during the stimulator 'on' period compared with the 'off' period. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning, S NS did not increase frequency of bowel movements and 73 adverse events were reported, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound infection (12), and urological (17) events. The limited evidence from the included trials suggests that S NS can improve bowel function in a number of patients. However SNS does not improve bowel symptoms in a large proportion of participants. Rigorous high quality randomised trials are needed to allow the certainty of the results.
The review of trials found that molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or light-curing adhesive were more likely to fail than molar bands bonded with a light-coloured adhesive. However, the two trials included in this review were of low risk of bias and the results were not statistically significant. The review also found that there was no evidence that molars were more or less likely to decay when bonded with glass ionomer cement than with molar band cemented with glass ions. However there were limited data for this outcome and further research is needed to draw more robust conclusions.
We searched scientific databases for studies that compared EUS with other diagnostic tests for gastric cancer. We included studies that assessed the accuracy of EUS in identifying gastric cancers of the stomach or the stomach wall. We found 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible according to the inclusion criteria. We collected the data on 7747 patients with stomach cancer who were staged with EUS. The quality of the included studies was good. The ability of EUs to identify gastric carcinoma in the primary tumor stage was assessed in 50 studies (4397 participants). The ability to identify the presence of tumours in the stomach and the stomach walls was assessed by the ability of the EUS to identify tumours that were not in the abdominal wall. The accuracy of the diagnostic tests was assessed for the primary and secondary tumor stage. The diagnostic tests were compared in 44 studies (3573 participants) and the ability to distinguish tumours with or without lymph nodes was assessed. The EUS diagnostic test was compared in 20 studies (3321 participants) that assessed tumours of the abdominal walls. The overall accuracy of this diagnostic test for identifying gastrial cancers was assessed as high for the diagnosis of superficial (skin) versus tumour of the gut (superficial) and advanced (advanced) gastric (super-advanced). The accuracy for identifying tumours on the stomach was assessed to be low for the diagnostic test of the tumour on the wall of the abdomen (mucosal) and for the lymph nodes (negative versus positive). The diagnostic test could not be considered optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion, especially for the ability EUS could not distinguish between the two types of cancers (mukosal and submucaosal) or between the tumours and lymph nodes. The evidence is current to January 2013. We concluded that EUS might be considered useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with gastric tumour
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay laparoscopy (n > 253) for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The average or median age in the studies varied between 40 and 47 years. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that day-surgical laparopoietic cholecervical choleciectomy appears to be as safe as overnight stay surgery in laparoscope cholecalcoventricular gallstones, but the quality of the evidence is weak. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups. There were no significant differences in quality of life between the groups. The quality of evidence was also weak for pain, time to return to normal activity, time for return to work, and time for hospital readmission. No significant difference was seen in the proportion of people requiring hospital readmissions. No differences were seen in hospital readmitted rate, the proportion who failed to be discharged as planned, or the number of people who were discharged from hospital without being discharged as scheduled. The overall quality of information was weak. The included trials were at high risk of bias and the quality was limited. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. We found four studies (1272 participants). The studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two of the studies were funded by the manufacturer of the drug. The studies reported on pain relief for chronic pain in people with HIV-neuropathy, postherpetic neuralgia, and painful diabetic neuropathy. High-concentration topical capsicaproil (capsicum) used to treat posthermophilia, painful diabetic nervepathy, and diabetic neuropathic pain produced more pain relief than control treatment using a much lower concentration of capsaicine. The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did obtain high levels of pain relief, there were usually additional improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious adverse events occurred in about 1 in 5 people (3.5%) with capsaicins compared with about 1 out of 5 with placebo. Side effects were no more common with capsicapsaicin than with placebo, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common in people taking capsaicines compared with placebo (6 to 8 studies, 21 to 67 events). We rated the quality of the evidence for pain relief as moderate or very low. The quality of evidence for other outcomes was moderate or low, due mainly to small numbers of events and imprecision of results.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measuring carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We combined the results of 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up) from the trials. We found that surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis, had no significant effect in participants who had 30% to 49% stenotic narrowing, and was of benefit in participants whose stenosis was 50% to 69% (moderate-quality evidence). Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% or 69% symptomatic stenosis (moderate quality evidence), and highly beneficial for those with 70% to 99% stenclusion without near-occlusion (moderate to high quality evidence). We found no benefit in people with near-OCclusion (high-quality information). We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for all outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared the two surgical techniques for preventing parastomal herniation. We found 10 studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants were adults with a wide range of diseases. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The results of the studies were inconclusive for the incidence of parastoma hernation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or stoma related mortality. The evidence is current to August 2016. The available evidence is of low or very low quality. The included studies were of poor quality. We were unable to determine whether one technique was better than the other for preventing the occurrence of parstomal hernia. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that the results were inconsistent. The review authors recommend that future studies should be designed to provide more reliable evidence to guide clinical practice.
We searched for evidence on 20th September 2013 and found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our primary outcomes in interest. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation, clinical improvements in mental health and satisfaction with treatment, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapies but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low quality. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 participants with cancer pain of moderate or severe severity. Most studies were of poor quality. Most were conducted in the USA, and most were small. Most of the studies were conducted with small numbers of participants. The results of the trials were inconsistent. There was no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. There is very low-quality information that some people with moderate or severely cancer pain can obtain substantial levels of benefit within one or two weeks. There were no deaths, but these were not clearly related to any pain treatment. Common side effects were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of efficacy (24%) or side effects (5%). There is no high quality evidence to recommend or refute NSAIDs for the treatment of cancer pain.
We found two studies, which involved 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group. Thus tinzAParin resulted in more rapid resolution of pain, as measured with a numerical pain scale. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days in favour of the tinZaparin treatment group. Participants treated with tinzabarin had statistically significantly fewer hospitalisation days than participants in the group treated with placebo, with a mean difference of -4.98 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tiniaparin groups, and none were reported in the control group. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dalteparin group, with the quality of evidence rated very low. The most important reasons for this were serious risk of systematic errors (bias), and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Based on the results of two studies comprising 287 participants, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease. Vaso-occlusive crises are extremely debilitating for sufferers of this disease; therefore, well-designed placebo controlled studies with other types of low-molecular-weight medicines, and in participants with different genotypes of the disease, still need to be carried out to confirm or dismiss the results. The quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low, mainly due to the small number of participants and the small occurrence of adverse events.
We searched for randomised controlled trials comparing anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs in patients with internal carotid artery dissection. We did not find any completed randomised trials. There were also no randomised studies directly comparing anticaagulant drugs with antiicoagulation drugs and the reported non-randomised studies did not show any evidence of a significant difference between the two. There was no evidence to support the routine use of anticoactive drugs for the treatment of internal carots.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared silver-containing dressings or topical agents with non-silver dressings. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. Thirteen trials compared silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream with non silver dressings, and six trials compared SSD cream with silver-based dressings (nine dressings in total). Most comparisons (seven) found no significant differences in infection rates; one trial in a variety of wounds found significantly fewer infections with SSD/hydrocolloid, but another, in acute wounds, found significantly more infections with SSD. Only one comparison showed a significant reduction in healing time associated with a silver-coated gauze dressing in diabetic foot ulcers. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver- containing dressings and topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP. The particular antibiotic regimen examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy (N = 4; odds ratio (OR) monotherapy versus combination 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 1.30), clinical cure (N=2; OR monotherapy compared with combination 0), length of stay in ICU (N: 2; OR 1.88, 95%, CI 0.56 to 1). We found that carbapenems were associated with a statistically significant increase in the clinical cure for people with VAB. We did not find a difference between carbapens and non-carbapenem therapies (N > 1; OR carbapentem versus non-carapenema 0.59, 95 % confidence interval 0.30 to 1) or adverse events (N < 1;OR 1.59; OR 3.29, 95%) for the comparison of carbapenos versus non carbapenes. We downgraded the quality of evidence for all- cause mortality, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. We determined clinical cure to be of very low-quality evidence. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin for clinical cure in the clinically evaluable population and there was a statistically positive increase in clinical cure with imipanem-cirrhizumab (N + 1) compared with tigcysylline-cil
We found 29 studies investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. The policies were most often of older people or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. The policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services.  Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased treatment discontinuity and the use other health service without reducing overall drug expenditures. Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug usage. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Implementing restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of selected medications can decrease drug spending without increasing the use for other health care services (6 studies). Relaxing reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (for example, for those who are not able to use publically financed drug benefits for themselves, and those who do not), also require explicit measurement.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 19 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies included a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. One study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points. The same two studies reported on plaque. There were no differences between the interventions in plaque reduction at all points. Two other studies reported dental decay at 6 months and 12 months respectively. There is no evidence that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gingsivitis, plaque or dental decay. Five studies compared some form of self-management versus some form or routine OHA and found little evidence of any difference between the two groups. None of the studies measured dental decay or gingival decay. Seven studies compared enhanced OHA with some form and routine Oha. There are no differences in the outcomes between the groups. There has been insufficient high-quality research to recommend any specific one- to-one oral health maintenance or improvement method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high- quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of one to-to one OHA for oral health. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
This review found five small trials that compared oral steroids with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo were included. One trial (40 participants) reported that oral steroids provided a more rapid initial improvement in pain compared to no treatment but the effect was not maintained after six weeks. A second trial reported no significant differences between oral steroids and placebo in pain or range of movement but it suggested improvement occurred earlier in the steroid treated group. A third trial reported that orally administered steroids provided more rapid improvement in shoulder pain compared with no treatment, but the benefit was not sustained after five months. There were minimal adverse effects reported. The trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial and three trials used different comparators. Available data from two placebo- controlled trials and one no-treatment controlled trial provides "Silver" level evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) that oral steroid provides significant short-term benefits in pain, range of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis but the effects may not be maintained beyond six weeks but the evidence is of moderate to high quality.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between the rTMs and sham rTms using the ALS functional rating scale and manual muscle testing (MMT). Additionally, none of the studies reported any adverse events associated with the use of the r tMS. There is currently insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of the treatment of ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a trial on people with ALS. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations and incomplete outcome data, treatment with rTHS cannot be judged as completely safe. There are no trials comparing rTLS with sham tMS, and further studies are required to assess the potential benefits and harms of rTBS in the treatment and management of ALS in the long term.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 293.70) than prednisolone alone, while another trial showed no difference in disease control (1.0 mg/ kg: RR 1.79, 95%). No differences in disease was seen for different doses or formulations of prednisolate (one trial each), for azathioprine plus prednnisone compared with prednisalone alone (one study), for prednisoleone plus azathiopere compared with the same treatment (one), for mycophenolate mofetil plus prednasolone or plus azithioprine (one) compared with a combination of prednasoleone and tetracycline plus prednosolone (one). Chinese traditional medicine plus prednesone was not effective in one trial. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids (clobetasol) with a milder regimen (cloetasole) in one study. In another trial, clobetaseol showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisoidone in people with extensive and moderate disease (RR 1.09, 95.02 to 1.17), with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events (RR 0.06, 95%. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP. Starting doses of prednoidsolone greater than 0.75 mg/g/day do not give additional benefit, lower
This review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, the quality of the trials was generally low. The trials were small and of poor methodological quality. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. No serious adverse events were reported. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of LNG and other hormonal drugs in preventing pregnancy among women with infrequent intercourse. The trials included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 studies), and hormones other than LNG (7 trials). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation rates, side effects, and acceptability. The studies showed that LNG was reasonably efficacious and safe. Most women liked the pericoital method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. The results of the studies of pericoinal use of Lng were promising but many had serious methodological issues. Most reports were decades old and provided limited information. However we considered the evidence to be moderate quality because of the large number of participants from diverse populations, the low pregnancy rates and the consistent results across studies. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety as a primary means of contraception among women. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies. The evidence was up to date to January 2015.
We included 15 studies with 561 participants in this review. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. The evidence is current to September 2014. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. There was strong evidence of an effect of surgical anchachment on this outcome. Compared with conventional (non-surgical) anchorage, surgical anchage was more effective in the reinforcement of anchorage by 1.68 mm (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.27 mm to -1.09 mm) with moderate quality evidence. This result should be interpreted with some caution, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this comparison. There were no differences in the length of treatment between surgical and conventional anchage. Information on patient-reported outcomes such as pain and acceptability was limited and inconclusive. When direct comparisons were made between two types of surgical anchorage, there was no evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than another. No included studies reported harms of surgical or conventional anchachment. There is moderate quality information that reinforcement of the upper first teeth is more effective with surgical anch Anchorage than conventional anch Anchorage, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. While surgical anchagement is not associated with the inherent risks and compliance issues related to extraoral headgear, none of the included studies provided information on harms of either surgical or non-surgically-reinforced anchorage. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of mesodistal molar movement of teeth
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to January 2019. We found that statins reduce the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and death from any cause by 20% in people with CKD who did not have CVD at baseline. Statins also reduce the risks of stroke and death by 20%. Statins have uncertain effects on progression of CKD. We were unable to determine the effects of statin therapy on kidney function. We could not identify any harms from statin treatment. We are uncertain about the effects on stroke and kidney function because the effects were not well reported. We cannot be certain about the effect of statins on CVD risk in people who have CKD because the results of the studies were not consistent. We do not know if statins are harmful. We recommend that further research is conducted to determine whether statins can prevent CVD in people without CKD and their effects on the risk factors for CVD.
We searched for studies that compared the use of painkillers for pain in children with cystic fibrosis aged 2 to 19 years with or without cystic palsy. We found nine studies that involved a total of 379 children. Nine trials evaluated painkillers (two different drugs) for pain relief in children and young adults with cystitis. The children had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. All trials were parallel designed RCTs. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) drugs. All of the OI trials evaluated the use bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five out of the eight identified studies. For the two ITB studies for pain reduction in CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo). In the two BoNT-a trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT A trials mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who were given alendroneate. The trial investigating pamidine found no evidence that pain relief was better than control in this time point. No adverse events were reported in this trial. Overall the quality of the evidence for pain for pain was mixed. Only one study involved over 100 participants. In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial there were also
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared latrepirdine with placebo (a pretend drug) or another drug in people with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. The evidence is current to February 2017. We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were also included in the analyses. No data were available from the seventh trial. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United States. The results of the trials were imprecise and we were unable to determine whether latrepiritine had any effect on cognition, behaviour or function. However, there was some evidence showing a very small benefit of latrepircine on the neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoints (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that latrepirthine and placebo were comparable in adverse events (adverse events include: serious adverse events, dropouts due to adverse events and dropouts because of adverse events). The quality of the evidence provided on these outcomes was low. The quality was downgraded because of the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and the likelihood of bias of the studies. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse effects compared with placebo, there is no effect of latREPirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of the drug on neuropsychological symptoms in AD.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RICs) involving 735 participants in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke respectively. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stenting, but it may increase death or dependence in participants who have had a stroke. In people with symptomatic intracelebral artery narrowing, there was no significant difference in the incidence of ischaemia between participants treated with RIC and non-RIC treatment. However, the risk for recurrent stroke was significantly reduced by RIC. In participants with carotids who had carotidi stenting there was also no significant reduction in the risk that they had a recurrent stroke. However the stroke severity was significantly lower in participants treated RIC compared with non-IC. No severe adverse events were reported. In acute ischaememic stroke, for people receiving intravenous thrombolysis, the rate of death or dependency was significantly increased by RAC treatment compared with no treatment. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of several or more treatment groups) involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to August 2016. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The studies were conducted between 2000 and 2004. The review found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. The protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays, and higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations compared to the unsuppulent group. There is no evidence that protein supplements increase the risk of feeding intolerance, necrotizing enterocolitis, or changes in serum albumin concentrations. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifiers and be designed to determine the effects on duration of hospital stay and safety, as well as on long term growth, body fat, cardio-mechanical, and neurodevelopment outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared PEMs to no intervention, to other interventions, or to other types of PEM. We found 45 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and compared to no treatment, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect of Pems on patient outcomes, and clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known. The effectiveness of P EMMs compared to other PEM interventions, such as PEM as part of a multi-faceted intervention, or of PEMs as part a multiaceted approach, is uncertain.
This review of 23 randomised controlled trials found that interventions aimed at promoting sexual behaviour in young women which aim to reduce STI transmission can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. There were no statistically significant effects on abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. There was little evidence that interventions reduced the risk of developing cervical cancer. However, there was some evidence that they may have reduced the number of STIs transmitted to the woman. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychotherapy with cognitive behavior therapy. Participants receiving brief psycho education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term and medium term. Participants were also more likely to comply with medication in the medium term, and were more likely than those who received routine care to be able to take their medication. Participants who received brief psychoeducational interventions were less prone to relapse than those given routine care. Participants in the brief psycho Education group were more satisfied with their treatment and were less satisfied with the way they were treated. Participants with brief psychoediation were more successful in completing medication treatment than those with routine treatment. Participants also had better mental state and social function in the shorter term, but not in the long term. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in the shortest term, nor in the death rate in either group. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, brief psychoanalysis of any form appears to reduce relapse in the mid-term, and promote medication compliance in the very short term. A brief psychoeducated approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent exacerbation was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk for bias, as it was at risk of selective reporting of results. Compared to the LABA+LABA arm, the results for the primary outcomes for the LAMA+LAB arm were as follows: exacerbations, serious adverse events (SAE), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the baseline, lung function test (a test that measures lung function), and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change from baseline. Compared with the LAPA+LABC arm, we found that LAMA has fewer exacerbations and a larger improvement in lung function. We also found that people treated with LAMA have a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life. These data were supported by low or moderate quality evidence generated from mainly participants with moderate- to severe-type COPD in heterogeneous trials with an observation period of less than one year. Our findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. All children were discharged from the emergency department without any admission to hospital. The studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen (30% oxygen given for 20 minutes) or no treatment. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found no new studies for this update. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared helox with 30%. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes. The mean croup scores at 20 and 90 minutes postintervention may not differ between groups. There may not be any difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate at 20 or 90 minutes. There was no difference between the groups in terms of hospitalisation rates. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no intervention. There were no differences between groups for the other outcomes. In the third study, 29 children with severe to moderate croup were treated with intramuscular dexametasone and either helox or adrenaline (one to two doses of adrenaline for three hours). There may have been no difference at 60 minutes posttreatment. There is no difference for the outcomes of respiratory rate or heart rate between groups, but there may be a difference at 120 minutes. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not combine the results from the different studies because each comparison included data from only one study. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all the outcomes. The quality of evidence was down
The review of trials found that the use of red flags to screen for vertebral fracture in patients presenting for low blood pressure is not useful. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. When combinations of red flag tests are used, the performance appears to improve. It should be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with low blood pressures.
This review identified two randomised trials that compared urethral dilatation and urethrotomy with urethroplasty in 210 adult men with urethra stricture disease. One trial compared the outcomes of surgical urethrals dilatations and optical urethrots. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. The second trial compared urerotomy and urerethrotectomy in 50 men with traumatic stricture of the posterior urethrum following pelvic fracture injury. In the first six months, men were more likely to require further surgery in the urethrrotomy group than in the primary urethrotectomy group. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men initially treated by urethrection required continued self-dilatation or further surgery for stricture recurrence compared to 6 of 25 men treated by primary unerethplasty. There were insufficient data to perform meta-analysis or to reliably determine effect size. There are insufficient data from trials to determine which intervention is best for urethron stricture in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs. Well designed, adequately powered, multi-centre trials are needed to answer relevant clinical questions regarding treatment of men with urinary strictures.
We found six trials (including one trial testing two relevant protocols) that compared intermittent and daily inhaled corticosteroids. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the meta-analyses. There was no statistically significant group difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacerbations requiring oral corticostoids. There were no significant differences in the rate of serious adverse health events. There is low quality evidence that intermittent and continuous inhaled ICS strategies were similarly effective in the use of rescue oral cortiosteroids and the rate for severe adverse health event. In children and adults with persistent asthma and in preschool children suspected of persistent asthma, there was low quality information that intermittent ICS was superior to intermittent ICs in several indicators of lung function, airway inflammation, asthma control and reliever use. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily, inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harms of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term impact of intermittent therapy on lung growth and lung function decline.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with chronic kidney disease stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) that increased fruit and vegetable intake, two (355 people) dietary interventions of a Mediterranean diet and one (12 people) diet of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In very-low quality evidence, dietary interventions had uncertain effects on all- cause mortality or heart disease. In absolute terms, dietary intervention may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding heart disease, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Across all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Dietary intervention may have uncertain effects in people with kidney disease. Dietary effects on death, cardiovascular events and heart disease were rarely measured or reported. Dietary influences lowered blood pressure, serum cholesterol and diastolic blood pressure. Dietary diets were associated in a higher estimated glomerular filtration rate (a measure of kidney function) and serum serum albumins (a marker of kidney health). A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels, and dietary interventions may have lowered serum systolic blood blood pressure (a measurement of blood pressure). Based on the current evidence, we recommend that dietary interventions should not be recommended for people with people with heart disease until further
We found only one study that compared the effectiveness of mist therapy with nebulised salbutamol, nebulising saline and mist in a tent for children with bronchiolitis. The study was eligible for inclusion and found that nebulisation of the bronchus with salbutamic acid was an effective intervention for young children with acute bronchiolytic bronchitis but mist in the tent did not lead to a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) scores. The results of the study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy for acute bronchiectasis in children up to three years old.
We searched for studies that compared statins with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment in people with Alzheimer's disease. We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's Disease according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Alzheimer's Cognitive Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin treatment. All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from baseline. There was no benefit from the statin in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. When we combined data, the statins did not improve cognitive function or behaviour compared with placebo. There were no significant differences in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living in the two groups. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We did not find studies assessing role of statins in treatment of VaD. Analyses from the studies available, including two large, randomised controlled trials, indicate that there was not enough evidence to support the use of statin therapy for Alzheimer's dementia.
This review identified four studies involving 149 participants. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no significant differences between wearing a night splander and not wearing a day splint. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of prednosone at 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo, there was no significant difference in ankle range of motion between groups. Increasing the prednisones dose to a higher dose had no significant effect on ankle range. One of the studies evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with muscular dystrophies. Surgery resulted in increased ankle range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of tendon contractures. There is no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range in Charcot and muscular dystonia. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing upright and ambulant positions versus recumbent positions and bed care. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and did not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There is clear and important evidence that walking or standing upright in the early stages of labour reduces the duration and risk of the first caesarian section, and does not seem associated with an increased need for an epidural. There was no difference between groups in the duration or need for the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes relating to the babies' and mothers' well-being. The quality of the evidence was variable. More research is needed to confirm the true benefits and risks of upright and mobile positions compared with recumbency.
We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any treatment with no treatment or with an active treatment. We found three randomized controlled studies, but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required follow- up for inclusion in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial that assessed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection, had a low risk of systematic error. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve pain at six months' treatment. There are no adverse events of the BTZ treatment above saline injection. There is moderate evidence to suggest that treatment with BTX injections yielded no great improvements over placebo injections of saline. There has been no evidence from RCTs for the use of other currently used treatments. There needs to be an agreed definition for the diagnosis of Tos, especially the disputed form, agreed outcome measures, and high quality randomized trials that compare the outcome of interventions with no and with each other.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that a hand brace (four weeks) and ultrasound treatment for two weeks were not significantly beneficial. However one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound which was maintained at six months. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Compared to placebo, pooled data for two-week oral steroid treatment demonstrated a significant improvement in symptoms. One trial also showed improvement after four weeks. Compared with placebo, diurestics or nonsteroid anti-inflammatories did not demonstrate significant benefit. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In another trial involving 21 people carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved symptoms after three weeks compared to no treatment. In the third trial involving 50 participants, steroid and insulin injections significantly improved pain over eight weeks. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and function. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not show symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit when comparing to placebo. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. One trial compared IVS with observation and one trial compared dexamethasone with sham injections. The two trials enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion. The evidence is current to August 2018. The trials compared IVs with observation or no treatment. The trial comparing IVS to observation found that IVS was associated with a higher incidence of adverse events than observation alone. The most commonly reported adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. The quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting. The results of the two trials were not consistent. The improvement in visual acuity noted in the SCORE trial should be interpreted with caution as outcome data were missing for a large proportion of the observation group. The GENEVA trial reported that the dexametasone implant was not associated with improvement in vision after six months among participants withCRVO-me. The IVS trial reported a higher rate of adverse effects. As many as 20% to 35% of participants experienced an adverse event in the IVS groups compared with 8% of the participants in the observation groups. The GRADE assessment of the evidence indicated that the quality of the included studies was low. The included studies were at high risk of bias due to incomplete outcome data in SCORE and selective outcomes reporting in GENEVA.
This review of six trials involving 394 children found that intranasal corticosteroids may significantly improve nasal obstruction symptoms in children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy, and this improvement may be associated with a reduction in adenoid size. The long-term efficacy of intran asic steroid treatment in these patients remains to be defined.
We searched for evidence on 5 February 2016 and found one study that involved 24 women. The study was conducted in Mexico and involved women who were not labouring. The women were given either an epidural block or an antihypertensive drug (antihypertensives) or a control group who received antihysteric drugs, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole. The control group received anti-hypertension drugs and the control group was given an epidurals. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days later); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious complications (defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema, pulmonary hypertension, and preterm birth); death in utero (birth before 37 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (births plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths within the first 28 days after birth, deaths after the first month, preterm births (birth after 37 weeks’ gestation), and pre-term birth (birth of the baby before 37 completed weeks‘ gestation). The included trial did not provide any information on the baby outcomes. The only outcome that was reported was the Apgar score of the newborn baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. The epidural agents lowered the vasomotor tone of the mother and baby. However, the change in the change of the mean arterial pressure and systolic arterial pressures,
We searched for evidence on 15 September 2016. We included 16 trials with 927 participants. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention). Glucocortics were administered orally or parenterally for a median 28 days (range 3 days to 12 weeks). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no evidence of effect of glucococorticaosteroids on all-cause mortality up to three months following randomisation, or on health-related quality of life up to one month after treatment. There were no serious adverse events during treatment, liver-related mortality up up to two months following treatment, number of participants with any complications up to up to four months following the start of treatment, and number of people with non-serious adverse events up to at least three months' follow-up after end of treatment. The certainty of evidence was very low for all- cause mortality and health- related quality oflife, and low for health-based quality of the life. The quality of evidence for all outcomes was very poor. The trials were at overall high risk of bias. All trials but one were at risk of systematic error (risk of overestimating benefits and underestimating harms of gluccorticostoids). The quality and quantity of data were very low. The evidence is up to date to September 2016, and we are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference between glucocorts and placebo or placebo or control on all cause mortality, serious adverse event, and health related quality-of-life. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events
We found four studies that involved 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The interventions included a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme, a driving simulation, and a skill development approach. The study designs were generally of poor quality. The results of the studies were not consistent. There was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months. There is limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition, that are related to driving. However, these results should be interpreted with caution as they were based on a single study. There were no reported adverse effects. There are no studies that evaluated on- road driving lessons as an intervention. At present, it is unclear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation, and whether the contextual or remedial approaches, or a combination of both, are more efficacious.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants. The average age of participants ranged from 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men in the studies varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration (10 to 14 days) treatment. Five of the studies were funded by the drug manufacturer. Five trials compared short- duration (three to seven day) versus longer- duration treatment (10-14 days) of corticosteroids. Five were conducted at hospitals with a total of 519 people. The studies were at low risk of bias. In four studies we did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure between short- and longer-term treatment. In five studies no difference in the likelihood of an adverse event was found between short and longer courses of systemic corticostoids. No difference in relapse (a new event) was observed between short duration and longer duration of systemic steroids. Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment did not differ between short (three days) and longer (10 days) courses of cortics. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. We found that five days of oral corticoid treatment is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter courses of (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer (of 10 to 14) courses. We rated the quality of the evidence as low because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the results were imprecise.
We searched for evidence on 5 February 2016 and identified one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) that compared a policy of giving blood transfusions only to people with MDS who had a low white blood cell count (Hb) to prevent transfusion transfusions or to people who had normal white blood cells) to decide whether to receive blood transfusion or not. The trial was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low. The one included study did not show a difference in the number of deaths or transfusions between the two groups. There were no anaemia-related complications (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels. The study did report no information on mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. The evidence is up to date to February 2016. The review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion strategies for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of bone marrow disease, MDS, rises with an ageing population.
We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. We found two studies that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of educational games for health care professionals. The first study evaluated a game based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The second study compared game-based learning with traditional case-based education. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games for teaching health professionals about stroke prevention and management. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of educational game-playing on patient and performance outcomes.
This review of trials found that there was some evidence that lithium or antidepressants might prevent relapse in people with unipolar affective disorder. However, the evidence was not conclusive and the results did not exclude the point of no effect. There were no other statistically significant differences between lithium and antidepressants according to all other outcomes considered. There was adequate evidence for lithium or antidepressant long-term therapy to prevent relapse, however the relative efficacy of these drugs was unknown.
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on salivary glands in differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Moreover, no health-related quality of life and other patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials. None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health- related quality oflife or costs.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017. We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician's intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics and once-weekly home-brief sessions for 12 weeks. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. The study found gains for the intervention groups on total-language measures immediately postinter intervention. One of the three studies did not find any differences in parental stress scores between the two groups at any time point up to 12 months postintermission. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children postinterventions, and in one study most strategies were maintained in the interventions group at 12 months after intervention. No study measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. No studies reported language attrition following the intervention in either. One found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the parent- mediated intervention group. One looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers in the group attended seven out of nine group and four home visits.
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found no evidence to support the use of exercise-based rehabilitation for adults after heart valve surgical procedures. We did find that exercise- based rehabilitation may increase exercise capacity compared with no exercise. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. There were no data on health-related quality of life, and the trials did not report on health status, and cost. We also found no data for the return to work outcome. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We were unable to combine the results of the two trials because of the small sample size and the risk of random errors.
We found five studies that compared different interventions for adults with terminal illness. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality oflife. In the multi-ciplinary palliatives care intervention studies there was no significant difference in quality or well being between the trial arms. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies. The quality of the studies was limited by the under-reporting of design features. We found inconclusive evidence that interventions with spiritual or religious components for adults in the terminal phase of a disease may or may not enhance the quality of their life. Such interventions are under-evaluated. All five studies identified were undertaken in the same country, and in the multidisciplinary pallbeg care interventions it is unclear if all participants received support from a chaverse or a spiritual counsellingor. Moreover, it is not clear whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual or spiritual support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies.
We included six studies with a total of 137 participants. Two studies with 45 participants examined the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). There was very low quality evidence for no effect of tCS on change in global UPDRS score (mean difference (MD) -7.10 %, 95% confidence interval (CI -19.18 to 4.97; P = 0.25, I² = 21%, random-effects model). However, there was evidence of an effect on UPDR motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase (MD -14.43%, 95% CI -24.68 to -4.18; P < 0.006, I¬² = 2%, randomised controlled trials). One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence of any effect (MD 0.10 hours, 95%, 95%, CI -0.14 to 0.34; P= 0.41, I ¬²= 0%, randomisation model; and MD 0.00 hours, 0.12 to 0,12; P ≤ 0.05 m/s, respectively; very low-quality evidence). Two studies (41 participants) examined the effect of using tDCS plus movement therapy compared to sham tDCS on our secondary outcome, gait speed, at the start of the treatment phase (SD 0.17 to 1.18, 95, CI -1.05 to 0.25; P + 0.15 to 0 to 0). We found no evidence that tDCS had an effect. We found one study (16 participants) examining the effects on the effects (MD 1.00 SF-12 score, 95 % CI -5.20 to 7.20; I²=0%, inverse
We included 12 studies (N = 461) in this review. We excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. We included four studies from the previous review in this update. We found no new studies for this update, so we included four new studies in this updated review. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low. The evidence is up to date to September 2016. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (N=32) and found no significant short-term benefit for LASBs for pain intensity. One small study (N of 36) at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one-year follow-up but not at short term follow- up. Of two studies that investigated LASBS as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from LASb. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatment. One study compared ultrasound-guided LASBP with non-guided local anaesthesia and found a clinically important difference in the pain outcomes. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. The main conclusions of this review are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetics for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that LASBA is effective for reducing pain in CRPS, but there is no evidence that LAsB is effective in reducing pain.
We included trials that compared the use of antivirals and corticosteroids in people with Bell's palsy to either placebo or corticostimulants alone. We found that the combination of antiviral drugs (corticosteroid and antiviral) may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people who had Bell's parathyroid disease compared to corticoids alone. The combination of cortic steroids plus antiviral drugs may have had little or little effect on incomplete recovery compared to the corticosides alone. For people with severe Bell's palpitations, we found that corticosterone plus antiviral drug treatment may have no clear effect on the rate of incomplete recoveries compared to placebo or no treatment. The rate of complete recovery was lower with antivirral drugs plus corticotropin than with corticotic drugs alone. There was no clear difference in adverse events between the antiviral treatment and the placebo or steroid treatment arms. The use of cortisone plus antivirinoids probably reduced the late sequelae of Bell's prematurity compared with cortisole plus antivirus drugs alone, but the evidence is too uncertain for us to draw conclusions. Studies also showed fewer episodes of long-term sequelae in cortic steroid-treated participants than antiviral-treated people. We did not find any clear difference between the groups in adverse effects. The overall certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. Most of the included trials were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains.
We found two studies, including 97 women, comparing two different LHRH agonists (leuprorelin and treosulfan) in women with platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory EOC. One study compared leuprorerelin to a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfans) and the other study compared decapeptyl to a placebo (a pretend treatment). The studies were conducted in France and the United Kingdom. The studies lasted from two to three years. The evidence is current to January 2014. The two studies were of very low quality. There may be little or no difference between treatment with leuprocreas and treo-sulfan in overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, respectively. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treos sulfan than leuporelin. There was no difference in other Grade 3/4 side effects: nausea and vomiting, neurotoxicity (damage to nerves), neutropenia (inflammation of the blood), neutrophils (inflammations of the bone marrow) and neutropensia (infection of the white blood cells). The Currie 1994 study, which compared decaceptyl treatment with placebo, reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks, respectively, but no relative effects measures or P value at a particular time point were reported. Overall survival (os) and QoL outcomes were not reported. In addition, adverse events were only mentioned for the decapeptic group. Adverse events were incompletely reported (no adverse events in decaperiptyl group, but not reported for the placebo group). Based on this review of two small RCTs, there is not enough
We found 17 studies that compared inhaled nitric oxide (iNO) with placebo (placebo) or standard care without iNO in infants with hypoxaemic respiratory failure. We found that inhaled iNO reduced the risk of death or use of ECMO in infants who had low oxygen levels in the blood. This reduction was due to a reduction in the use of oxygen-lowering drugs (oxygenation index (OI) or alveolar-arterial oxygen difference (A-aDO2)) and a reduction of oxygen levels (partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) in the upper airway (Pao2). In addition, oxygen levels were improved in approximately 50% of infants receiving iNO. Infants who received iNO at less severe criteria did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Fewer of the babies who received early treatment satisfied the criteria for treatment, showing that earlier iNO treatment reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease mortality nor the need for ECMO. Incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between tested survivors who received oxygen and those who did not. Inhaled nitrous oxide is effective at an initial concentration of 20 ppm for term and near-term infants with low oxygen in the airway who do not have a diaphragmatic hernia.
This review of trials found that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if lumbarb support are more effective in treating low- back pain than no or other preventive intervention. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness of lumbaural support. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of lmbar support.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the catheter that was being assessed having different appearances. Overall, we found that antimicrobial CVCs reduce the occurrence of catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI) and catheter colonization (colonization) by 2% and 9%, respectively. However, the magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to the setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. There was no significant difference between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. The magnitude of the effects was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. A comparatively smaller body of evidence suggests that antimiotic CVC-impregnant CVC do not appear to reduce the rates for clinically diagnosed sepsis or mortality. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of antimicrobial-impanted CVCS across all settings. Further randomized controlled trials assessing antimicrobial cvcs should include important clinical outcomes like the overall rates of sepsitis and mortality.
We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient or macronutrients supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were conducted in Bangladesh, Peru, and India. The review found that all the interventions had the potential to decrease stunting, based on evidence from outside of slum contexts; however, there was no evidence of an effect of the interventions included in this review. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The main outcomes were length of life, low-to-moderate-certainty evidence for low- to moderate-certainties, and low-certainies for low and high-certainie evidence for length. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all outcomes. The included studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate risk of biased results. The overall quality of evidence for the outcomes was very poor. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution. The available evidence is limited by the fact that the interventions were not designed to reduce stunting in the same way as the interventions in the studies. The results of this systematic review are based on very low- and moderate-quality evidence. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of nutrition-specific interventions to reduce LBW and stunting.
This review of trials found that foam dressings do not appear to be more effective than other wound dressing treatments in healing venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in healing outcomes between foam dressers and hydrocolloid dressings, and no difference between foam and polyurethane foam dressens. There were no differences in the proportion of participants experiencing adverse events between foam or polyurethethan foam dressets, or between foam versus hydrocapillary, hydrocarbonate of soda, or knitted viscose dressings. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted trials, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly, before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of foam dressages in the management of venous arm ulcers, or any other wound dressings for venous ulcers in adults.
We found two studies that compared celecoxib and etoricoxib to placebo in patients with rheumatological manifestations of inflammatory bowel disease. One study (n = 159) compared etoricoxinib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo (a pretend drug) in IBD patients with active or inactive ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. The other study (N = 222) compared celeoxiba (a drug that blocks the growth of ulcer cells) to a placebo in ILD patients with inactive ulcers. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference in exacerbation of IBD between etoriccoxib (14/82) and placebo (19/77) after 12 weeks of treatment. After 12 weeks the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14 patients) in the celecoxiba group compared to 19% (15 patients) with placebo (29 events). There was also no statistically important difference in the exacerbation (14 out of 82) between celecoxibe and placebo. After two weeks of celecoxIBD patients experienced an exacerbation compared to 6 out of 110 patients in the placebo group (12 events). The results for disease exacerbation and side effects between celeoxib and placebo were uncertain. The proportion of patients who experienced side effects was similar in the two celecoxi-like drugs celecoxb and etoroxib (21% and 17%, respectively). No patients in either group died or experienced serious side effects. Side effects included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No patients experienced any cardiovascular side effects or thrombotic side effects (blood clots). The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of patients and short duration of the studies. The results of this review are based
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants. The studies were mostly small, mostly of poor quality, and had short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). Six studies included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one study included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two studies included people who had not been infected; and the remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found that there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the different types of topical antimicrobial treatments. We are uncertain about the relative effects of different topical antimicrobials for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events. We considered the certainty of the evidence to be low or very low for all of our outcomes. The certainty of evidence was downgraded twice due to risk of bias, and the certainty was very low on the other outcomes. We judged the certainty to be very low or low for the following outcomes: 1) use of an antimicrobial dressing (e.g. silver, iodides, super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine) compared with non-antimicrobial dressings (elevating the risk for any adverse events); 2) use (or comparison) of an antibiotic-based dressing (i.e. systemic antibiotics (e) compared to non-anti-antibiotics (e). We found no evidence that the use of topical antibiotics (i) increases the risk that the wound ulcers heal more quickly than non-ants. We also found no information on the number of ulcers healed. The overall certainty of this evidence was very limited. The quality of the included studies was generally low
We searched for studies that compared zinc supplementation with placebo or no supplementation in children aged 0-18 years. We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the prevalence of pneumonia 41% in children. We also found that children who received zinc supplementation had a lower incidence of lower specificity pneumonia case definition (i.e. pneumonia defined by specific clinical criteria) by 21% (i). We found no effect on lower specificity lower chest indrawing (i) or age-specific fast breathing with or without lower chest swaddling (i), but we found that the incidence and prevalence of lower chest infections were reduced by 21%. We found insufficient evidence to determine whether zinc supplementation reduces the incidence or prevalence of upper chest infections. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for both incidence of pneumococcal disease and pneumonia.
This review found that vitamin A has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTIs. Vitamin A caused an increased incidence of acute LUTIs in one study; an increase in cough and fever in another; and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. Vitamin B1a, a vitamin A derivative, has no protective effect on acute LITIs. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose of vitamin A. Vitamin C is a vitamin B1b antagonist. Vitamin D is a B1 antagonist.
This review of trials found that theophylline improves lung function and improves blood gas tension in people with COPD. The benefits were seen in people receiving a variety of different bronchodilators (oral and inhaled) and in people who had COPD of moderate to severe severity. Theophyllines also improve exercise performance. The quality of the trials was very low, which suggests that the people recruited to the trials may have been known by the investigators to be theophyLLine tolerant.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapy 249; control intervention 190), aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United Kingdom. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies reported that oral immunotherapies increased the amount of egg that children could eat and tolerated without adverse events, and that children recovered from egg allergy after completion of oral immun therapy or sublingually injected immunotherapy, compared to control. Most children (82%) in the oral immuntherapy group could eat a partial serving of egg compared to 10% of the control group. Fewer than half (45%) of children receiving oral immuntreatment were able to tolerate a full serving of eggs compared to only 10% in the control groups. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of children presented mild-to severe adverse events during oral immunacy treatment versus 6.8% of those in the placebo group. Of note, seven studies used an avoidance diet. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. Overall, the quality of evidence was low due to small numbers of participants and events, small sample sizes, and possible biases. The quality of the evidence was judged to be low due mainly to small sample size and because the trials were of poor quality.
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Data were not available for adverse events after ILR implant. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the ILr implant were counted. The mean cost per diagnosis and the mean cost of arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR. Moderate quality evidence shows that an aetiologic diagnosis increases the rate of aetic diagnosis as compared with a standard diagnosis pathway. No conclusive data were provided on the other end-points analysed. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILRs in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILR to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. These studies compared the use of sclerotherapy and surgery for hydrocoleus. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012 and involved a total of 275 patients. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there was no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups. However, there was significant heterogeneity in the results of the studies. This could be due to the agent used or the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. There was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received sclerosant agents compared with surgery. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the sclerosing solution group. There were more infections in the surgery group but this increase was not statistically significant. The frequency of pain in the surgical group was higher than in the aspiration and scler therapy group. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was not significant difference between the groups. Radiologic cure was also not reported. There is a great need for rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different types of sclera agents, scleroses solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It is important that the RCTS have sufficiently large sample size and long follow-up period. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated instruments. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness studies should also be undertaken.
We searched for evidence on the use of nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) in children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulized recombinant recombinant rhDNase with placebo in 40 children with tracheomalacia and respiratory tract infections. The evidence is current to September 2015. The RCT was conducted in the USA and included 40 children aged between one month and 12 years. The children were followed up for two weeks. The results of the trial showed that there was no significant difference between groups for the proportion of children who were cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.38; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 5.14). However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group (mean difference (MD 1.00; 95%) from baseline, and the mean difference ( MD 1.17 to 1.83, P = 0.02) for the duration of the study. The mean change (MD 0.70; 95%), which was better than the difference (MI 0.19 to 1). Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests at two week also favoured placebo over nebulisation rhDNASE but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic trachealacia. It remains inconclusive whether the use nebulising rhDNases in children who have airway Malacia and have a respiratory infection worsens recovery. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with trachomalacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. The studies were conducted in various healthcare settings and the open population. The average number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. Most studies reported that participants had chronic symptoms at the start of the study. The duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most participants had symptoms at baseline. Eleven studies (52% of studies) reported a loss to follow- up of more than 20%. Eleven studies reported a total of 52% of participants who dropped out of the studies. Five studies (679 participants) showed that psychological therapies were somewhat less acceptable in terms of drop-outs than enhanced care. Five of the five studies (624 analysed participants) assessed symptom severity comparing some psychological therapy with enhanced care, and found no clear evidence of a difference at end of treatment. Results for the subgroup of studies comparing CBT with usual care were similar to those in the whole group. When all psychological therapies included this review were combined they were superior to usual care or waiting list in terms for reducing symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. Compared with enhanced or structured care, CBT was not more effective. Compared to enhanced or tailored care, psychological therapies generally were not more helpful for most of the outcomes. The overall quality of evidence contributing to this review was rated low to moderate. The intervention groups reported no major harms. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all studies in this review included participants
We searched for evidence on 30 May 2017 and identified 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared regional anaesthesia with no regional anaesthetic for preventing PPP after thoracotomy or caesarean section. We included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesiography for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our analysis. Evidence synthesis of seven RCTS favoured epidural anaesthesia for thoracectomy, suggesting the odds of having PPP three to 18 months following an epidural for thorcotomy were 0.52 compared to not having an epidurals. Evidence syntheses of 18 RCT studies favoured regional anaesthetics for the prevent of persistent pain three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery. Pooling data at three to 8 months after caesarian section from four RCT-based studies favoured the use of regional anaestation after caearean sections. Evidence summary of three RCT trials investigating continuous infusion with local anaesthetic in the prevention and treatment of PPT three to 55 months after iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG) was inconclusive. However, evidence synthesis of two RCT reports also favoured the infusion of intravenous local anaesthetic for the preventive of PP three to six months after cancer surgery, suggesting that intravenous infusion of local anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP. We did not synthesize evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. We conclude that there is moderate-quality evidence that regional anaisation may reduce PPP in women after thoraco- thoracoscopically-related thoracostomy and three to one year after caedare
This review of trials found that second-generation antipsychotics, mood stabilisers, and dietary supplementation by omega-3 fatty acids may be helpful for BPD, but the evidence is based on single studies. The review also found that antidepressants are not widely supported for B PD treatment, but may be useful in the presence of other conditions. No evidence was found for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. The available evidence indicates some beneficial effects with second- generation antipsychotic, mood-stabilising drugs, and omega-based fatty acids. However, these are mostly based on one study effect estimates. The long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed. The findings were suggestive in supporting the use of second- and third-generation second-gen antipsychoids, mood stable drugs, omega-2 fatty acids, and antidepressants, but further research is needed.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Of these, two trials were added for this update (one parallel-control trial with 40 participants and one cross-control RCT with 67 participants). The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence was current to August 2015. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic) compared to no washout, have an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. We also are uncertain whether different compositions of acidic solutions (stronger versus weaker solution) have an effect on how long each catheter was in place because only 14 participants completed this 12 week, three arm trial. Four trials compared different washout solution types (salty versus acidic, saline versus acidic and antibiotic versus antimicrobial solution) and different washouts. We were unable to determine whether different wash out policies (no washout or washout) had an important impact on the number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Four studies reported on possible harmful effects of washout use, such as blood in the washout water, changes in blood pressure and bladder spasms. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included trials were generally of poor quality. The high risk of bias of the included studies resulted in the evidence being graded as low or low quality.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies contributed the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and therefore could not pool results, so we present them descriptively. Eighteen of the studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors), the prevalence rates ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in a sub group of 12 studies including participants aged 16 and over (13,952 survivors), prevalence rates in this group ranged from 4.4% to 60.7%, and in a group of survivors of haematological cancer (1907 survivors) ranged from 1.8% to 35.9%. Prevalence of severe tiredness in brain cancer survivors was presented in two studies (252 survivors) and was 14.6% and 21.1% respectively. One study presented a prevalence for bone cancer survivors of 0.0% (17 survivors). Four studies provided prevalence rates of severe fatigues in control groups of siblings or population-based controls, which were 3.1%, 10.3%, or 10.4%, respectively. In these four studies, survivors were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was statistically significant in only two studies. One of the included studies provided information about the course of fatigue over time, and found that over the course over 2.7 years, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) reported persistent severe fatigue. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast,
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. The trials were of variable quality. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs (16 studies = 16, odds ratio (OR) 0.28, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0 to 0.38) and total mortality (17 studies = 17, OR 0.75, 95%, CI 0.65 to 0). In trials that compared topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic versus the systemic alone) there was also a significant reduced in RTIs but not in total mortality. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect. A combination of systemic and topical antibiotics reduces the risk of respiratory infections and overall mortality in adult patients receiving intensive care. Treatment based on the use of topical prophylaxis alone reduces respiratory infections but not mortality.
This review identified five studies that investigated the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. Overall, the methodological quality of studies was low. The studies revealed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in the group dwelling unit found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased significantly in the control group. There is insufficient evidence supporting the effectiveness in the effectiveness and safety of educational intervention for nursing staff in preventing or decreasing the use or reducing physical restraints.
We searched for evidence on 15 May 2016 and found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) during IVF/ICSI cycles (up to the day of oocyte retrieval) in 416 women. The evidence is current to May 2016. The trials compared gluc glucococortics with placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310 women). For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. One of the two studies gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. The studies were small and had few events, so we were unable to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. There was also insufficient evidence to determine if there was a difference between groups in clinical pregnancy rate. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorts in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF and ICSI cycles until the day after oocyte extraction is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There is insufficient evidence from randomised trials to determine the effect of glucocolorticoids on live birth. The results of this review suggest that if the chance of live births with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rates. There were no adverse effects of gluccorticolic administration. The review also suggests that if there is a chance of clinical pregnancy with placebo, the chance after treatment with glucoctocicoid supplements would be 23% to 47%. There
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo, standard- dose rhGH and high-dose rGH (0.5 mg/ kg/week). Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high dose levels. The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels, but there were no significant differences between the two groups. We also found improvement in height for all comparisons, but improvements in weight and muscle mass were only reported for standard- and high doses of rhGH. There is some evidence indicating a change in blood glucose levels with rh GH but this did not cross the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes in the trials of short duration. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of the number of people with diabetes. The significant change in the blood glucose level, although not causing diabetes, emphasizes the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to diabetes. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in this trial due to the small number of participants. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality-of-life. There were no differences in quality and quantity of exercise capacity between the trials. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. When compared with no treatment, rhGH is effective in improving the intermediate outcomes in height, weight, and lean muscle mass. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. The evidence is current to September
We included 26 studies with 1,695 workers. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to the agent, reducing exposure, or reducing exposure. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that reducing exposure may improve symptoms and lung function compared to continued exposure. It also found that reduction of exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared to continuing exposure. However, reducing the exposure may also increase the risk of unemployment. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We recommend that future studies should be larger and should include more participants.
This review included six trials with 1758 participants. The participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. There was low quality evidence that on- demand use of PPI may increase the risk of symptom control compared with continuous PPI use. There is low quality information that on demand use may increase risk of 'lack of symptom controls' compared with continued PPI treatment. There were also low quality data that on a-demand PPI might be associated with reduced participant satisfaction compared with continuing PPI. There are no data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of PPA discontinuation, although two trials (one on-Demand trial and one abrupt discontinuance trial) reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects. In people with mild GERD, on a -demand deprecribing may lead to an increase in GI symptoms (e.g., dyspepsia, regurgitation), and probably a reduction in pill burden. There may be a decline in participant satisfaction, although heterogeneity was high. There has been no evidence that PPI discontinuation is associated to reduce the use of drugs.
We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants) comparing social skills training versus standard care, or discussion group. These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard services, or compared social skills versus standard treatment. We found evidence that social skills programs may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care. People’s mental state results were better in the group receiving social skills. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills (1 trial). Quality of life was also improved in the social Skills programme compared to the standard care control group. However, when social skills was compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills were compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Whether social skills can improve social functioning of people in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large, multi-centre randomised controlled trial. The quality of the evidence was very limited.
We found one study that compared pegloticase with placebo (a pretend drug) in 225 participants with tophi. The study was conducted in the USA and involved 225 participants. The participants were randomised to one of three treatment groups: peglopicase infusion every two weeks (biweekly), monthly peglotics (pegloticases given alternating with placebo infusion every fortnight) and placebo. The results of the study showed that peglosis was reduced in the subset of participants with gout who received peglotecan (an inactive drug) every two or three weeks, but the number of participants who withdrew from the study due to adverse events was higher. The number of people who withdrew due to side effects was higher in the peglobicase group than in the placebo group. The studies did not report pain relief of 30% or greater, function, quality of life, serum urate normalisation, serum urine normalisation or serum uraemia. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The evidence is up to date to January 2015.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria. The review of these studies found that oral immunosuppressive agents (IgG or IgA) given to newborn infants did not reduce the risk of NEC in comparison with placebo. There were no studies on the use of oral IgA alone for the preventative treatment of NEC, and there were no trials on the combination of IgA and IgG.
This review of five randomised controlled trials found that postoperative platinum based chemotherapy may be an alternative to radiotherapy in terms of survival, progression-free survival and overall survival. Chemotherapy reduces the risk of developing a metastasis (cancer spread outside the pelvis) and reduces the number of women who die from the disease. It reduces the chance of developing the disease again when used with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication programmes, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. The evidence is current to September 2015. Our synthesis showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages (moderate confidence in the evidence). They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family (moderate). However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet (high confidence). Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number (moderate confident). Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others (moderate certainty). The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge (high certainty). Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could also cause problems (moderateconfidence). Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality (highconfidence). Some people suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages (high confident). Cl clients wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them (moderate reliability). They had preferences for different delivery channels (e.g. short message
This review of trials found that methadone is as effective as other medications for the treatment of opioid dependence, although the number of participants in the studies was small and the number was not high. The studies also found that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity. Nevertheless, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin use.
This review of trials found that heavy sedation is more effective than light sedation in reducing opioid withdrawal, but the level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in monetary terms and use of scarce intensive care resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be pursued.
This review included fourteen studies. The studies lasted from 10 days to three months. The review found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, there was no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between the two groups. However, there is some evidence that the effects of this drug may be more pronounced in the short term. The drug may cause movement disorders, but it does cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent (hydroquinone), a cream (hydrocobalamin), a combination of hydroquinone cream and glycolic acid peels, and combinations of hydrocinone cream, rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and Thiospot. Triple-combination cream was more effective at lightening melasma than hydroquinones alone. Azelaic acid (20%) was more successful than 2% hydroquinons but not when compared to 4% hydrocinones. Thiosphereot was more active than placebo. The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
This review of trials found that 5-FU injections can reduce the risk of surgical failure and intraocular pressure in patients undergoing trabeculectomy. However, the small but statistically significant reduction in surgical failure must be weighed against the increased risk of complications and patient preference. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low-dose postoperative 5-FU was found to be very low. The combined surgery postoperative group was not included in the review because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the low- dose postoperative oral 5-UFO group was excluded because of the small number of participants and the high risk of bias of the only contributing study. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care. The review found that the risk for surgical failure was reduced in the first year after trabECulectom. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in patients receiving intraoperative 5,FU and regular-dose 5-LUFU. No significant change occurred in the primary trabteculectoma group receiving low- or intraoperative intraoperative or regular- dose 5-luFU injection. Intranasal pressure was reduced by 5.1 mmHg in the high-risk group receiving regular- and intraoperative and by 5 mmHG in the combined surgery group receiving 5-LuFU injections. No evidence was found of an increased risk for serious sight-threatening complications. The evidence for the use of 5-fu injections after surgery is of very low quality. This means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review of trials found that inhaled steroids may reduce the rate of exacerbations and the rate that patients experience a decline in lung function. However, the use of inhaled corticostimulants (ICS) did not consistently reduce the number of exacerbates or the rate at which patients need to be treated. There was no significant effect on mortality. Long-term use of ICS did not reduce the decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients. There were no major differences in the rate or severity of the bronchial hyperresponsiveness (bronchial overactivity) between the ICS and placebo groups. There is an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis (a skin irritation) and hoarseness in people taking ICS. In the long-term studies, the rate was increased in the IC group compared to placebo in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event. The long- term studies that measured bone effects generally showed no major effect on fractures and bone mineral density over three years. Patients and clinicians should balance the potential benefits of inhaling steroids in COPC (reduced rate of flare-ups, reduced rate of decline in quality of life and possibly reduced rate in lung failure) against the potential side effects (oropharyngeally candidiasis and hoarseeness, and risk of pneumonia).
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) comparing NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared 20 different NSAIDs, 18 non-specific and two non-standardised, versus placebo or each of the other NSAIDs. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with a total of 5820 women. The results of the trials suggest that NSAIDs are more effective than placebo for pain relief in women with primary dysmenorrhoea. However, NSAIDs were associated with more side effects (overall side effects: 25 studies, 25 women taking NSAIDs; gastrointestinal side effects; neurological side effects): 7 women taking placebo; and 7 women using paracetamicol (three studies, 3 women taking paracetaminophen). NSAIDs appeared to be more effective for pain reduction than paracetamate (three women taking a paracetamine). There was no evidence of a difference with regard to side effects, though data were very scanty. NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment for dysmen orrhoeas, though women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk of side effects. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmenorrrhoeA. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%), a further 31% failed to state their source of funding.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low levels PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. We found that high levels of ventilation did not reduce the risk of death before hospital discharge. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the two groups. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels (high) levels of ventilation. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity. We identified no significant differences between the high levels and the same low levels in the risk for the occurrence of barotrauma (head injury). The data also show that high level of PEP produced no significant reduction in the number of participants at risk of barots (head injuries) but rather improved oxygenation to the first, third, and seventh days. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010) and 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from the initial review due to concerns about integrity of data and six studies lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria. Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for renal replacement therapy (RRT) in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies and the number with author-defined kidney failure. The risk of AKI based on RIFle-F (failure) criteria also showed an increased risk of kidney failure in individuals treated HES products. The RIFL-R (risk) based RIFLe-R criteria for AKI was in contrast in favour of HES therapies. However, when RIF-R urine output based outcomes were excluded as per study protocol, the direction of AKIs again favoured the other fluid type, with a non-significant RR of AK I in HES-treated patients. A more robust effect was seen for the RIFLET-I (injury) outcome, with an RR of 1.22 in the RFS-R based subgroup. No differences between subgroups for the outcomes of sepsis versus non-sepsis patients, high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low MW and DS (≥ 200 kDa and > 0.4 DS versus 130 kDa or 0.2 DS) HES solutions, or high versus low dose treatments (i.e. ≥ 2 L versus < 2 L). There were differences identified between sepsi versus non blood type subgroups in the outcomes RIFlete-R and RIFlet-I based outcomes only, which may reflect the differing renal response to fluid resuscitation in pre-renal versus sepsic-associated AKI. Overall the methodological quality of the studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that Rheam officinare had a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD. However, no significant difference was found between Rheaum officinane and captoprial for any outcome. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rheom officinune. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The evidence was limited and of low quality.
We searched for studies that compared IQCODE with other tests of memory and thinking, or with a specialist memory test. We found 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413 (51%) with dementia). The IQCode can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. The IQAID can be applied to people who are not at risk, but who have dementia. The language of administration of the IQCOD did not affect its accuracy, which supports its use in the cross-cultural use of the tool. The quality of the included studies was not high, and the included papers were of poor quality. There was also evidence of suboptimal reporting, particularly around disease severity and handling indeterminate results, which are important if considering use in clinical practice.
We included three studies in this review, involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) compared to task practice therapies alone; and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. There was 'low quality' evidence for mCIMTs improving upper limb motor function and spasticities in chronic stroke survivors with residual voluntary upper limb activity, up to six months, and'very low quality' quality of evidence for dynamic elbow splintings and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. There is no evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD rehabilitation in improving active function and impairments following Bo NT for upper arm spasticia in adults. No studies addressed interventions in children and those with lower limb spastics, or after other focal intramuscular treatments for spasticis. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on passive function (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) and intensity of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults and children with post-stroke spasticies, in the short and longer term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area. All studies were at high risk of bias. The quality. The evidence was of low level.
This review identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, that compared the use of long-term combination treatment with lamivudine and HBIg to HBIG alone or lamivudiudine alone or HBIh with lamvudine or Hbig alone. The trials were of poor quality and were not adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large randomised trial comparing long-lasting combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone, including the newer antiviral drugs, are needed.
This review of trials found that suphonylurea (a drug) with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months (n = 14) of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was evidence that suphosphonate (a medicine) with or without metformin gave poorer metabolic control compared to insulin alone (mean difference in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) from baseline to end of study, for insulin compared to oral therapy: -1.3% (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.4 to -0.1; P = 0.03, 160 participants, four studies, follow-ups/duration of therapy: 12, 30, 36 and 60 months; however, heterogeneity was considerable). In addition there was some evidence that sulphonylurenate caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at two years was 30% in the suphonate with or with metformins group compared to 5% in conventional care group). The proportion of patients classified as insulin dependent was 64% in both the suphyroxine with or insulin group and 12.5% in insulin alone group. No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide levels, but insulin maintained stimulated C-peak levels better than suphonsate. In a five year follow- up of GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide), improvements in fasting and stimulated Cpeptid levels (20 μg) were maintained after five years. One study using vitamin D with insulin showed steady fasting C/P levels in the vitamin D group but declining fasting C+P levels (368 to 179 pmol/L, P = 1.006) in the insulin alone groups at 12-month follow-uppers. One of the studies showed that vitamin D may
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review. We included 63 studies (42,784 participants) that compared social norms interventions with no social norms intervention for preventing alcohol misuse among college/university students. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms for prevention of alcohol misuse. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence is current to September 2016. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of the same. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) evaluated the provision (with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions to functional activities) of hip protection with or without restrictions to activities of daily living. There was no evidence that hip precautions with or with the addition (or without the use of equipment) of postoperative equipment or restrictions to activity of daily life improved function or health-related quality of life at 12 months follow-up. The quality of evidence was very low. We are uncertain if hip precautions are effective in preventing hip dislocations and improving outcomes after THA, and we are uncertain whether hip precautions without the need for restrictions to daily activities are effective. One small study (146 participants) investigated the provision a postoperative education and rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL versus a conventional rehabilitation intervention in the community. We were uncertain if the provision improved function at six months follow up, when assessed using the Objective and Subjective Functional Capability Index (a tool to measure functional ability) compared to conventional rehabilitation. The trial did not assess pain score or quality of the life of participants. The results of this study were inconclusive. The review found no evidence to support or refute the use or rejection of a postoperatively-based rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and rehabilitation. There is insufficient evidence to recommend the use and implementation of a community rehabilitation programme. Further high-quality trials are warranted to assess the outcomes of different occupational therapy interventions both in the short and longer
This review found three randomised controlled trials that compared LNG-IUD use with expectant management. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that LNGs reduce the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. The number of women reporting a change in menstruation was higher in the LNG group but the number of participants not completing the allocated treatment did not differ between groups. The LNG was associated with lower pain scores compared with gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists but this did not reach statistical significance. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative LNG, or LNG/IUD, use reduces the recurrences of painful period in women. Further well-designed randomised trials are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with a total of 17,967 participants. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (14/24), with adult participants (17/24) and used between-participants designs (19/24). All studies were conducted mainly in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The evidence is current to September 2015. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, we found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s). For consumption outcomes, the evidence was of moderate certainty. For consumption outcome, we were uncertain about the effect of fewer options, but the certainty of the evidence for consumption was low or very low. For the other outcomes, only one study with one comparison was identified, which found that food placed farther away resulted in moderate reduction in its consumption. For other outcomes we were very uncertain about whether the effect was greater when the product was placed farther from the participants, when only the targeted product(s) was available, when participants were of low deprivation status, and when the study was at high risk of bias. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the certainty and applicability of this evidence is low or low. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, intervening across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco products - and over sustained time periods.
We searched for studies that compared the effect of PEP with placebo (a pretend treatment) or with other antiretroviral drugs for preventing HIV seroconversion in people who work in the workplace. We found one study that compared PEP to placebo. The study was conducted in the United States, and the number of participants was small. The results of the study showed that PEP was not effective in preventing HIV infection in people working in the field. However, it was not possible to detect a difference in the rates of people who stopped taking the drug after exposure to HIV. The use of Pep is based on limited evidence of effect. However it is highly unlikely that a definitive placebo-controlled trial will ever be conducted, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a single case-control study, a four-week regimen of PEEP should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk of HIV infection. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug antirerviral regimens following occupational exposure to the virus. However due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV-infected individuals, a combination of antirereceptor-lowering drugs should be used for PEP. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that PEE is not 100% effective in protecting people from HIV serconversion.
This review of trials found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately following treatment, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. CBT is effective in altering mood and worsening of symptoms immediately after treatment, when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, but this effect is weak and is only seen immediately after the treatment. CBBT has small positive effects on disability and catastrophicising, but not on pain or mood, when comparing with active controls. CBTs have no effects on mood, but show an effect on catastrophifying immediately post-treatment. CBTS but not behaviour therapy has small effects on chronic pain, with some maintenance at six months. CBt is a useful approach to the management of chronic pain. There is no need for more general RCTs reporting group mean: rather, different types of studies and analyses are needed to identify which components of CBT work for which type of patient on which outcome/s, and to try to understand why.
We searched for studies that compared population-level interventions to reduce salt intake in the diet of people living in government jurisdictions for dietary sodium reduction. We found 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met our inclusion criteria. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Ten of the 15 national interventions provided sufficient data for us to be able to analyse. We graded the quality of the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias of the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. We could only perform a sensitivity analysis only for impact. We identified no adverse effects of these initiatives. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated interventions of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a statistically significant mean decrease in salt intake from pre-intervention to post-interventions, and one showed a significantly larger average increase in salt consumption from preintervention (1.66 grams/ day more per person) to postintervention. Two of these showed mean increase in average daily salt intake per person from pre/post. However, in both countries the pre-prevention data point was from several years prior to the initiation of the intervention. The remaining initiatives did not show a statistically important change. Nine of the ten initiatives provided data for analysis. We were unable to determine whether a difference in salt intakes occurred between men and women separately. For men, five initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, France, United Kingdom, United States, and three (Netherlands, Switzerland, United USA) showed a decrease in average salt intake, and two (Canada, United America) showed an increase in mean salt intake. For women, three initiatives (China, Finland and France) showed no significant change, four (Austaria, Netherlands, Switzerland and United Kingdom)
We searched for studies that compared medicines to placebo (a pretend medicine) or to no treatment for sleep bruxism. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study, and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine (one), propranolol (one) and levodopa (Prolopa®) (one trial) were compared with placebo. Studies evaluating bromopropranolole, clonidrine, propranol and levidopa reported our primary outcome of motor activity. These were the specific findings for each of the drugs according to specific outcomes: 1. Amitripyline versus placebo for masseteric electromyography (EMG) activity per minute: standardized mean difference (SMD) -0.28 (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.91 to 0.34; P value = 0.37), 2. bromOCriptine versus placebo: mean difference -0 (95%) (CI -2.93 to 4.13), bruxisms episodes per hour: MD -2 (95%), bruxists bursts per hour (MD 0.50 (95%). 3. clonazine versus placebo (MD -2) (95%, CI -4.84 to 0). 4. levodoprofloxacil versus placebo; MD -1 (95%; CI -1 to 3.47), for bruxist episodes per day: MD 1.16 (95 %) (CI 1.89 to 4), 5. L-tryptophan versus placebo, for masseters of EMG activity per second: SMD 0.08 (95%. CI -0 to 1.06) and
We searched for studies that compared the effects of immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants in adults with ARDS. We found 10 studies that included 1015 participants. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-2 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants) with the usual diet. All 10 studies reported deaths. We are uncertain whether immunonut nutrition with omega 3 fatty acids or antioxidants improves the duration of time spent on the ventilator or ICU, or oxygenation. We also are uncertain if immunonutnutrition with omega 2 fatty acids improves the number of ICU and ventilatory days or oxygen levels. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of participants. We were unable to determine whether immunonutrition with Omega-3 fats or antioxidants reduces the length of time on the ICU or ventilators. We did not find any evidence that immunonutritional supplements with omega or antioxidants improve the number or duration of ICUs or oxygenations. We do not know whether immunontrition with antioxidants improves cardiac, gastrointestinal, or total adverse events. We rated the quality as very low.
We found 33 studies that compared different methods of asking questions. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with different populations and different methods. The evidence is current to January 2015. The majority of the studies were of good quality, but two studies were small and of poor quality. The methods used to ask questions were not always well described. The authors of the narrative review found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs being detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between the two methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of the question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. There is a risk for under-detection of AE in studies using a more specific approach to asking questions compared to those using a comprehensive approach. This under-under-detention could compromise ability to pool AE data. However the impact on the nature and severity of the AE detected by different methods is unclear. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. The review authors suggest that future studies would be improved by using and reporting clear definitions and terminology for AEs (and other important variables), frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, coded, and tabulated/reported. While the many potential AE endpoints in
We searched for studies that compared the effects of nocturnal supervision with other interventions in people with epilepsy. We found 15 studies, but only one study was included in the review. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls found that the presence of noonturnal supervision may prevent SUDEP in people who have epilepsy. This effect was found when a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. This result was based on a small number of studies. We did not find any evidence that the use of devices to detect GTCS or other potential risk factors for SUDEP, such as epilepsy, increased the risk of SUDE. We also found no evidence that any of the interventions reduced the number of deaths or other adverse effects. We assessed the quality of the evidence as very low. We identified no studies that assessed the effects on anxiety, depression, and quality of life. We are uncertain whether the use or lack of use of seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists in preventing SUDEP is effective. We need more research to determine the effectiveness of these interventions.
The review included seven studies with 208 participants. The studies were of variable length and design and involved a wide range of participants. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst one study enrolled participants with an infective exacerbation. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide variety of disease severity reported. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. All seven studies measured the amount of air that was pumped out of the lungs in one second and measured the quality of life of participants in all seven studies. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak expiratory flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. Six out of seven studies reported sputum weight. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation levels, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic ventilation was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion. The review found no studies comparing exercise with exercise. The evidence is current to September 2014.
This review found that psychological therapies, based on CBT principles, are effective in reducing anxiety and worry symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. However, the body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD, and to inform GAD policy on which psychological therapies are most appropriate.
This review of trials found that women who had had three or more consecutive miscarriages may have fewer miscarriages in subsequent pregnancies. The evidence is current to April 2014. The review included 12 trials with 1,856 women. The trials were conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. The women were followed up for at least six months. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The average age of women in the trials was between 40 and 45 years. The duration of the progestogen treatment varied across the trials. The number of miscarriages was reduced by about one miscarriage per 1000 women in 10 trials (1684 women) and by about two miscarriages per 1000 in four trials (1411 women). The evidence was of moderate quality. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate for the number of miscarriage and very low for the rate of preterm birth. The quality of evidence was very low or low for other outcomes. The main reasons for the low quality of this evidence were that the trials were small and the number and duration of treatment varied between the trials, and that the women were not always followed up to a minimum of six months after the end of the trial.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 14 studies with 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) that compared MIB versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. The evidence is current to January 2017. The included studies were of moderate quality. The studies did not often report on outcomes for the mother or her baby. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at delivery, or low birth weight. However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test at the start of treatment) in any psychosolic intervention group compared to control. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psycho-bupropion, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However few studies evaluated outcomes for mothers and their babies, and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect of psychological interventions on these outcomes. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate psychosological modalities of treatment in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term adverse clinical events (NACE) (i.e. adverse events that occurred during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up) and cardiac death (i). However, short- term myocardial infarction was similar between both groups. The transradary approach had a lower procedural success rate (i) but was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality (i), bleeding, and access site complications (i); and low quality evidence (i): NACE, cardiac death, bleeding, bleeding and access sites complications. Transradial approaches may reduce short- and long-term clinical outcomes (i:e. beyond 30 days) in CAD. Transadradial method may reduce the risk of NACE and cardiac deaths, but the risk for bleeding, access site and access complications is unclear. TransRadial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in coronary artery bypass surgery may reduce NACE (i; high quality evidence), cardiac death and bleeding, all- cause mortality, bleeding (i, low quality of evidence), and access to the coronary artery. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-lasting clinical outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia to other interventions. We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria. One study (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a palliation team for people who had been hospitalised for an acute illness. The other study (256 participants) assessed the effect on end-of-life feeding options for families of nursing home residents with advanced disease. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because participants were aware of the intervention they were receiving. This and small sample sizes meant that the overall certainty of all the evidence was very low. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. One individually randomised study (100 participants) reported that a pallance plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group. The palliatives care plan was also more likely on discharge from hospital. We did not find any evidence that the intervention affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission. For the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. One cluster study (128 participants) compared a decision aid on end of-of the life feeding options on surrogate decision-makers of nursing homes with advanced carers. In this study, intervention surrogates had lower scores for decisional conflict measured on the Decisional Conflict Scale and were more likely than participants in a control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician. However, imprecision meant that there was significant uncertainty about both results. The results of this study were not consistent with the results of the other study. The overall certainty in the evidence for all outcomes was very uncertain. There were only two studies in this review, with variation in the interventions and in the settings that made it impossible to combine the results. Thus, we conclude that there is insufficient evidence to assess the
This review of three well-conducted randomised trials found that there were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse-free and metastasis-free outcomes. There was a small increase in the risk of anaemia, neutropenia and pigmentation with concurrent chemoradiation. There were no differences between two methods of sequential sequence generation for the outcomes of local recurrences, overall and metastatic recurrence. There is no evidence that one method of sequencing is better than the other for the outcome of local and metastasionic cancer recurrence, but there is some evidence that sequential sequence sequencing may increase the risk for neutropenic sepsis.
We searched for evidence on 7 February 2016 and found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three RCTS compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance and weight training, and the other RCT was CrP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses of CrPs with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We concluded that there is no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of Crp supplements in overweight or obese adults.
We found eleven studies with a total of 886 participants. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a range (different) surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. The evidence is current to September 2014. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. There were some evidence of some evidence that zinc oxide cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. One of the studies reported that sucralfate cream increased wound healing compared to petrolatum. The study also reported lower wound pain scores in the sucralmate group. There is moderate quality evidence that more open wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed when treated with a honey-soaked gauze compared with a EUSOL-soak gauze over three weeks' follow-up. There may be some evidence for possible treatment effects of different antiseptic preparations. There are no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptics or antibiotics for wound healing. Where some evidence was reported, it was from single studies with small numbers of participants and was of moderate or low quality. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). For amniosticesis three interventions were evaluated - intramuscular progesterone, hexoprenaline and selecting high or low puncture sites for late 'blind' procedure - each intervention in a single small study. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised controlled trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-randomised controlled studies (1181 participants, 8037 live births); two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower-middle country (Bangladesh), and three studies in a high-income country (Canada). Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. Three studies included maize flour fortified alone or in combination with other nutrients. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months. The evidence is current to January 2015. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination for attrition and contamination. The quality of the studies was low to very low. The included studies were small and had unclear methods for randomising participants to receive either a treatment or a control group. The overall certainty of evidence was very low or low for the following outcomes: total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele. In one non-RCT, wheat flour fortification of wheat flour with foli-acid and other microns was associated with significantly lower occurrence of total neural tubes defects, total neural birth defects, and spina Bifida compared to unfortified flour. In two non-rCTs, serum foliate concentrations were higher among women who consumed flour fortified and other nutrients compared to women who did not. Haemoglobin or anaemia: in a cluster-randomized trial among children, there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on haem
We found six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 newborn infants (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The trials were of variable design and measured different outcomes. The results of the trials suggest that screening is more likely to improve lung function in newborn infants with CF than not screening. Severe malnutrition was less common among screened participants. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters within normal limits of at least 89% predicted. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were better among screened infants; 33% of screening versus 50% of control participants had better chest X-ray scores over five and 24% of the screened versus 45% of participants had Brasfield chest X test scores under 21. Over time, chest radiographs showed that chest X tests were worse in screened infants. In screened infants colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa occurred earlier. The evidence suggests that screening through screening is less expensive than traditional diagnosis. Nutritional benefits are apparent. Screening provides potential for better pulmonary outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Despite achieving a lower blood pressure target (lower) systolic blood pressure (lower blood pressure was 120.3/64.4 mmHg (current until June 2014) versus 133.5/70.5 mmHG (current to June 2014), the only significant benefit in the group assigned to 'lower' systolic blood pressure targets was a reduction in the incidence of stroke. There was no difference in the risk of stroke in the participants assigned to the 'lower blood blood pressure lower target. The effect of the lower blood blood pressures on mortality was compatible with both a reduction and an increase in risk. Trying to achieve the'lower' blood pressure upper target was associated with a significant increase in the number of other serious adverse events. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse effects were not reported in any of the trials. A sensitivity analysis of trials comparing DBP targets < 80 mmHGs (as suggested in clinical guidelines) versus < 90 mmHgs showed similar results. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low. This means that the true effect of lower blood pressures may be substantially different from what is currently recommended. Further research is needed to determine the best blood pressure blood pressure goal for people with elevated blood pressure and diabetes.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in healing plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. Non-remachable casts are also more effective than removable devices, such as dressings, in the treatment of plantar plantar heel ulcers. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
We searched for studies that compared cognitive training with no intervention, cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), cognitive behavioural therapies (CAT), cognitive behavioral therapy (CT), cognitive-behaviour therapy (CAT), cognitive activity therapy, cognitive-based therapies (CT) or cognitive behavioural interventions with no treatment. We found five studies that met our inclusion criteria. Two studies (n = 100) compared computer-assisted cognitive training to a control group, two studies (95 participants) compared a cognitive training intervention to a wait-list control group and one study (19 participants) combined the results of two studies comparing a cognitive-behavior therapy with a control intervention. The evidence is current to May 2015. We assessed the evidence for cognitive training as being of low quality. We did not find any evidence that cognitive training improved cognitive function immediately or two months after the intervention. Compensatory strategy training did not improve physical well-being immediately or on mental well-ness two months post-intervention. However, lower mental well being immediately after the treatment was observed in patients who received compensatory strategy-training compared to those on a wait list. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for cognitive function, mental wellbeing and self-reported cognitive function. We judged the quality to be low for physical and mental health outcomes. We need more research in this area.
We found six trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. The trials were of very low quality. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and piperacetazine. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) and found no clear differences between the drugs. Chlorpromazine appears no worse or better than piper acetazine regarding adverse effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear difference in numbers of participants leaving the study early for any reason was observed. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. The results of this review show chlorpromamide and p Piperacetazine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on very small numbers of people and the evidence is very low-quality. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Currently, should clinicians and people with schizophrenia need to choose between chlor promazine and Piperacetamines, they should be aware there is no good quality evidence to base decisions. More high quality research is needed.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The trials compared the use of colorectal stents with emergency surgery for the treatment of coloredomatous colorectional obstruction. The use of stents was successful in 86.02% of the attempted stent placement. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. There were no significant differences in the complication rate between the two groups, but the clinical success rate was higher in the intervention group. The stent related perforation rate was 5.88% in the stent insertion group and 2.13% in emergency surgery. The complication rate was 39.22% in colonic and 45.71% in an emergency surgery intervention group and the mean hospital stay was 11.53 days in both the colon and emergency surgery groups. However, the use colorestal stent seems to be as safe in the malignant coloreCTal obstruction as the emergency surgical intervention with no statistically important difference in mortality and morbidity. The advantages of colorctal Stent are shorter hospital stay and procedure time and less blood loss. However the trials were of variable design and the number of participants varied between the included studies. Therefore, further randomised studies with bigger sample size and well defined trial design are needed to achieve the robust evidence. The quality and safety of the evidence was assessed to be high. The evidence was up to date to May 2013.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1867 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials compared three different plasma expanders (human albumin, human heparin and mannitol) with placebo or no treatment. The review found that human albumin reduced OHSS rates, but the evidence was of very low to moderate quality. There was no evidence that human heperin or mannitor had any influence on pregnancy rates. There were no data on live birth rates. The results of the trials were inconclusive. The main limitations of the evidence were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. The findings of this review suggest that the plasma expander (humanalbumin, HES and mananitol) reduce rates of moderate and severe OHSS in women at high risk. However, there was no clear evidence that HES or mananitor had an effect on pregnancy. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. The quality of the available evidence was very low. The included trials were of low to very low quality. The overall quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of trials and the small numbers of women included in the trials.
This review of 10 studies involving 484 patients found no evidence to suggest that any one sclerosing agent was superior to another in terms of efficacy or patient satisfaction. However, there was some evidence that polidocanol (a synthetic derivative of the drug polidosyllate) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was probably more likely than polidOCanol to cause side effects. There was some information suggesting that STS was more painful than polidiocarbon (a type of saline solution) and that hypertonics (salt water) were more painful. There is insufficient evidence to determine which sclerosant is the best for treating telangiectasias of the lower limbs. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction, and to compare the results of individual studies.
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were of variable quality. The main outcomes were death, heart attacks and cardiac arrhythmias. The drugs studied were salbutamol, insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline. Salbutamole administered via either a nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. The peak effect of 10 mg nebulised salbutamic acid was seen at 120 minutes and at 90 minutes for 20 mg nebulaised sal butamol. One study reported 1.2 mg salbutamyol via MDI 1.5 mg produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes. Intravenous (IV) and nebulized salbutamate produced comparable effects. Insulin-dexrose was more effective than bicarbate and was more than bicaarbonate at 60 and 90 minutes. Insulins (bicarbonates) and aminsophyllines (resins) were not studied in any placebo-controlled studies. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. The effectiveness of potassium binding resin and IV calcium salts has not been tested in randomised controlled trials. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of hyperKalaemia is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes. Of the studied agents, salbut amol via any route and IV insulin-decrease appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as IV sodium biccarbonate or aminopylline, and further study is needed before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We searched for studies that compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. We found 39 studies, enrolling 4216 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. Antimicrobial lock solution probably reduces the incidence of CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however antimicrobial and non antimicrobial locking solutions probably make little or no difference to the risk of thrombosis per 1000 days (14 studies: very low certainty). Antibiotic antimicrobial (antifungal) and combined (antitiotic-non antibiotic) lock solutions decreased the incidence (corticosteroid) of CPT compared to control lock solutions, whereas non- antimicrobial antimicrobial locked solutions probably reduce CRI only for tunnelled CVC. The effect on thromboembosis incidence is uncertain for all antimicrobialLock solutions. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We recommend that further research is conducted to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimicrobial locks.
We identified 15 studies (1098 participants) that compared pre-emptive therapy with placebo or standard care (where the transplant patient is given a dummy treatment) or with antiviral therapy (where a medicine is given to prevent CMV disease) to prevent the development of CMV in solid organ transplant recipients. The evidence is current to August 2015. Pre-emptives were compared with placebo (where people are given a fake treatment) and standard care. The review found that pre-eternal therapy is effective compared with no pre-ET. Preemptive treatment significantly reduced the risk of CMCV disease but not acute rejection or death from any cause. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. Leucopenia was significantly less common with pre-ethosuppressive therapy compared with prophylaxis. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. These studies involved a total of 140 participants and ranged from six weeks to five months in duration. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. The trials were conducted in the USA and were funded by the manufacturer of the sweet potato preparation. The studies showed that sweet potato prepared with 4 g of sugar per day improved glycaemia control in people with type 2 diabetic mellitus compared to placebo. No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. There is insufficient evidence about the use of sweet potatoes for type 2 diabetics. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations - including other varieties of sweet Potato - need to be addressed. Further observational trials and RCTs evaluating the effects on glycemic control are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice.
We searched for studies that compared the active cycle of breathing technique with other treatments for cystic fibrosis. We found 19 studies, involving 440 participants, that compared active cycle breathing technique to other treatments. Five studies compared the breathing technique against autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiratory pressure. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the included studies blinded participants or the personnel applying the treatments. However most of the trials reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. Five of the 19 studies found that the active cycles of breathing techniques were comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. No significant difference was seen in quality of breathing, exercise tolerability, lung dysfunction, or oxygen saturation between the active cycling technique and autogenic or high frequency compression. There was no significant difference in lung function and the number of lung exacerbations between the breathing therapy and conventional chest exercise. All other outcomes were either not measured or had insufficient data for analysis. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use of the active Cycle of breathing therapy over any other airway clearance therapy. More studies are needed to more adequately assess the effects of the breathing techniques on outcomes important for people with cystic lung disease, such as quality of lives and preference. The
The review of trials found that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there was low quality evidence that briefco-incubsation of the sperm and the oocytes was associated with an increased ongoing pregnancy rate compared to the standard insemination protocol. There was low-quality evidence that there were no differences in the chances of miscarriage between brief coincubations and standard insesmination. More research is needed to determine whether brief coubation would contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate compared with the standard overnight insemination protocol.
This review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, found that infants born with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Long IT was associated with an increase in air leaks and deaths before hospital discharge. Longer ITs did not reduce the risk of BPD.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The studies were of low methodological quality. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFu, the TFUs, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Of the eight meta-analyses in this review, five showed considerable statistical heterogeneity. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. The low methodological and patient-centred nature of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We identified 38 relevant trials. These trials were conducted in a variety of countries, countries, healthcare and community settings. The trials evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, the number of participants remaining in the trial. Strategies that improved trial retention were addition of monetary incentives compared with no incentive for return of trial-related postal questionnaires, addition of an offer of monetary incentive compared with a no-money incentive and an offer a GBP20 voucher compared with GBP10 for return. The evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires was unclear and the evidence for questionnaires relevant to the disease/condition was also unclear. Although each was based on the results of a single trial, recorded delivery of questionnaires seemed to be more effective than telephone reminders and a 'package' of postal communication strategies with reminder letters appeared to be better than standard procedures. An open trial design also appeared more effective for return to trial sites for trial follow-up. There was no good evidence that the addition of a non-monetary incentive, an offer or non-money, 'enhanced' letters, letters delivered by priority post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order either increased or decreased trial questionnaire response/retention. There were also no evidence that a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. As our analyses are based on single trials, we cannot be certain that the effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to trial site and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further evaluation. Case management and behavioural strategies used for trial retention may also warrant further evaluation, as they may be more likely to be effective than other strategies evaluated in single trials. There is no evidence to support
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants. We found no significant differences between devices in relation to the primary review outcome: failure to adequately ventilate. We evaluated this outcome by assessing two variables: inadequate oxygenation and inadequate ventilation. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. No studies reported significant differences in the number of participants who experienced obstruction related to the device. We assessed the quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, as low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision. Data show no important differences between device types with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. Data were insufficient to allow estimation of differences for obstruction related related to device. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. We concluded that the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway makes a better seal and therefore may be more suitable than the Classic larynx airway for positive pressure ventilation. The Classic larygeal masks may be quicker to insert, but this is unlikely to be clinically meaningful. We rated the quality as low for all of the outcomes.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. The studies were conducted in eight different countries and involved children aged between four and 18 years from eight different gastroenterology clinics. The average age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience a reduction in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we found that there was no reduction in the pain intensity of children treated by probiotics compared to those given a placebo. We found that probiotics may be effective in improving pain in children with RAP. However we found no evidence that probiotic-based interventions were more effective than placebo in improving the pain of children with this condition. We also found that fibre-based diets were not more effective in reducing pain than placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate for pain and moderate for other outcomes. We were unable to combine the results of the studies for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these outcomes or used comparable measures to assess them. With the exception of one study, all studies reported monitoring children for adverse events; no major adverse events were reported. Overall, we judged the quality of evidence for pain, pain intensity, and adverse events to be moderate. We judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imp
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Most of the included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. The median standardised mean difference (SMD) for the three trials (n > 394) with continuous outcomes was -0.25, with SMDs ranging from -0 (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.39 to -0) to -1 (CI -0). The two studies ( 802) with dichotomous discrimination outcomes showed no evidence that mass media interventions had an effect. Finding from the 19 trials (involving 3176 participants) with prejudice outcomes (inactive or active) was mixed, and the median SMD for the intervention was -1 week to 2 months. The average SMD was 0.38 (immediate), -0(0.38) (1 week-to-2 months) and -049 (0.49) (6 to 9 months). The median SMDs for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from -2.94 (95%) to 2.40 (95%). The medianSMD for prejudice outcome across all included studies was 2.94. The findings indicate that mass Media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from that associated with schizophrenia to that associated in major depression. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Data on secondary outcomes were sparse. Cost data were provided on request for three studies (
We included 85 studies in our review. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored their views and the views of healthcare providers, and 22 studies incorporated the views both of women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. We found 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context (11 findings, five moderate- or high-confidence); service design and provision (17 findings, 15 moderate- and high-quality); and what matters to women and staff (17 results, 11 moderate- to high- confidence). The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas; personalised supportive care, and information and safety. We also developed two lines of argument, using high- or moderate-confidence findings: For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women’s need for privacy, and that allow staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. Women’re perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their general beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or a risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant, as well as on local socio-culture norms relating to the advantages or otherwise of the antenatal care for healthy pregnancies, and for those with complications. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience of ANC design and service when they access it for the first time. The capacity of healthcare
This review of trials found that oral nimodipine reduces the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after SAH. However, the results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral namodipines and the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. The evidence for nimmodipeine is not beyond all doubt, but given the potential benefits and modest risks of this treatment, oral nomodipeine has been recommended as an initial treatment for SAH in patients with SAH and intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended on the basis of the present evidence. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
We searched for studies that compared myeloablative therapy with conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment in children with high-risk neuroblastoma. We found three studies that included 739 children. The age of the children in the studies ranged from one year to 18 months. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden and the UK. The results of the studies were not consistent. The evidence is current to September 2014. The three studies showed that myeloablation therapy was better than conventional chemotherapy in terms of survival in terms event-free survival. However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses, the difference in event- free survival was no longer statistically significant. The two studies that reported on the number of children who died from cancer were not large enough to show any difference between the treatment groups. The data from one study (379 patients) showed a higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease in the myeloabblative group compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference between treatment groups was identified. No information on quality of life was reported. The quality of the evidence was not high. All studies had some methodological limitations. The overall survival of children with myeloabilative therapy was not significantly different from that of children treated with conventional treatment. The number of deaths from cancer was not different between the groups. No definitive conclusions can be made regarding adverse effects and quality of lives, although possible higher levels of adverse effects should be kept in mind. A definitive conclusion regarding the effect of myeloabelative therapy in different subgroups is not possible. This systematic review only allows a conclusion on the concept of myeloblation therapy; no conclusions can yet be made on the best treatment strategy. The best study design to answer these questions is a randomised controlled trial. These trials should be performed in homogeneous study populations (e
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and identified eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration of the trials was 12 months. The evidence is current to February 2017. We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause, and the risk for tumour response (complete response plus partial response) from 8 trials. TACE may have increased the risk that tumour cells were grown back, but the evidence was of low to very low certainty. We are uncertain about the effect of TACE on health-related quality of life. None of the included trials reported serious adverse events. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE compared with 3-dCRT did not reduce the risk in the proportion that had leukopenia (low-certainty evidence), serum transaminases (a marker of tumour growth) elevation (very low-certainies), and serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) without decline or normalisation (very-low-quality evidence). The rate of participants with serum alphafetop protein (AFP), a marker of liver function, without decline (normalisation) was lower in the TACE group than in the 3- DCRT group, but these data were from one trial only. The risk of adverse events was higher in the group that received TACE, but we are uncertain of the effect on the other outcomes. The quality of the evidence for the outcomes of all-cause mortality and tumour responses was low to moderate. The certainty of the available evidence was very low because of the methodological weaknesses in the included studies.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. To date, no randomised trials are available that examine the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for infants with (or developing) CLD. Research should be directed at evaluating the effects on this group of infants on clinically important outcomes like mortality, respiratory status, growth and development. The benefits and harms of various ways of increasing energy intake, including higher energy density (higher energy volume of milk feed and/or fluid volume), parenteral nutrition, and the use of various constituents of energy like carbohydrate, protein and fat for this purpose also need to be assessed.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or low (femoral vein N > 1) for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome (fever) and high at best for two outcomes (sublavian and thigh veins N = 1). Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. For the subclavan vein (nine studies, 2030 participants, 2049 procedures), two-dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of accidental puncture (three trials, 498 participants) and haematoma formation (three studies, 496 participants). No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications (one study, 311 participants, 311 procedures). However, success on the first attempt was more likely with ultrasound (three clinical trials, 224 participants, 224 procedures) and a small increase in the overall success rate was noted (one clinical trial, 311 patients, 311 operations). No data on mortality or participant-reported outcomes were provided. No data were available for analysis for the femoral vein (four clinical trials 311 participants). The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain. The results of this review are based on the results of 13 studies involving 2341 patients. The evidence is current to August 2014.
This review of 15 studies found that there were no usable results from the intravenous infusion trials. There were also no usable data from the controlled-release trials. The best dose of physostigmine was associated with improvement on the Alzheimer's disease activity scale (ADAS-Cog) at 6, 12 weeks. There was no benefit of the conventional oral form of the drug compared with placebo. The results from two of the four controlled-stage trials of the controlled release form apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. The evidence of effectiveness of physstagmine for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's is limited. Even in a controlled release formulation designed to overcome the short half-life, physostgmine showed no convincing benefit and adverse effects remained common leading to a high rate of withdrawal. The lower dose (delivering mean dose 5.7mg/day) was associated in the trials of higher quality with significantly higher numbers of patients suffering gastrointestinal complaints compared with the placebo. There is no difference between the higher and lower dose of the drugs for numbers improved (CGIC) at 24 weeks.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with a previous stroke, and one trial recruited people who had a mix of people with CVD. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The evidence is current to January 2018. The review showed that fibrates can prevent the occurrence of non-fatal stroke, non- fatal myocardial infarction, and vascular death. However, the effect of fibrate drugs on these outcomes is based on the inclusion of clofibrate data, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to its unacceptably large adverse effects. There was no increase in adverse events with fibratin drugs compared to control. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitation of the review was that the number of trials included in the review is small and the number and quality of trials varied between trials. The overall quality of evidence was low.
This review of trials found that giving TA to women at low risk of excessive bleeding after elective CS (nine trials, 2453 women) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 women) decreases blood loss and prevents PPH and blood transfusions following vaginal birth and CS in women at risk of PPH. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the use of TA. Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness were more common with the TA. The effect of TA on maternal mortality, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events is uncertain. The quality of evidence was also as assessed using GRADE. The included studies had moderate risk of bias for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding, selective reporting and low risk for incomplete data. The evidence is current to August 2014.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine and rimantadines with placebo (a pretend drug) or paracetamol (a fake medicine) or zanamivir (an antiviral drug) to treat influenza A. The evidence is current to February 2015. The studies were conducted in China, India, Japan, South Korea, Turkey, the United States and the United Kingdom. The mean age of participants was between 65 and 77 years. The duration of the studies ranged from one week to one month. The main outcomes were the number of people who developed influenza A, the number who developed flu on the first day of treatment, the frequency of flu and the number that developed influenza in the second week of treatment. The results of the trials did not indicate that amantdine and the limited benefits of rimantdines could be useful in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of influenza A in children and the elderly. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with amantenadine or rimantenine. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drugs was not well established. The overall quality of evidence was very low. The lack of knowledge about the safety and the small number of studies, combined with a lack of certainty about the benefits of amantadenine and limited benefits from rimantadenines, do not indicate whether amantanadine can be useful for preventing, treatment and shorting the duration and treatment of influenza in children or elderly people.
We searched for evidence on 15 May 2017 and found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared endometrial injury with no intervention or a placebo procedure. These trials included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies the were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared endometric intervention with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared endometryrial injury in the cycle prior to IUI with endometrium injury in another cycle of IUI. One trial compared higher degree of endometric injury with lower degree of intentional endometria injury. We are uncertain whether endometriosis improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. The evidence is up to date to May 2017. We found that endometries performed in the period prior to the IUI did not improve the chances of live birth or clinical pregnancy. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometry was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS) and only one study reported this outcome. However, only one of the studies reported this. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution as we graded the quality as either low or very low as we downgraded the quality because of the risk of bias in the included studies. The main reasons we downgrade the quality were most included studies were at a high risk of systematic error and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four studies (3905 participants) in this review. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were unable to determine whether professional oral services resulted in a lower incidence of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with usual oral services over an 18-month period. We also were unable or not to determine if professional oral service resulted in fewer first episodes of pneumonia compared with care given by nurses or dentists. We found low-quality evidence from two studies that professional oral treatment may reduce the risk of pneumonia due to pneumonia compared to usual oral treatment. We could not determine whether or not professional oral therapy resulted in an increase in the number of deaths due to any cause compared to care by nurses and dentists, or whether or the number or severity of pneumonia was reduced. We are uncertain whether or was there any difference in the risk or incidence of death due to all causes. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care, and we found no high-quality studies that compared professional oral practice versus usual care. The evidence is current to September 2016. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review included five studies with 149 participants. These studies assessed the effectiveness of bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (fake medicine), mesalazine versus mesalamide plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate versus mesaazine. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding. The study which compared bismUTH subsalicityylate with placebo was judged to have a very small sample size and limited data. The other 3 studies were assessed to be of low quality due to the small number of patients and limited information. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be effective for induction of clinical and histological response. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. Bismuth sublates (9.5 mg/daily) was also effective for inducing clinical and clinical response. However, this benefit needs be confirmed in a large, placebo-controlled trial, which is needed to confirm the benefit of budesonides for active lymphocytic colitis. Side effects of budenoside include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in the mesalidine study. Side effect data were not available for the beclometric dipropate study. No side effects were reported in the bismuther subsalicylic acid study. The beclometryasone dripropionine study was judged as being at high risks of bias. The results of the bechometasones dipropine study were inconclusive due to a very low number of participants. The review concluded that budesonid may be effective in the treatment of active lymphocytetic coliti. However this benefit is not yet confirmed by large, high quality trials. Low quality evidence suggests that mesalane with
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with 3259 participants. The intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring, one study compared self self-management with self-help manuals, one trial compared self monitoring with self care with self management, one compared self supervision with self monitoring, and one trial was a three-armed trial comparing self- monitoring with usual treatment. One trial was an open-label trial and the other trials were small. The overall effect of self-watchful monitoring of blood sugar in patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin was small up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. There is no evidence that self-watching of blood pressure and glucose levels in patients who are on average followed for one year or more has any effect on patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of self monitoring of diabetes and its impact on diabetes specific quality of lives and well- being, as well as the impact of SMBG on diabetes complications.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD. Eleven studies involving 471 participants with As PD were included in the review. Only five studies reported on 276 participants with AsPD. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Only one study reported on aggression, and only one on aggression. Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; cognitive behaviour therapy with standard treatment; and the 'Driving Whilst Inoxicated program' with incarceration) appeared effective, compared to the control condition, in terms of improvement in at least one outcome in at at least three studies. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes related to substance misuse. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. Disappointingly few of the included studies addressed the primary outcomes defined in this review (aggression, reconviction, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects). Three interventions appeared effective in at most one outcome, but the quality of the evidence was low. Further research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition.
This review included 11 studies with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 people. Five studies contributed data on purulent rhinitis, with a combined total of 791 people. One study contributed data only on adverse events and one study reported only summary data without providing numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. There was no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for the commoncold or for persisting acute purulent rinitis in children or adults. There is evidence that antibiotics cause significant adverse effects in adults when given for the cold and in all ages when given when given to people with acute purulence. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended.
We included five trials (162 participants) in this review. Three trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. One trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The trials were of very low-quality evidence. We found only five trials, which assessed the effects of five comparisons (systemic antibiotic treatment (penicillin, azithromycin, rifampicin, rifycid, and rifamethasone) and no treatment. The studies were conducted between 1993 and 2013. The participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. The mean PASI score at baseline varied from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23 (ii.i. severe) in four studies. Twenty-three of 162 participants had streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. One study assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week follow-up from start of treatment). The studies did not measure the proportion of participants achieving clear or almost clear skin. One of the trials assessed rifampsicin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14-day treatment duration; six-weeks follow- up from start). None of the studies measured the proportion achieving PASIs of 75 or PGA 1 to 2. One compared long-term azithomycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) versus vitamin C. Adverse events were reported in the azithmycin group (10 out of 30 participants had nausea and mild abdominal upset), but not in the vitamin C group. The proportion of people achieving clear skin was not measured. One small trial assessed the effect of rifampingicin on PASIS. The results of this trial did not show any difference between the two
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and identified 12 studies enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven studies tested vitamin D₃, and one study tested vitamin₂. Vitamin D⁃ had no effect on the risk of relapse, worsening of disability, or MRI lesions. VitaminD�o did not increase the risk for serious side effects. Vitamin A was found to be safe, although available data are limited. Vitamin B may have a positive effect on health-related quality of life, but the evidence is of very low quality. Vitamin C may have no effect. Vitamin E may have an effect on fatigue, but this is uncertain. Vitamin F may have had no effects on cognitive function, psychological symptoms, or psychological symptoms. Vitamin K may have been beneficial, but there is no evidence of a benefit for this. Vitamin M may have some beneficial effects, but these are uncertain. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included studies were small and of short duration, and the results of the studies were not consistent. The evidence is up to date to January 2017.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials comparing morphine with other opioids (e.g. codeine, codeine or codeine-like drugs) or other drugs in people with cancer. We found 62 studies, with 4241 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, New England, New Scotland, New Mexico, South Africa, and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that morphine is an effective pain medicine for cancer pain. The effectiveness of morphine has stood the test of time, but the evidence is of poor quality. Most studies were small and of poor methodological quality. The results of the review show that morphine has much the same efficacy as other available opioids. The quality of the evidence was generally poor. The trials were old, often small, and were mostly carried out for registration purposes. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
We included 14 trials, with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery versus open surgery (five studies); open surgery plus steroid injection versus steroid injection (one study); percision of the skin (percutaneous incision of skin about 2–3 mm distally from the skin) versus open surgical incision (percision in the skin about 1.5 mm distal from the palmar crease) (one trial); perctaneous surgery plus steroids versus steroid injected (one small study); endoscopic surgery versus an open operation (one large study); and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether open surgery is better than steroid injections in terms of preventing recurrence of trigger finger symptoms. We found that people who had open surgery had less recurrence (recurrence of symptoms) of trigger fingers than people who received steroid injections. We also found that 49% more people had pain on the palm of the hand with open surgery compared with steroid injection. We were uncertain whether people who underwent open surgery were more likely to have a recurrence or to have more side effects (such as infection, tendon injury, flare-ups, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis). We are also uncertain whether the risk of side effects was increased with open or steroid injection because of the small number of people in the studies. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were the small numbers of studies and participants, and because the studies were not well designed.
This review of three randomised controlled trials, with 931 participants, found that early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve overall survival in people with AO or AOA. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and whether temozolomide can be substituted for this remains unclear. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent prognostic factors for OS in two of the RCTs (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and EORTC) and were predictive for OS for one trial (RTog). The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA. All studies were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three studies compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two studies compared oral montelukast against placebo. We excluded one study from the meta-analysis because the patients were not randomised to receive either treatment. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (a measure of oxygenation) between children receiving intrana-respiration steroids compared to placebo. In contrast, children receiving oral montleukaast had a lower AHI compared to those in the placebo group. We also had concerns about selective reporting in another study. We were uncertain about whether the difference between children given intran asanol and placebo was important. We found that children receiving montelukaast were more likely to have a lower respiratory arousal index and lower respiratory oxygen saturation (a measurement of oxygen saturation) than those in placebo. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for the primary outcome of AHI, and high for the secondary outcomes of respiratory arousal and respiratory arousal. We judged the certainty of evidence for the other outcomes to be moderate for both AHI and respiratory oxygenation. We did not find any evidence for other outcomes. The quality of the studies was moderate to low. The studies were of short duration and the quality of evidence was low. We do not know whether the studies were well designed or conducted. The evidence is up to date to January 2017.
We searched for studies that compared systemic treatments with no intervention in preventing VTE in children with CVCs. We found six studies, which included 1291 children. Five studies investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134, antithrombin (AT) supplementation n = 37, low-dose warfarin n = 31, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplementation (n = 240, AT supplementation and LMWH n = 41). AT, cryopsorbite and FFP were supplemented only in cases of AT or fibrinogen deficiency). Of the six included studies, five investigated the preventative effect of Vte compared with no treatment (n > 737 children) and one study compared AT supplementation with AT supplementation (71 children). All studies had methodological limitations, and clinical heterogeneity between studies was noted. We identified no significant effects of systemic treatments compared with other interventions in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE and no differences in adverse events (such as major and/ or minor bleeding; none of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, heparbin-induced thrombo-related thrombin-related blood clots, he parin-induced blood clotting, death as a result of VT, removal of CVC due to VTE, CVC-related infection, and post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS). Two studies with comparable participant groups and interventions were included for meta-analyses (n < 182 children). In the experimental group, 1/68 (1.5%) children were diagnosed with symptomatic VT as were 4/114 (3.5%). In the control group, 22/68 children (32.4%) were diagnosed asymptomatic, as were 35/114 children (30.7%) in the control groups. The analysis of one CCT, which compared
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants. The first trial of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the risk of neurological deficits in the lower extremities in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The second trial of 33 participants used a combination of CSFSD and intrathecal papaverine. It showed a statistically significant reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit (P = 0.039) compared to controls. In the third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group versus 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving CSFD. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in postoperative deficits. There are limited data supporting the role of CSDF in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 662 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that NB-UVB is not effective for the treatment of people with CPP, and a small trial did not detect a difference between NB- UVB and topical PUVA for clearing CPP. In people with PPP, there were no significant differences between NB and topical UVVA for the clearance rate. In the comparison of NB-UVA with bath PUVA, the evidence was inconsistent. In participants with PP, one trial found there were not significant differences in the clearance rates between NBUVB treated sides and topical PVVA treated sides in terms of clearance rate, and two trials found that re-NB-UVBs and PUVA plus retinoid had similar effects for treating people with either CPP or GP in terms. In practice, NB-UCB may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. No studies reported our primary outcomes for NB-UFB compared with conventional BB-UVBS. The quality of the evidence for the use of NBUVBs for the management of CPP was low. The review authors recommend that further research is needed to confirm the long-term safety of NBUBS.
This review of trials found that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may be more effective than electrical stimulation alone. There was not enough evidence to determine whether biofeedfeedback or exercises was better than other treatments. There were also no clear differences between biofeedbriefing and exercises. There is some evidence that bio feedback and stimulation of the anus may be better than electrical or exercise therapy. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training. There may be some evidence of a benefit from biofeed back therapy and exercises, but more research is needed to be certain.
This review looked at the benefits and harms of different policies for the use of catheters in people undergoing catheterisation. Thirty nine randomised trials were identified for inclusion in the review. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. The trials were generally of poor quality reporting of outcomes. In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter was used following surgery. In five trials, the results were not consistent. In 11 trials, there was a trend towards fewer urinary tract infections when a catheter is removed earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days) with no pattern in respect to catheter use. In the seven trials with data, there were fewer urinary infections when the catheter had to be removed earlier. In one trial, there appeared to be a greater risk of urinary tract infection when the clamp-and-release policy was used. In a single small trial, the clamp and release policy was associated with a greater incidence of urinary infections and a delay in return to normal voiding. Despite reviewing 39 eligible trials, few firm conclusions could be reached because of the multiple comparisons considered, the small size of individual trials, and their low quality. Whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of morbidity (especially infection), risks of re-catheterisation, and risks of removal of a urinary catheter.
This review included ten studies with a total of 3340 participants. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies compared the addition of aripioprazoles to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment (754 participants), and one study compared ariipazole versus haloperidsol (347 participants). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence shows that aripipsole is more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks. Aripipazoles caused more movement disorders than placebo, but no differences were noted between aripidine and other medicines in reducing mania at three weeks or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks. Compared with placebo, aripinerazole caused more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders), and caused more children/adsolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. Aripeiprazoles caused side effects such as nausea, constipation, and agitation. The evidence is current to September 2014. ARIPS is an effective treatment for mania in a population that includes adults, children and adolescents, although its use leads to gastrointestinal disturbances and movement disorder. Comparative trials with medicines other than haloperidine and lithium are few, so the precise place of ariperazole in therapy remains unclear.
We found three studies that evaluated the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments on the number of participants cured, the number and duration of treatment with antibiotics, the occurrence of recurrent CVC-related infections, the time until the first negative blood culture was obtained and the number that the CVCs were prematurely removed. No studies evaluated antibiotic lock treatment alone. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five publications assessing this. No significant difference between ethanol or urokinase lock treatments with concomitant systemic antibiotics and systemic antibiotics alone was found regarding the number or duration of the treatment, the CV-related infection recurrence, the need for further treatment, hospital admission and sepsis. The cohort studies identified no adverse events; some cohort studies reported CVC malfunctions. No RCTs or CCTs were published on antibiotic lock treatments alone. All studies had methodological limitations and clinical heterogeneity between studies was present. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. More well-designed RCTS are needed to further explore the effect on the treatment of CVC infections in children with cancer.
This review identified 15 studies that compared interventions to improve the symptoms of whiplash. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on the importance of 'activating' the brain (a whiplisk) is more beneficial for acute whiplashes than no treatment. There is low quality evidence that a whiplASH pamphlet on advice focusing to activate is less beneficial for pain reduction, or no different in improving function and global perceived improvement from generic information given out in emergency care (control) for acute or intermediate-term follow-up. Advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics: Very low quality studies showed no evidence of benefit or difference for varied outcomes. Advice to activate: There was low quality (one study, 102 participants) evidence that advice on 'activist' techniques (a video of a whickedash pamphlet) is less effective than no intervention for reducing pain and improving function. Self-care strategies: Very-low quality studies indicated that self-care techniques did not relieve pain for acute to chronic neck pain. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions, including advice to activate, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomic skills and self-Care strategies. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition.
This review aimed to assess the best way to communicate with people at risk of developing CJD or vCJD. No studies meeting the study design criteria were identified for inclusion in this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria as the Cochrane, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences, were included and formed the basis of a thematic synthesis, and which is presented in appendices to this Cochran review. The thematic syntheses indicates that ideally communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. The results of the thematic review also indicates that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm, such in the case of discrimination in accessing health care. There is insufficient rigorous evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations. The evidence in this review can be used to inform policy and practice decisions for communicating with people who are at risk in the absence of rigorous studies.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. More patients in the group than the placebo groups were drug responders (using the IRLSSS: RR 1.82; 95% CI 1.37 to 2.42 and the CGI: RR1.92; 95%). The proportion of remitters was greater in the drugs group than placebo group (using IRLS: MD -7.0; 95-CI -969 to -4.31 and the CI -1.11;95% CI -2.49 to -073). Quality of life scores also improved more with opioids than with placebo (MD -0.73; 95%) and quality of sleep was improved more than with the placebo (QoL: 0.74; 95+CI -1 to -1). Quality and quantity of sleep were improved more by the drug groups than by the placebo. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps during the night. More adverse events were reported in the opioid group (RR 1.22; 95%, CI 1 to 1.39). The major adverse events reported were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence).
This review of trials found that external fixation reduces redisplacement of the fracture and improves anatomical results. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. There were some complications, such as pin-track infection, but these were mostly minor. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsally displaced fractures of the distal radius in adults.
We found five studies (1127 patients) that compared early removal of ureteric stents with late removal of stents. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that early removal may reduce the incidence of UTI, but it is uncertain whether there is a higher risk of MUC. The incidence of Muc was reduced in the early stent removal group. This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was only apparent if a BI stent was used. However, if an externalised PU stent is used there was no discernible difference in UTI between the early and late removal groups. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking. The quality of the evidence was generally low or unclear.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with fillments. One study compared PMC fitted using a different method (the Hall Technique) with non-restorative caries treatment. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted using the method) versus non-stainless steel crowns (stained steel with white veneers). In the two studies using crowns fitted using conventional method, all teeth had undergone pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. The final study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crown (staining of white venes). There was no evidence that compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk of major failure was lower in the crowns group in the long term compared to fillings. Similarly, there was moderate-quality evidence that pain was lower for the crown group compared to the fillings group. There is moderate- quality evidence to suggest that crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk for major failure or pain in the longer term compared with fillens. There were no reports of major or minor failure or major pain in either group. One small study reported outcomes in the same way as the other studies, and found no reports for major or major failure in either of these groups. One trial compared crowning with the Hall technique versus non restorative
We included 28 studies involving 788 people with CF. Most studies were of variable quality. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three studies a mouthpiece was used and in three it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were conducted in adults and children. The results of the review showed that PEP using a face mask reduced the number of lung attacks compared to other methods of airway clearance. However, the results were not consistent across studies. There was no difference in the number or duration of treatment between PEP and other methods. There were no differences in the severity of the symptoms of CF. There is some evidence that PP may be more convenient than HFCWOs for people with COPD who prefer to use a mask. There are no differences between PP and other techniques for lung function. There may be differences between the different types of PEP. There appears to be no difference between PPP and HFCwO in terms of the number and severity of side effects. In one study, five participants complained of dizziness, which improved after further instructions on device use. In a study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux, this was more severe in the PDPPEP group (26 infants). In one of the studies, when comparing PEP with oscillating (flutter) PEP, side effects were only reported in the flutter group (22 infants). The quality of the evidence was variable. Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomisation sequence was either generated or concealed. Most of the included studies reported the number
We searched for studies that compared CZP with placebo (a pretend drug) or another drug in people with active Crohn's disease. We found four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn’s disease. All studies included participants with Crohn disease and Crohn Disease A. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The CZPs were given 100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks for 2 to 8 weeks. The results showed that CZp was superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission and clinical response at week 8. The numbers of participants achieving clinical response were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the CZPP and the placebo groups, respectively. In addition, the numbers of people achieving clinical resolution at week eight were 40.2% (336/8 35) and 30.9%, respectively. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73/836) and 6.2%, respectively, in the placebo group. Serious side effects included worsening Crohns disease, infections, and malignancy. The quality of the evidence was moderate for achieving remission and achieving clinical cure and clinical resolution. The evidence for achieving response and achieving remission was moderate. The certainty of the available evidence was downgraded due to the small number of studies and participants. The overall quality of evidence was low for achieving cure and achieving response. The main limitations of the included the small numbers of studies, the small sample size, and the small study size.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of drugs for heart failure in people with CKD. We included studies that randomly assigned participants to receive either a drug or a placebo or no treatment. We found 112 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to combine data from 26 studies (19,612 participants) that reported outcomes for people with heart failure and CKD, and we included them in our analyses. We did not include studies that reported on people with chronic heart failure or people with kidney disease. We also included studies of people with acute heart failure, chronic heart disease, or people who had already had heart failure. We looked at the effects on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure (heart failure or kidney function), hyperkalaemia (low blood pressure), and quality of life. We could not combine data for people who were treated with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi) or angiotenin receptor blockers (ARB) or aldosterone antagonists (ARB). We found that beta-blockers may reduce the risk of death (any cause) for heart fail. We are uncertain about the effects that angiotenedins, aldrogens, and vasopressin receptor antagonists have on hospitalisation for heart disease. The risk of hyperkalanemia was not reported for the CKD subgroup in studies investigating other therapies. We cannot be sure whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors (a drug that blocks the growth of blood vessels) increases the risk for hyperkaloemia. We do not know whether treatment is beneficial or harmful for people having heart failure because there were few studies. We have not been able to determine whether treatment has an effect on the risk that people with a heart failure have of having a low blood pressure. We can not be sure if treatment with drugs to lower blood pressure or to lower the risk is beneficial. We need more studies to answer these questions. We rated the certainty of the evidence as
This review found three studies involving 1945 women. The studies were of moderate quality and involved a total of 1945 women and compared internal or external tocodynamometry with induction or augmentation of labour. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Canada. The women were followed up for between one to three weeks. The evidence is current to August 2014. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The risk of instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different between groups. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies, but there was no statistically significant difference between groups, but this review found that there was insufficient evidence to recommend one form of tocodynamic monitoring over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour for induction of labour or auguation of labour in labour.
We included two studies involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. The studies were conducted in the USA and were conducted between 1980 and 2012. Both studies were funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and involved people with chronic leg pain. The two studies were of low methodological quality and were of short duration. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline, half venous refilling time and total venous filling time were observed in the group of participants who exercised compared with the control group. One of the studies reported no differences between the two groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. Although muscle strength assessed by dynamometry at slow speed did not differ between the groups in this study, variable peak torque at fast speed was lower in the control groups than in the exercised group. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to chronic venus venous venous pain and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included studies. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with CVI. Future research into the effect of physical activity should consider types of exercise protocols (intensity, frequency and time), sample size and blinding and homogeneity according to severity of disease.
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient global assessment; and at different post injection periods but especially at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. Of note is the 5- to 13-week post injection time point, which showed a percent improvement in pain and function. In general, the HA class of products had comparable efficacy to NSAIDs and longer-term benefits were noted in comparisons against IA corticosteroids. In some analyses viscosuplementation was comparable in efficacy to systemic forms of active treatment, with more local reactions but fewer systemic adverse events. In other analyses HA products had more prolonged effects than IA cortiosteroids, but the magnitude of the clinical effect, as expressed by the WMD and standardised mean difference (SMD) from the RevMan 4.2 output, is different for different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables and trial designs. Overall, the analyses performed are positive for the HA classes and particularly positive for some products with respect to certain variables and timepoints. In summary, the findings of this review support the use of the HA group of products in the treatment of knee OA. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of different viscosensupplements and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of different products.
We searched for clinical trials that compared misoprostol with placebo (a pretend drug) or another drug for the treatment of primary PPH. We found 10 trials with a total of 4052 women. Four trials (1881 women) compared misuprosto with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics. The other trials (1787 women) used oxytocin infusion as the first-line treatment for primary PH. The review found that misoposto (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) given after uterotonic administration did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal illness, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy. Misoprosto was associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. Two trials (involving 1787 women, one of which was too small to be meaningful in comparing the effects of misopotropics with placebo) compared oxytocins with each other. The trial included women who had received uterotonical drugs for the first time. The trials did not assess the effect of oxytocic drugs on the risk of death or serious maternal complications. The evidence is current to January 2015. The role of tranexamic acid and compression methods in the treatment and management of PPH needs further evaluation. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PHL unresponsive to uterotonicity and/or haemostatics.
This review of trials found that routine short-term cysteine chloride supplementation of cysteines in cystein-containing PN improves nitrogen balance in preterm infants. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks of cysterehydride supplementation, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of cy steine chloride administration. Available evidence from a large trial does not support routine N-acetylcysteine supplementation of PN in extremely low birth weight infants.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes mellitis. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found no evidence of difference in the number of people who died, developed serious adverse events, or experienced serious side effects between people who received active treatment versus people who did not receive active treatment. There was no evidence that the number or the number and severity of serious side events was different between people receiving active treatment and those not receiving active treatments. There were no differences between people in the groups receiving active and no treatment in the proportion of people with serious side effect. There is no evidence to support the use of active treatment for NAFLD including those with steatohetitis. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for NAHLD including people with steatosis. We do not know whether there is any benefit from the use or not of active treatments for people with NAFLd. We cannot recommend any particular treatment for people who have NAFLT. We recommend that further well-designed randomised trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are conducted to answer this question.
We searched for studies that compared CSF testing of t-tau, p-t Tau or p- tau/ABeta with no test in people with dementia. We found 15 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included 15 studies in this review. We were able to combine the results of seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases) and six studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases) that compared the accuracy of CSF t- t Tau with no t-test. The studies were of poor quality. The CSF test was better than no test at identifying people with Alzheimer's disease dementia and at identifying those with dementia, but the studies were small and the results were imprecise. We did not combine the data from the studies because the studies had few participants and were of low methodological quality. We could not combine data from five studies (140 cases and 293 non-case) that evaluated the accuracy and sensitivity of CSFs for Alzheimer's dementia. The accuracy of these tests for ‘other dementias’ had not been investigated in the included studies. The overall quality of the evidence was poor. The main sources of uncertainty were the small number of studies and the wide range of the CSF tests used in the studies. We therefore cannot be certain that CSF screening tests are accurate in identifying people who have dementia. Further research is needed to clarify the value of CSf testing of CSFS for the diagnosis of dementia.
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found one ongoing trial. We included three single-centre, two-arm studies with 170 participants in this review. We did not include studies that used a combination of anaesthetic techniques. We compared the effects of the anaesthetic technique on pain, vision, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay and costs. We also compared the effect of the two anaesthetics on eye pressure. We were able to combine data from one study, which showed that propofol reduced nausea and vomiting after radical radical prostate surgery compared with sevoflurane. We could not find any difference in pain between the two types of anaesthetic. We are uncertain whether this translates directly to avoiding eye complications. We identified one ongoing study, but this is not yet complete. We assessed the quality of evidence as low to very low, as all studies were small, single-Centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostateectomy.
We included 14 studies in this review, with 1,601,515 women. Most studies found no evidence that maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency had any effect on pregnancy outcomes. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found no clear evidence that the use of topical cortics of any potency had any impact on the outcomes of the baby. We did find that women who received mild to moderate potency topical cortes were less likely to have a baby that died during pregnancy. However, we found no difference between the two groups for other outcomes. We also found that women receiving potent to very potent topical corteosteroids were more likely to experience low birth weight. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results. We downgraded the quality because of imprecision in low birth birth weight and inconsistency in the results for the outcomes.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroids and without topical cortes. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of participants in the trials was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. The evidence is current to July 2014. All trials compared the use of topical corterosteroids with no topical corters. The largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT), which included 611 participants. The trial followed participants for two months to one year. The other three trials were small and had follow-up periods ranging from two months up to one and a half years. The SCUT was conducted in a pilot study of the largest study. The pilot study reported that time to re-epithelialization was 53% slower in the steroid group after adjusting for baseline epithelial defect size. However, the SCUT did not find any important difference in time to the re-opening of the cornea. The investigators of the trial reported that more patients in the control group developed intraocular pressure (IOP) elevation. One trial reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference between the two groups (data not available). We did not found any reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the four trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow- up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four included trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review. There is inadequate evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of topical topical cortics compared with no corticostoids in improving visual acuity, infiltrate/scar size, or adverse events among
We included four trials with 450 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous vascular interventions for ischaemic stroke. The other trial compared percutaneously administered intravenous therapy with intravenous treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The results of the trials were not consistent. The quality of evidence was low. The number of participants who died at the end of follow-up was not significantly different between the two groups. There was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic bleeding in the brain between the intervention and control groups. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials that percutoscopic vascular interventions are superior to intravenous blood clotting therapy in terms of functional outcome. The included trials were small and of low quality. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found one study, involving 120 families and 143 children. The study was conducted in the UK, and compared centre-based day care with no treatment (care at home) for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. The children were followed up for three years. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found no evidence that centre- based day care improved or worsened children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or psycho-development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that centre care improved employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment or maternal hours per week in paid employment. The included study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that some studies included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. We therefore recommend that future studies of centre--based care for children and their parents should be conducted to assess the effects of day care for disadvantaged children. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect.
This review identified 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices. Eleven of the 30 scoring index have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. However, none of the currently available histologic scoring indices have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for the healing in UC, more research is required. The optimal index would need to be fully validated in order for it the best outcome. The review authors identified 126 studies that evaluated the reliability of the scoring indices and found that all of the indices were of high quality. However no of the included scoring indices were fully validated, and so no firm conclusions can be drawn.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated the use of nailing versus plating in 213 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted between 1991 and 2013 and involved 173 participants. All participants were male. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at high-risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all of the outcomes. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain between the two groups. The results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing, but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operation after nailing. Similarly pooled data (172 participants, three trials) showed no difference in the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union between nailing and plating, but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included the possible benefit of a higher outcome after plate fixation. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed that there was no difference between the groups in pain between two groups, but there was a possibility of better outcomes after platinous fixation. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people; moderate-quality evidence), for major vascular event 0.90 (95%, CI 0.78 to 1.04; 4 RCTS; 28,630 participants; high-quality quality evidence), and for dementia 0.88 (95%) (95%; CI 0.73 to 1,054; 2 RCT; 6671 participants; moderate quality evidence). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for recurrent strokes was 0,80 (95%), and for major blood vessel events 0,58 (95%). Our results support the use of B PLD in people with stroke or TIA for reducing the risk of recurrence of recurrent strokes. Current evidence is primarily derived from trials studying an ACE inhibitor or diuretics. No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal systographic blood pressure target after stroke or tIA.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that B-sitosterols improve urinary symptoms and flow measures. B-Sitosterols did not significantly reduce prostate size compared to placebo. Withdrawal rates for men assigned to B-sitterol and placebo were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively. The evidence suggests non-glucosidic B- sitosterols may improve urinary symptom scores and flow. Their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
We found 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events when regular salmeterolate was compared with regular salbutamate. There was an increase in the risk of asthma-related death with regular Salmeterol compared to placebo. There is also an increase of asthma deaths in patients not taking inhaled corticosteroids in the two large surveillance studies. We cannot be sure whether regular salmetol is better than placebo for asthma in children. The risk of serious adverse effects in children remains uncertain due to the small number of children studied. We combined the results of two large studies (26,355 participants) as all the asthma- related deaths in adults occurred in these studies. In patients who were not taking an inhaled steroid, compared to regular sal buttermol or placebo, there was an increased risk of death from asthma. The confidence interval for patients who are taking an inhaler was wide and we cannot rule out an increase for asthma deaths. We have found an increased number of serious side effects with regular treatment with salmeterole. We are uncertain whether regular treatment is better or worse than placebo.
This review found no evidence that thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants with respiratory distress. There is no evidence from controlled clinical trials that postnatal thyroid hormone therapy reduces the severe complications of respiratory problems in pre term infants.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. The analyses showed that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The review also showed that the non-abdominal disacchic disacchaes may help to reduce serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease including liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding. The non-absorptive disacchanides were associated with beneficial effects on hepatic encephalopathy. The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect of the nonabsorbables on quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis (very low quality evidence). Non-abs absorbable disaeccharides were not associated with any serious adverse effects. None of the RCTs comparing lactulose versus lactitol evaluated quality oflife. The results of the review found no differences between lactulos and lactitol for the remaining outcomes. The quality of the evidence was moderate for mortality and adverse events, and very low for quality of lives. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in the analyses.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2019 and identified 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) that compared bisphosphonate therapy with placebo or no treatment. The evidence is current to January 2019. Bisphosphoneate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, however low certainty in the evidence indicates it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. Bisosphonates may decrease bone pain, but it is uncertain whether bisph phosphonate treatment prevents spinal deformity or bone necrosis. Bisplatinate therapy is associated with bone pain and bone fractures, but the evidence for this is uncertain. Bisptake inhibitors may reduce bone disease, but we are uncertain whether they prevent fracture. Bispposphonatate therapy does not appear to reduce graft rejection, but there is not enough evidence to know whether it has any effect on graft function. Bispsosphonatinate treatment may increase the risk of bone mineral deficiency, but this is unclear whether it increases the risk for bone pain. It is uncertain if bisphosphosphate therapy or other treatments prevent other skeletal complications after kidney transplants, including spinal deformities or bone breakdown. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney kidney transplant are very uncertain. Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low certainty. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations were the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of studies that reported outcomes.
This review identified four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/daily. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. There were no significant increases in handgripstrength in the magnesium group. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. Five fewer people per cent of people will experience clinical failure if they are treated with antibiotics instead or placebo or placebo. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis diagnosed either clinically (high-quality evidence) or confirmed by imaging (moderate-quality information) is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse effects. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). The potential benefits of antibiotics for acute rhino-rhinosinusinusitis are marginal and need to be viewed in the light of the very low incidence of serious complications. Considering antibiotic resistance, and the very few serious complications, we conclude there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhinusitis. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials.
This review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve the survival of patients with stomach cancer, although the increased risk of dying after surgery reduces its therapeutic benefit.
This review of trials found that oral naltrexone treatment was not superior to placebo or no pharmacological treatment in terms of the number of people who were re-incarcerated during the study period. The review also found that naltrerexone was not better than other pharmacological treatments such as benzodiazepines and buprenorphine for retention and abstinence and side effects. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies was low (28%). The conclusion of this review is that the studies conducted have not allowed an adequate evaluation of oral nALTrexone in the field of opioid dependence. Consequently, maintenance therapy with naltresone cannot yet be considered a treatment which has been scientifically proved to be superior to other kinds of treatment.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of changing the consistency of fluids in people with dementia. We found two studies that examined the effects on swallowing difficulties. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with and without dementia. Both studies were conducted in the USA. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. Regular liquids with a chin down head posture, as well as regular liquids without any intervention were also compared. The second study, parallel designed RCT, compared the effect of nectar and honey (a thick fluid) thick liquids with nectar thick head posture over a three-month period in 260 participants with a subgroup of 260 participants. Outcomes were pneumonia and adverse intervention effects. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency and/or duration of fluid for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few studies have been completed. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluooscopy for people with a dementia. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the long-lasting impact of thickened fluids on the health of the person with dementia should be considered. Further high-quality clinical trials are required.
This review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference between natural cycle IVF and standard IVF in live birth rates. The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using standard IVC, the chance using natural cycleIVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was no difference between the two groups in rates of OHSS, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities, or cycle cancellations. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were imprecision (small sample sizes) and imprecise results. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for natural cycle and standard treatment of IVF.
We included 12 studies with 984 participants from 23 references in this review. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year. The average age of participants ranged from 61 to 74 years. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. We found that Tai Chi improved functional capacity and pulmonary function in people with COPD. However, the effects of Tai Chi on reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. No adverse events were reported. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions (i.e. breathing exercise or exercise) alone, Tai Chi did not show any additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement in people. No side effects were reported, suggesting that Taichi is safe to practise in people who have COPD and does not cause any side effects. The most beneficial Tai Chi style and number of forms could not be commented upon in different studies. Data are currently insufficient for evaluating the impact of Taichi on maximal exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength in people in the final analysis. Future studies are warranted to address these topics.
We included 72 trials that involved 2470 participants. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were generally small and varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups. There was no difference between the two groups for upper limb performance. There were no differences between the groups for gait speed, balance, participation restriction, or quality of life. There is insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effect of virtual virtual reality on gait, balance or participation restriction. There are no data on adverse events. The quality of the evidence was mostly low. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that compared fluoroquinolones with either ethambutol or isoniazid in people with drug-sensitive TB. Three trials (723 participants) compared fluorquinolone replacement with ethambucoate, and three trials (433 participants) combined fluoroquins with isoniaza. One trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line regimen. No trials reported on treatment failure. Fluoroquinolinone replacement for ethambutool or ofloxacid in the first-time regimen Three trials with 723 participants compared fluoquinolines with ethamabutol, gatifloxain, and ofloxinacin. No trial reported on relapse or treatment failure, and no trials reported treatment failure or treatment failures. Fluorquinolinones substituted for isoniazeid in the standard regimen One trial with 433 participants compared moxifloxinacid with isonizid. No study reported on the treatment failure and relapse. Fluoquinolinine replacement for isonizeid may have little or no effect on death or relapse, or on sputum culture conversion at eight weeks. Fluorosinolone substitution in the second-line regimens of drug-resistant TB is not clear. Fluroquinoline replacement in the third-line treatment regimens may have no effect. Fluoranquinololeines in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens with fluorocinolones. Ofloxacins, levofluoxacine, moxifyloxate, mochifloxycodone, and gatifyloxin.
