This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that asthma education aimed at children and their carers can reduce the number of children who go to the emergency department for an asthma attack. However, there is not enough evidence to know if this is an effective intervention. There is also uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma illness (e.g. symptoms and lung function). More research is needed to find out which type, duration and intensity of asthma education is the most effective.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants in this review. Most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, which means that the results may not be reliable. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or other factors, such as the type of ketamine given, the dose, or the timing of the treatment. We found that intravenous ketamine can reduce pain after surgery by 8 mg morphine equivalent over 24 hours, and by 13 mg morphine equivalents over 48 hours. Pain at rest at 24 hours and at 48 hours was reduced by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (high-quality evidence). Overall, 5% of participants had a side effect, and 4% had nausea and/or vomiting. The number of participants with nausea and vomiting was reduced from 27% with ketamine to 23% with placebo. Pain was reduced during movement by 14% and by 16% respectively. The time for the first postoperative pain-relieving request was improved by 54 minutes, compared to 39 minutes with placebo, and the area of postoperative hypoxaemia (hyperalgesia) was reduced to 7 cm², compared with 8 cm². We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study results were present, or twice if the numbers were small and effects were likely but not possible.
The review of trials found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each vaccine antigen (39 to 45 µg total). In one small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites, there was no reduction or delay in parasite growth. In the second efficacy trial, with 120 children aged five to nine years, the number of children with clinical malaria was not reduced, but there was a reduction in the total number of cases. In this trial, children who had not been pretreated with antimalarial drugs (sulfadoxine and pyrite) were less likely to be infected with malaria. Infections with the 3D7 parasite type (MSP2) were reduced in the MSP2 variant (719 participants). However, the effect of the vaccine is MSP 2 variant-specific. The results of this review are based on five small trials, with relatively small sample sizes.
This review identified four randomised controlled trials, with a total of 125 participants. Three trials compared pulsed and capacitive coupled electric fields, and one trial compared two forms of electromagnetic field stimulation. The results of the trials were inconclusive. There was no reduction in pain found in two studies. One trial reported two minor complications due to treatment. More research is needed.
We included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomies, and one trial did not provide this information. The average age of patients ranged between 48 years and 63 years. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There were no differences in short-term deaths between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841). There was no significant difference in the number of deaths in the ten trials with 1681 participants. There was also no difference between drain and no drain groups in the proportion of patients who died in the short term. The number of people who developed serious side effects was similar in both groups. The length of hospital stay was shorter in the 'drain' group than in the no drain group. The operating time was longer in the drain groups (seven trials; 775 people) and there was no difference in quality of life (one trial; 93 people). The percentage of people discharged as day-procedure laparoscopy had to be done as part of a day-time procedure (five trials; 449 people). One trial involving 100 people did not report any difference between the two groups in terms of the length of time patients spent in hospital. One trial reported that the patients who had drain surgery had a higher rate of return to normal activity than those who had no drain surgery. This trial was of low risk of bias. This review found no evidence to support the use of drain for the routine use of the gallbladder after the operation. There is no evidence that drain is safe or effective.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials. These herbs included four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptoms and changes in nerve conduction. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events. Eighteen trials found no adverse events, and two trials reported side effects. It was not clear in which group the side effects occurred. 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored side effects or not. Most of the trials were of very low quality, which means that the results may not be reliable. Based on this systematic review, there is no evidence to support the use of Chinese herbal medicines for the treatment of peripheral neuropathy. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial has been conducted.
This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, and were of short duration. Few events were reported, and did not assess cancer-specific survival. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, the IAS group had a lower PSA score. However, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was better during the interval of cycles (96%). Data from RCTs were limited by small sample size and short duration, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are reliable. One trial (43 patients) found no difference in side effects (gastrointestinal, abdominal, gynecomastia, and asthenia) between the two groups. Limited information suggests that IAS may have slightly reduced side effects. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS in terms of overall survival, progression-free survival, or disease progression.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial randomised women to the levonorgestrel IUD or the Nova T, and one trial to the Copper 7. One of them showed that women who had an IUD inserted immediately had a higher risk of expulsion than those who had a delayed insertion. The quality of the evidence was moderate. In other trials, the use and expulsion of the IUD was more likely for women with IUDs inserted immediately. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use was found to be higher for women who received IUD insertions immediately compared to those who received them delayed. In one trial, women who were given the Lippes Loop were less likely to have a baby. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The overall quality of evidence was rated as moderate.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period. There was no information given about the average age and sex of the study population. We found a high risk for bias due to missing data. We judged the overall risk of bias as high. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. The meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematological malignancies, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care control group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group, whose levels of depression remained constant (low quality of evidence). We found no information on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. More high quality randomised controlled trials are needed. The overall quality of the evidence was very low, due to the extent of missing data on the participants, and the small sample size. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and the outcomes measured. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) had varicella and 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). The majority had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most children received PEP within three days of exposure; too few were vaccinated four to five days after exposure for us to be able to draw any conclusions. No included trial reported on side effects following immunisation. We found no RCTs for children younger than 16 years of age or adults. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. We assessed the quality of the evidence from the included trials to be low or unclear.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 different head-to-head comparisons of the different antibiotic regimens. The trials were at high risk of bias. There were no trials that compared one antibiotic regimen with another. The overall all-cause deaths in four trials that reported deaths were 14/1401 people (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in the number of people who died from any cause between the intervention and control groups. In four trials, 561 people were randomised to one of the seven different antibiotics regimens in total. None of the trials reported on quality of life, the length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. In two trials, 19/478 people developed MRSA infections (4.5%) in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis (co-amoxiclav, cefotaxime, or cefoxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with a placebo. In the single trial that compared a single antibiotic with placebo, the proportion of people with MRSA infection was significantly lower in the antibiotic group. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of death, serious adverse events, infections at any site or the need for further treatment. Overall, 221/4032 (5% of the total) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people developed them due to MRSA. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or giving antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery, in particular, reducing MRSA-related infections. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotics are necessary on this topic.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. Overall, the number of women included in each trial was too small to allow a fair assessment of pre-specified outcomes. In both studies, relatively few of the women were eligible for this review. In one trial, there was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal illness, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight at birth, or admission to intensive care. There was no information on serious maternal illness or death. The review found that women who planned to care at home were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. Mothers who were given home care were more satisfied with their care and spent 10 fewer days in hospital. They also spent less time in hospital, and had lower costs. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as there is some evidence that home care may be better than hospital care, but more research is needed to confirm this. Future large and well-designed trials are needed to assess differences between the two groups of women. Special attention should be given to the assessment of mothers' satisfaction with care and cost analysis. These will have social and economic implications for both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean are non-absorbable staples (staple-type staples) and absorbable sutures (sutures-type clips) that are used to close the skin. These two types of staples have been studied in a number of trials. The review found that staples do not result in more skin separation and reclosure. However, staples are associated with more wound infections, pain and cosmesis. If staples are removed on day three, the risk of skin separation increases. There is not enough evidence about how the skin should be closed.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Green tea was found to reduce blood cholesterol by 0.43 mmol/L and blood pressure by 1.85 mmHg over six months. Black tea was also found to produce a reduction of 0.64 mmol/l in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, blood pressure, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and blood lipid levels. Diastolic blood pressure (a measure of blood pressure) was reduced by 2.18 mm Hg over the same time period, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. The results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD.
This review identified two small trials that recruited a total of 23 participants. Both trials were of poor quality and involved small numbers of participants. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and poor study methods, the findings of the studies do not apply to the issue of steroid tapering. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a significant difference in SGaw. However, the clinical importance of this finding is uncertain. There is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of AZA in the treatment of chronic asthma. Large, long, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before any firm conclusions can be made.
This review identified 56 studies involving a total of 4068 participants. The majority of these studies were carried out in people with breast cancer. A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, including 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be more effective than the control intervention. The findings of this review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that exercise can be regarded as beneficial for people with cancer-related fatigue, but more research is needed.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The overall risk of bias in the trials was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as patients were not blinded to the treatment they were receiving. We found that patients with advanced HL who had been treated with high-dose chemotherapy after first-line chemotherapy were more likely to be alive five years after the end of treatment. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die in the treatment arm compared to 120 (120 to 120) in the control arm. We also found that after five years of treatment, 144 (121 to 168) people will experience a relapse, relapse or death in the BEACOPP group compared to 250 in the BABVD arm. There was no evidence for a difference in the number of people who died from treatment-related causes. We are uncertain how many women will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured. Five trials reported adverse events and the results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that the escalated BEACOP regimens probably cause more adverse events, such as blood clots, infections, and low blood counts. However, this is a new finding of this updated review, due to the inclusion of the results of the EO-20012 trial in this review. No analysis of male fertility was provided. This review provides moderate- to high-quality evidence that adult patients between 16 and 60 years old with early unfavourable and advanced stage HL benefit regarding OS and progression-free survival (PFS) from treatment with advanced-stage chemotherapy including escalated-stage BACP. The survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS (time to death). However, the observation time of these studies was too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared the effects of different interventions on RTW in people with cancer. We found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients or both (two trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. One study suggested that physical training was not more effective than care as a usual in improving RTW or quality of life. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. Results showed that patients with cancer who received less radical interventions had similar rates of RTW as those who received more radical treatments. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that interventions involving physical, psychoeducational, vocational and/ or vocational components led to higher RTW levels than those who were treated as usual (low quality evidence). We found no differences in the effect of interventions that were delivered by different types of doctors or nurses compared to those delivered by the same doctor or nurse. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias (risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We judged nine studies to be of low quality.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place. One trial was sponsored by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the other two trials did not mention declarations. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. We found no new trials in this update. Results from the 2012 review remain the same. The findings of this review support recommendations that the CTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission to the hospital. Women should be aware that admission CTG is likely to increase the caesarean section rate by 20% without evidence of benefit. There was no clear difference between groups in the incidence of perinatal deaths. Women allocated to CTG had, on average, higher rates of continuous (continuous) fetal monitoring, fetal blood sampling and fetal blood tests. There were no clear differences between groups for other outcomes including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic (brain damage) and seizures in the newborn period. None of the trials reported severe brain damage at greater than, or equal to 12 months of age. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main limitations of this evidence were imprecision, inconsistency and lack of blinding for women and staff.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised 3666 women, three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15,230) in total. It was not possible to combine any of the data from these studies, because each study compared different culture media. Six studies reported the number of live births, but only seven studies reported on ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no clear evidence of a difference between the media used. The fifth study did not seem reliable. One of these found that for cle-stage embryo transfer, the culture medium Quinn's Advantage was associated with a higher pregnancy rate than G5. However, this study was published as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies, but none of them found any clear evidence that one culture medium was better than the other. None of them reported on the health of the offspring. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding. None described their methodology in adequate detail. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to support or refute the use of one specific culture medium over another.
The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials of methods of communication to inform women with breast cancer about their diagnosis of breast cancer. A total of 30 articles were found which met the inclusion criteria. However, there were three duplicates which left 27 articles for further review. Of these, none were found to be of high quality. Data extraction and assessment of the quality of the trials was therefore not possible. The review authors concluded that there were no randomised trials of ways of communicating the diagnosis to women. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review could provide more reliable evidence to inform future research. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area. The design of such research needs to be explored to help inform future practice. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Cancer. Email: [email protected]
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 participants. The evidence is current to September 2013. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newy England, and the United Kingdom. The trials were of short duration (three months or less) and included a total of 113 participants. There was a significant reduction in reports of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. The number of days without chest pain was also significantly increased up to three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency. The quality of the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first period of the study. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. In addition, three studies were thought to have a high risk of outcome bias. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to interpret findings from studies.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers. There was some evidence to support the use of these drugs in the short-term to reduce the symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis. However, there was no long-term data on their efficacy. We found no evidence that any of the drugs were effective in reducing the symptoms and signs of seasonal allergy. There were no reported serious side effects. Overall, these drugs appear to be safe and well tolerated. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of interventions aimed at preventing tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. Two studies were included in the review and a third is still ongoing. The two included studies were based in Native American populations and were designed to address specific aspects of the youth's culture. One study found that there was no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use at post test in the skills-only group, but this was not maintained at six month follow up. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias. Based on the available evidence, we conclude that a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention programs tailored for young Indigenous youth in this area. This review highlights the need for more research in this field. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is twice that of that of the non-Indigenous population. As such, a significant health disparity exists.
We found one randomised controlled trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the outcomes and the results were imprecise. This trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who were given either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. There were no clear differences in the number of deaths of the mother or her baby, perinatal deaths, or markers of severe maternal illness (pulmonary embolism (no events), heart failure (poor blood flow to the lungs), acute chest syndrome (severe chest infection) and haemolytic crises (blood clotting) of the baby). Low-quality evidence from one small trial of very low quality suggests that giving blood transfusions to women with HbSS does not reduce the risk of pain crisis, acute splenic sequestration (blockage of the blood vessels), or delayed red blood cell transfusion reaction (reduced red blood cells in the blood). Other relevant maternal outcomes, which were pre-specified for this review, were not reported by the trial. There is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the best way to give blood for women with other forms of HbSC. The data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in clinical practice and policy.
