This review of 38 studies found that providing asthma education to children and their carers in the acute phase of an asthma flare-up can reduce the risk of future emergency department visits and admission to the hospital. There was no clear evidence that the education had any long-term effect on other markers of asthma morbidity, such as lung function.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (high-quality evidence), and by 22% on the same scale at 48 hours (high quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced by 16% on a scale of 0-100 mm (moderate quality evidence) and by 14% on an 8-point scale (moderate-quality (evidence) (evidence). We found evidence that ketamine reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting from 27% with placebo to 23% with ketamine. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-studies effects likely but testing not possible. The quality of evidence was generally low or uncertain, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of postoperative pain and nausea was low. Ketamine increased the time for the first postoperative analgesic request by 54 minutes (low quality evidence), compared with placebo (moderate evidence). Ketamine reduced the area of pain after the operation by 7 cm² (very low quality evidence); we downgraded this to moderate quality evidence because of small study effects or because the number of participants was below 400. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) participants receiving ketamine and 122/2924 (4%) receiving control treatment experienced an adverse event. The risk of adverse events was low or very low for most outcomes.
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported. One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after an artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial, with 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, the number of children with clinical malaria was not reduced, but MSP or RESA significantly reduced the parasite density. Infections with MSP2 (the subtype of the parasite) were reduced, while those with FC27 (the other main subtype) were not. In summary, the MSP and RESA (Combination B) vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the vaccine is MSP 2 variant-specific. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role, and merit further development.
This review identified four studies, which involved 125 participants. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields, one study, capacitive coupled electric fields, and one study used a combination of both. The results of the four studies were inconclusive. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. One study reported two side effects. More research is needed.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomies. One trial included patients having an emergency laparoscopy for acute cholecochlearitis. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the number of patients who developed serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants. There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the two groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the 'drain' group than in the no drain group. The quality of life of the participants was no different between the groups (one trial; 93 participants). There was not significant difference for the return to normal activity and return to work between the participants in one trial involving 100 participants. This trial did not provide any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscope cholcystectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective use of Chinese herbal medicines for the treatment of peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low quality. There was no evidence that any of the included Chinese herbs were safe or effective in terms of side effects.
This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All the included studies had relatively small numbers of patients, were of short duration, and did not assess disease-specific survival. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated the effect of IAS on biochemical progression. A subgroup analysis found no significant difference in biochemical growth between IAS and CAS. For patients with a Gleason score of 6 or higher, the IAS group had a lower risk of biochemical growth. One trial (43 patients) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia (a condition in which the stomach and bowel grow abnormally) and asthenia (low blood sugar) between the two groups. One study (43 participants) found that IAS was as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior in terms of side effects. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of Ias versus CAS for overall or prostate cancer-specific growth, or for disease progression. There were no data on side effects, but IAS may have slightly reduced side events. Limited information suggests IAS might be slightly better than CAS for side effects and for potency.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion. One trial randomised women to the levonorgestle IUD or Nova T showed that women discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova T group. One of them randomised people to immediate versus delayed insertion of the Copper 7 showed immediate insertion of an intrauterine device was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion, but the quality of evidence was moderate. Another trial showed that use and expulsion of an IUD was more likely for immediate insertion compared to delayed insertion (3 studies; 878 women). The quality of the evidence was also moderate for the use and expelled of levonergestrel-releasing intrauterines. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates (1 study; 400 women). From meta-analysis of two multicentre trials, pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lipses Loop (2 studies; 2257 women) as was expulsion (2 trials; 2253 women). In other work, adding a copper sleeve to the IUD improved efficacy (1 trial; 400 people) and reduced the expulsion rate (2 trial; 2251 women). Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of IUD immediately after abortion is safe and practical. IUD expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortions compared to delaying insertion. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants stayed in the trial throughout the six-month follow up period. There was no information about the average age and sex of the participants. The included trial looked at the effects of meditation practice on patients who had just been hospitalised with leukaemic leukaemia. The trial found that meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematological malignancies patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care control group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group in comparison to the control group, whose levels of depression remained constant. The influence of meditation on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events were not evaluated in the included trial. We judged the overall quality of the evidence as'very low', due to the extent of missing data on the study population, and the small sample size. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detection bias due to missing data due to abstract publication only. We assessed the overall risk of bias as high.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcome measures measured. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two trials. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella, compared with 78% of those who received no vaccine. The majority of the vaccine recipients had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most children received PEP within three days of exposure. However, too few children were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure, and too few participants were given PEP more than three days after exposure, for us to be able to determine whether or not the vaccine is effective. No included trial reported on side effects following the vaccine. We found no RCTs for children younger than 16 years of age. We did not find any RCT for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 randomised controlled studies, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 comparisons of different prophylactic antibiotic regimens. There was no sufficient evidence to be able to pool the data from these trials to perform a meta-analysis. The overall all-cause mortality in the four trials that reported deaths was 14/1401 people. The proportion of people who died from any cause was 1.0% in each of the individual comparisons. There were no deaths due to any reason in the trials. None of the trials reported the number of people with cancer, the length of the hospital stay, the use of healthcare resources, or quality of life. In two trials, 19/478 (4.5%) people developed MRSA infections including SSI, chest infection, bacteraemia (blood infection) and bacteraemic infections. In these two trials there were no differences between the groups in terms of the proportion of MRSA infection. In the single trial that compared a single antibiotic regimen with a placebo, there were significant reductions in MRSA-related deaths in the group that received co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime, if allergic) compared with the placebo. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics, or giving additional antibiotics for an increased duration, is of value in reducing MRSA. Well designed randomised clinical trials are necessary to assess the clinical effects of different antibiotics.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. The number of women included in each study was too small to allow us to assess the differences between groups for relevant pre-specified outcome measures. There was some evidence that women who were managed at home were more likely to have a caesarean section than those who were cared for in hospital. Mothers who received home care were more satisfied with their care, and there was evidence that home care reduced the length of time they spent in hospital compared to those who had been cared at hospital. The review included two small studies that did not have sufficient numbers of women to be able to detect any differences between the two groups. There were no information on serious maternal illness or death. There is some evidence from one trial that there was no difference between groups in the number of babies that died during birth. However, there was not enough information to be sure that this was the case. The results should be viewed with caution. The two trials included in this review were small and of limited size. More studies are needed to determine if home care is better for women and babies.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable and absorbable sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes, such as wound infection, pain, cosmesis, and re-closure, and these two are the most common methods for skin closure. However, staples may have a different effect on wound infection and wound complication depending on the type of skin incision. If staples are removed on day three, the risk of skin separation and reclosure is increased, and therefore, reclosure.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between the trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. The results of this review suggest that green tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but the small number of trials contributing to each analysis and the small sample size means that the results should be treated with some caution. There are no long-term studies to date looking at the use of green or black tea for the prevention of CVD.
The review authors identified two small trials recruiting 23 participants. Both trials were of poor quality and involved small numbers of participants. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study showed a significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is unclear. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not find any new studies. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma.
This review identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion in the review. The majority of studies were carried out in people with breast cancer, with 28 of these carried out on women. A meta-analysis of the data from these studies provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention, and 1187 people who did not. At the end of the intervention, exercise was seen to be more effective than the control intervention. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for people with cancer who had cancer in the breast or prostate. In people with solid tumours, aerobic exercise was found to be beneficial. We found no evidence that exercise was beneficial for people who had a blood cancer. The findings of this review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made. Exercise can be beneficial for those with cancer-related fatigue, but the type, intensity and timing of an exercise programme needs to be determined.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival but was high for other outcomes, as the patients were aware of the treatment they were receiving. All trials reported the results for OS (OS) and progression free survival (PFS). The addition of the EORTC 20012 trial to the review shows that patients treated with BEACOPP are more likely to live longer and to have less tumour growth after five years. However, the trial was too small to be able to show a difference in the number of people who died from any cause. There is no evidence for a difference between the treatment groups for treatment- related deaths. The addition to this review also shows that there is a new finding that patients with advanced HL who are treated with a higher dose of chemotherapy are less likely to have a new solid tumour growing after 5 years. This is a finding that is new to this update of the review and is based on the results from a new trial. There was no evidence that there was a difference for overall secondary malignancies. There were no data on quality of life, and the age of the patients was not detailed. Five trials reported side effects, and these were mostly of low or very low quality. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy, and which arm might be favoured (very low-quality evidence). This is due to the small number of patients in the trials and the fact that there were not enough data.
This review included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients or both (two trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual and low quality of evidence that there is no difference in the effect of psycho-educational interventions on quality of life. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. One study suggested that physical training was not more effective than care as a usual in improving RTW. In one study breast cancer survivors were offered a physical training programme. Seven studies assessed the effects of a medical intervention. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. We found that less radical, functioning conserverative approaches had similar rates of RTW as more radical treatments and moderate quality evidence that no differences were seen in quality of Life outcomes. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that interventions involving physical, psychoeducational, vocational and/ or vocational components led to higher RTW rate than care in which care was provided as usual (low quality evidence). We found no differences in the quality of the evidence for the effect on the effect. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias and nine studies to be of low quality.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a Scottish government agency. No declarations of interest were made in two trials. The remaining two trials did not mention their funding source. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found no new trials in this update. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour. Women should be informed that admission CTGs are likely to increase the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices. The absence of benefit and likely harm associated with the use of the admissionCTG will have relevance for countries where questions are being asked about the role of the CTG. Future studies should consider including women admitted with signs of labour and before a formal diagnosis of labour. This would include a cohort of women currently having CTGs and not included in current trials. One additional study is ongoing.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised 3666 women, three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15,230) in total. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different cultures of culture media. Only seven of the 32 studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference in the media used for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The fifth study did not appear to be reliable. Six studies reported the number of women who had a clinical pregnancy. One study found that for cleat-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage culture was more likely to be associated with a higher pregnancy rate. However, this study was published only as an abstract, and the quality of the evidence was low. None of the studies reported on the health of the babies. None reported on adverse effects. Most studies (22/32) did not report the source of funding and none described their methods in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as low. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting and poor study methods. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to support or refute any specific culture medium.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer. However, there have been no randomised trials of communication methods to women. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies and have considered that it would be perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a time when they are waiting for a diagnosis. The design of research to examine this topic needs to be explored to help inform future practice. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors relate to the first consultation visit, where women are offered treatment options, perhaps a review which focuses on the ways in which methods of communication are discussed at the first visit to the doctor would provide more reliable evidence to guide future research.
This review included 17 studies with a total of 1006 randomised participants. All studies were conducted in the USA. The evidence is current to September 2013. The studies were of short duration and involved a group of people with NSCP who received either a psychological intervention or a control group that received a control intervention. The interventions were delivered over a period of three to nine months. The results showed that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. There was also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain up to three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on the severity of the chest pain. There were no differences between the groups in terms of the number who experienced chest pain at the end of the study period. The quality of the studies was generally low. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and the wide variation in the outcome measures used in the included studies. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high risk of performance bias. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, the results of individual studies were not consistent and caution is required in interpreting these results. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first few months after treatment. However these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers. The trials evaluated the effects of these drugs in a range of short-term (one to eight weeks) and long-term treatment (up to six months) treatment. The following antihistamine and mast cells stabilisers were evaluated in at least one trial: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine (or levocabastine), levocapastine or levocabanine, mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, levocapaastine and pemirolast potassium. The most common comparison was azelASTine versus placebo (nine studies). The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. The evidence is current to September 2014. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamin and mastcell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. However, there is no long-lasting data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti-histamine or mast cell treatment. Overall, topical antihirsutism and mast Cell stabilisers appear to be safe and well tolerated.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of tobacco prevention programmes aimed at reducing the use of tobacco in Indigenous youth. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found two studies that met the inclusion criteria for the review and a third is still ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). One study found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up between the skills-community group and the control group. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test but this was not maintained at six month follow up. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of programs tailored for Indigenous youth in reducing tobacco use. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area. Smoking prevalence among Indigenous youth is twice that of the non-Indigenous population, with tobacco experimentation commencing at an early age. As such, a significant health disparity exists where Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. Methodologically rigorous trials are needed to investigate interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth and to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco-related health disparities in Indigenous and non-indigenous populations.
We searched for evidence on the benefits and harms of giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) to prevent or reduce the risk of death or complications in the womb. We found only one randomised controlled trial (72 women) that met our inclusion criteria. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. The evidence is current to September 2015. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfused policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). The available evidence is insufficient to support or oppose giving blood to pregnant pregnant women who have sicklecell anaemia to prevent, reduce or prevent death or other complications.
