This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that following asthma education delivered to children, their parents or both, there was a reduction in the number of children who attended the emergency department for acute exacerbations. There was also a reduction of the number who had to be admitted to hospital. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and reduced pain by 16% at 24 hours and by 5% at 48 hours. We also found that ketamine reduces pain by 8 mg morphine equivalent over 24 hours, and reduces opioid consumption by 13 mg. We were able to combine the results of 65 studies, which showed that intravenously administered ketamine was effective in reducing pain by 19% to 19% more than placebo (a dummy pill). We found evidence that intravenial ketamine is effective in decreasing pain at 24 and 48 hours after surgery, and reducing pain during movements by 14% to 16% (moderate-quality evidence). We did find evidence that ketamines reduced nausea and vomiting after surgery by 23% to 27% (high-quality and moderate-quality results, respectively). We were unable to analyse the effects of ketamines on the number of people who experienced CNS (neck and neck) adverse events. We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of small-study effects or because the number was too small. We rated the quality as high for pain at the rest of the operation, moderate for pain during the operation and pain at 48 and 24 hours after the operation (high for pain), and very low for nausea and nausea after the surgery (moderate quality evidence). The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were too small to detect differences between studies.
This review of five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants found that the vaccine reduced the number of children who developed malaria, but the vaccine was administered to children who had not been pretreated with antimalarial drugs. However, the vaccine did not reduce the number or severity of malaria episodes. The vaccine was not effective in preventing malaria in children who were pretreated. The MSP2 variant of the MSP parasite (MSP2) was the most commonly used subtype, but this is a variant that is not currently used in the world. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role and merit further development.
This review of four randomised trials, involving 125 participants, found that electromagnetic field stimulation may offer some benefit in the treatment of delayedunion and non-union of long bone fractures, but the evidence is inconclusive and insufficient to inform current practice. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials. The evidence is current to September 2014.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that reported this information. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients having laparoscopy for acute cholecochlecysts only. One study included patients with acute cholematitis. One of the studies did not provide this information and so the results could not be used to compare the two groups. The trials did not show that drain after laparoscope chole cystectomy was better than no drain. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840 participants) and the 'no drain' group (0.2%) in short-term mortality in the ten trials that provided this information, nor was there any difference between them in the number of deaths in the short- and long-term complications. The number of serious complications in each group was similar in the two treatment groups. There were no significant differences between the groups in the length of hospital stay. The operating time was significantly longer in the drain groups than in the 'No drain' groups. No significant difference was found between the two treatments in the quality of life of the participants. There is no evidence to support the routine use of drain after the operation to prevent complications. Further well designed randomising clinical trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbs for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Most of these trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of these Chinese herbal medicines for treating peripheral neuropathic pain is of questionable significance. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials. There were no trials that reported adverse events.
This review included five randomized controlled studies involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Studies primarily reported on adverse events. One study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, reduction in biochemical growth favoured the IAS group. One trial (N=43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, abdominal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between the IAs and CAS group, but impotence was lower in the Ias group. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events compared to CAS. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). Data from RCTs comparing IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short duration, and there are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific or disease progression.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial randomised women to either the immediate or the delayed insertion (within 24 to 48 hours of abortion) of the Copper 7. The evidence is current to August 2015. The quality of evidence was moderate. The results of this review suggest that women who had an abortion were more likely to use an IUD immediately after insertion compared to women who received a delayed insertion. The use and expulsion of Iuds was higher immediately after abortion compared to delayed insertion, but at six months postabortion, IUD use was higher following immediate insertion compared with delayed insertion and the quality of the evidence was also moderate. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates. The overall quality of this evidence was low to moderate.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found only one small trial published as an abstract article. The trial involved 92 participants with acute leukaemia. The participants were randomly assigned to meditation practice or usual care. The study was conducted in the USA and the average age of the participants was between 40 and 60 years. The duration of the study was six months. The results of the trial were not reported. The included study showed that meditation practice might improve the quality of life of haematological malignant patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care group. However, the quality and quantity of the evidence was very low, as the trial was small and the results were not published in a way that would allow us to draw any conclusions. The quality of the included trial was very poor, as there were only a small number of participants and the study did not provide enough information for us to be able to draw conclusions about the effects of meditation practice in haematic malignant individuals.
We found three trials involving 110 children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of treatment and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine participants who developed varICElla, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants received vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest varicell vaccine administered within three day to children following household contact with a variceella case reduces infection rates and severity of cases. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults. Safety was not adequately addressed.
We included 12 randomised controlled studies, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials compared different antibiotic regimens. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, New England and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to May 2014. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic regimen in four of the trials (three trials that had reported mortality and one other trial). None of the other trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people had MRSA due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there were not significant differences between the two groups in the proportion of people who developed SSI. In one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, the proportion in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) was significantly lower in the comparison. In two trials that compared MRSA infections other than SSI, 19/478 (4.5%), 19/479 (4%) people developing MRSA infection including SSI and chest infection, and bacteraemia, were in the antibiotic group. There was no significant difference in the percentage of people developing a MRSA-related infection at any body site in these two comparisons. The proportion of participants who developed MRSA in the single trial that reported MRSA (SS
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for women with PPROM. The number of women included in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Investigators used strict criteria for inclusion in both studies and in both trials relatively few women presenting with P PROM were eligible to be included. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. There was no information on serious maternal illness or death. There is some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to have a caesarean section. Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days in hospital and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included two relatively small studies that did not provide enough evidence to detect meaningful differences between groups. The results of this review should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome. Future large and adequately powered randomised controlled trials are required to assess differences between the groups for relevant pre-defined outcomes. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most commonly compared are non-absorbable staples and non-absorptive sutures. These two methods are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure. Compared with absorbable subcutaneous suture, staples are associated with similar incidences of infection and wound complications. However, staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. Compared to absorbable suturing, staples have an increased risk of skin separation and reclosure. However the methods used to close skin incisions were not always consistent across trials, and most staples were removed before four days postpartum. If staples are removed on day three, the risk of reclosure is increased. There is no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, South Korea, Thailand, Thailand and the United Kingdom. The results of the trials showed that green tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but the results should be treated with some caution as only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. Green tea was also found to produce favourable effects in total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and blood pressure. However, the results were not stable to sensitivity analysis. When both tea types were analysed together they showed favourable effects for LDL cholesterol and high blood pressure, but only a few trials contributed data to each of the analyses. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has beneficial effects on the CVD risks of CFS, but further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
The review authors identified two small trials that recruited 23 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA and the UK and involved 23 participants with chronic asthma. The participants were aged between 18 and 65 years. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 1991 and involved a total of 23 participants, with an average age of 40 years. Participants may have been suffering from asthma. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the review. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We searched for studies that compared exercise with no exercise in people with cancer. We included studies that assessed the effects of exercise on fatigue in people who had cancer and those with cancer of the blood vessels. We found 56 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The majority of these studies were conducted in people having cancer treatment. We identified that exercise on tiredness was beneficial for people with breast cancer, but not for those with blood cancers. We also found that exercise reduced fatigue in those with solid tumours. We did not find any evidence that exercise was beneficial in people without cancer. The findings of this review have enabled a more precise conclusion in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2016 and found five trials with 3427 participants. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) with HL. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found that patients treated with advanced HL who had been diagnosed with advanced disease after first-line chemotherapy had a higher survival rate (OS) compared to patients treated without advanced disease. However, the evidence was of low quality. The survival advantage was not seen in patients with advanced cancer. The addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients who had their treatment escalated had a better survival rate. However the trial was too small to be able to show a difference in the number of patients who died. The EORC 20012 study did not report quality of life, so we could not assess this. The quality of the evidence for survival was high for patients with HL who were treated with escalated chemotherapy. The overall quality of evidence for the other outcomes was low or very low. The main reasons for this were that the trials were small and the results were not consistent. The included trials were too small and had a high risk of bias. The results of this review are based on five trials, which included a total of 3427 people. The majority of the trials included adults with advanced and advanced HL. We found that people treated with accelerated chemotherapy had better survival compared to those treated with conventional chemotherapy. However this finding is based on only five trials. The number of people who died was low and the quality of this evidence was low. There was no evidence for a difference between the two groups for treatment-related deaths. The analysis of the E ORTC 20011 trial showed no evidence of a difference for treatment related deaths. There is no evidence that the increased survival of patients with accelerated treatment increases the risk of developing second solid tumours. However there is low-quality evidence that this may be
We included studies that compared a variety of interventions, including psycho-educational, physical, psycho-education, vocational, patient education and/or vocational interventions with care as usual. We found that psycho-eduction and patient education interventions led to similar rates of RTW. We also found that there was no difference in the effect on quality of life between the interventions. In one trial, patients with breast cancer were offered a physical intervention. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low for psycho-teaching and patient care as a means of improving RTW and low for the effect of psycho-learning. We judged the quality to be low for all other outcomes. We rated the quality as moderate for the effects of interventions on RTW, low for interventions on quality-of life and low quality for interventions in which interventions were combined. We considered the quality and quantity of evidence for the outcomes of RTWs to be moderate. We included studies in which participants were assigned to receive a different intervention. The interventions were compared to care asusual, care as planned, or no intervention, or to a combination of interventions. The evidence was current to September 2014. We identified 15 studies including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven studies) or prostate cancer patients or both (two studies). Two studies involved psycho-educated interventions including patient education, teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psychoeducation and low-quality evidence that there is no difference between psycho-training and care as regular care. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. We were unable to identify any studies that assessed vocational interventions or interventions. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in patients with cancer. Results showed that multidisdisciplinary interventions involving physical, psychological, psychoeducational and
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place. One trial was funded by a Scottish government-sponsored organisation. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in the labour. The women were followed up for between one and three months. The studies were assessed as low risk of bias. The results of this review suggest that women admitted to hospital with low-risk pregnancies should not have CTG. The use of CTG increases the caesarean section rate by approximately 20% in women admitted with low risk pregnancies. Women also had higher rates of continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labour and fetal blood sampling. There were no differences between groups in other outcomes including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (a brain disorder in which the baby's brain is deprived of oxygen), seizures in the newborn period and severe neurodevelopmental disability. The findings of this systematic review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that women should be informed that admission CTGs are likely to increase the caeesareans rate without evidence of benefit. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The main limitations of the studies were imprecision, inconsistency and lack of blinding for participants and personnel.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over over 15,230) in this analysis. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media used for either day three or day five embryo transfer. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One study found a difference in clinical pregnancy rates between the medium used for cle-stage embryo transfer, suggesting that for clephard stage IVF, Quinn's advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy numbers than G5. This study was available only as an abstract, and the quality of the evidence was low. None of the studies reported on adverse effects. Three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None found any evidence of any difference between mediums used. None reported on the health of the offspring. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communication between women and their doctors in the first consultation with their cancer doctor. The authors searched for studies which had been published up to July 2013. They found no randomised controlled trials of methods for communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice. As some papers reviewed by the authors related to the first visit to the doctor, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communicating at the first consultative visit would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness and ethical dilemmas previously mentioned.
We included 17 studies with 1006 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The interventions included a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was delivered in a group of people with NSCP. The intervention was compared with a control group that received no intervention. The results showed that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of chest-free days up to three months following the intervention, which is a measure of the number days without chest pain. There is no evidence of effect of treatment on the severity of chest pains up to one year after the treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The included studies were of variable quality and the number and duration of the interventions varied. The wide variability in the outcomes of interest made it difficult to combine the results of the studies. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, there were differences between the studies in terms of the way the studies were carried out and the way they were reported. Therefore, caution is required in interpreting the results. Further studies of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The following antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers were evaluated in at least one trial: nedocromil sodium, sodium bicarbonate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine (or lelegabASTine), levocabastine and mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, levocapine and pemirolast potassium, and pembrokinesia. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. The evidence is current to September 2014. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamine and mastcell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti-histamine or mast cell-stabilising agents. Overall, topical antihirsutism and mast-cell stabilisation appear to be safe and well tolerated.
We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria and one of these studies is still ongoing. The two studies were based in the US, one in the UK and one in Australia. Both studies were conducted in the USA and involved a range of community-based interventions. The studies were of mixed design and used a range and variety of interventions. One study was conducted in a skills-community group and the other in a control group. The study in the skills-only group found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at six month follow- up. Both of the studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
We searched for evidence on the effects of giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with HbSC or HbSβThal (i.e. HbSS) in the womb. We found one trial involving 72 women. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transplantation. The evidence is current to August 2015. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. The quality of the evidence was very low. The study did not report any important outcomes for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The results of the trial indicated no clear differences in maternal mortality, perinatal mortality or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), congestive cardiac failure (very low-quality evidence), acute chest syndrome (very-low-quality data) and acute splenic sequestration (low- and low- quality evidence) between the treatment groups (prophylaxis versus selective blood transfusion). Low-quality of evidence indicated that prophylectal blood transfused women had less pain crisis compared with selective blood given. The review did not find any clear differences between the groups in the occurrence of acute splenitis, haemolytic crises or delayed blood transfusing reaction (verylow- quality data) between these groups. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and haemoglobin-related disease of the newborn, were not reported by the trial. The overall quality of this evidence was low.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. The evidence is current to February 2017. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The majority of the trials were of low-quality. The main outcomes were blood transfusion (proportion) and complications, which were higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the control group. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfused blood was higher in people receiving low central pressure and low central blood pressure plus low venous blood flow. The number of complications was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The total hospital stay, total hospital stays, and operating time were lower with low central flow than with control. The quality of the evidence was very low. The only difference between the two methods of radiofrequency dissection was the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher for the radiofrequency- dissecting method than for the clamp clamp-Crush method, but the difference was based on single trials. The overall quality of evidence was low. There was no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resection is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or blood transfusions. There is no evidence that using radiofrequency decompression equipment for the removal of the liver is of benefit in reducing the need for blood transf transfusions or complications. None of the studies reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. The available evidence suggests that radiofrequency dissection of the livers may be associated with more adverse events than with clamp-breaking. The use of radiofibre dissecting seals should not be used outside the clinical trial setting. The included trials were at high risk of bias. The studies were small and the results
This review aimed to find out if there is any evidence that the best treatment for PPP is available. Twenty-three trials involving a total of 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids, oral PUVA and PUVA combined with other treatments. However, a combination of PUVA with other drugs is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful treatments for PP. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide, a steroid, is effective in the treatment of PPP. Many different interventions were reported to produce improvement in PPP, but there is no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to patients. This review has shown that the ideal treatment remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We searched for studies that compared the blood pressure-lowering effect of loop diuretics with other drugs in adults with high blood pressure. We found nine trials that evaluated the blood-pressure-lowerening effect of five drugs within the loop diurtics class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to January 2014. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of the five drugs was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2) mm Hg. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. The dose-ranging effects of loop duretics could not be evaluated. The quality of evidence for both systols and diastolic (lower blood pressure) blood pressure estimates was low due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias. We graded the quality of the evidence as low due the high-risk of bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) and 1291 participants randomized to control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. Most trials included only low anaesthetic-risk people undergoing planned laparoscopic cholecarystectomy. There were considerable differences in methods of local anaesthesia instillation including the location of the local anaesthetics (subdiaphrasmatic, gallbladder bed, or both), and timing (before or after the removal of the gallbladders) between the trials. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0%) versus 0/210 (0%). One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness (1/236 in the local surgical group versus 1/210 in the control group). The remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity. Three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported that no serious complications occurred in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthesiologists' intervention. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The effect of local surgical instillation on the proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention. The length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the participants receiving local anaestroke (32 trials; 2020 participants) than in the controls at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. The quality of the evidence was very low. Serious complications were rare in studies evaluating local anaster intraperitoneal instillation. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces pain in low anaesthetist risk people undergoing elective laparoscopy.
We identified 74 studies that compared the sensitivity and specificity of all RDTs with each other or with microscopy. We grouped studies according to the antigens they detected. We identified 74 RDT studies that evaluated the antigenic markers of the malaria parasite (called the 'type 1' or 'type 2' antigenic markers) in a total of 7,906 patients. We found that the sensitivity of all the antibodies was such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria. The antigeneric markers were HRP-2 (fromP. falcus falciphera) and pLDH (from P. patellofemoralis), which are the most commonly used antigents for malaria. We also found that pLDh antibody-based RDT tests were more sensitive than pLDI antibody- based tests, but the differences were small. The pLDIs were less specific than the pLDIDs, but there was no difference between the two groups. The quality of the studies was not assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have P. floridus falcidus, and 30% have P falcips, then the number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be 34 with Type 1 tests, and nine with Type 4.
We searched for studies that compared the length of time primary care physicians spent with patients for consultations with each other or with other doctors. We found five studies that tested short-term changes to the length and number of consultations. All were conducted in the UK, and tested short changes in how long doctors spent with each patient. We are uncertain whether short- or long-term (one or more sessions) changes in the length or number of appointments physicians make with patients improve their ability to provide good-quality care. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering the length (or both) of primary care physician consultations. We judged the certainty of the evidence to be very low, meaning that we are uncertain about whether short changes to appointment length increase or decrease the length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, and patient satisfaction. None of the studies reported on how the changes affect the amount of time doctors spend in the clinic. We do not know whether short consultations with doctors are better or worse for patients. It is possible that these findings may change if more studies are published in the future.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of high dose versus low dose stavudine in patients with HIV infection. We found three small trials that evaluated the effects and safety of high and low dose of stavUDine. The trials were conducted in developed countries and none reported on patients from developing countries. All three trials were ART experienced and all had sustained virologic suppression. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. The studies were at a high risk of bias due to the way the trials were designed and reported. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride levels in two studies and body mass index in one study. In light of variation in study design and follow-up, no meta-analysis was performed and the results of single studies are presented. There was no significant difference in virologicity between the two groups. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 study and no participants in the McComsey 2008 trial and not in the Sanchez-Conde 2005 trial. The high dose trials demonstrated a reduction in bone mineral density (BMD), reduction in limb fat and an increase in triglycerides in the higher dose arms. The results of individual results from the trials have not shown a clear advantage in virolic efficacy or safety between low and high dose stivudine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained viral suppression and so existing data cannot be generalized to populations where stavuzine is currently used in ART naive patients with high viral loads.
We included 10 trials with 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects that were not related to the recruitment manoeuvre (e.g. mode of ventilation, different modes of ventilation and higher tidal volume or plateau pressure). We found that a ventilation strategy including recruitment manoeuvrs reduced death rates in the intensive care unit and hospital, but did not reduce the risk of death at the end of 28 or in hospital. We found no difference in the risk for death at 28 days or in the number of deaths at 28 or hospital. The quality of the evidence was low, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions as part to an open-lung ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome. We rated the quality of evidence as low for all outcomes.
This review aimed to assess the effects of psychological interventions in the treatment of asthma. The review included 15 studies, involving 687 participants. The studies were of poor quality and the number of patients in the studies was small. However, some of the results were mixed. The results of three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not show significant differences between treatment and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients) by relaxation therapy. However there was no significant difference in FEV1 for relaxation therapy in four studies of 150 patients. There was no statistically significant improvement in FEB1 for the relaxation therapy group in four trials, (150 patients). Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire in two trials, showed a positive effect following CBT. Peak Expiratory Flow outcome data in two of these studies, including 51 patients, indicated a significant difference following bio-feedback therapy but no significant improvement following relaxation therapy, and there was a positive improvement in depression following relaxation. The findings between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in trial design. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for any of the outcomes assessed due to lack of evidence. Larger, well-conducted and reported trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects on asthma in adults.
We searched for studies that compared antidepressants with benzodiazepines in people with panic disorders. We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall, which compared antidepressants and benzodiazapine as monotherapy. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The majority of studies were of low-quality. We did not find enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and tolerability of antidepressants and/or benzodizapine in panic disorder. We also found that there was no difference between antidepressants and the benzodazepine in terms of response rate, but there was some evidence that benzodazine was better tolerated than antidepressants. We could not find any evidence that there were any differences between individual benzoduzapine. We were unable to assess the long-term side effects of antidepressants or benzodzapine, and we found no evidence that either drug was better than the other. We concluded that the quality of the evidence was low or very low, and that further high-quality studies are needed to answer our review question.
This review of trials found that there is a lack of evidence to support the use of metal stents in patients with pancreatic carcinoma. There is some evidence that plastic stents are more likely to cause complications than metal stent. However, there is no evidence that metal stenting is more effective than plastic stenting. There was no evidence to suggest that metal or plastic stent is better than polyethylene stents. There were no significant differences in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality.
We included five studies that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation or Doppler auditory assistance. Four studies compared ultrasound with palpate and one study compared ultrasound guided by Dopple ultrasonic assistance with Doppledrum. We found that ultrasound guidance improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications. The evidence is current to August 2016. We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the success of ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation with other techniques. The studies were conducted in children and young people. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of events. We also found that the quality of evidence was limited by the small sample sizes of the studies, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are valid. We rated the quality as moderate for the outcomes of first attempt success and complications. We did not find any studies that reported on ischaemic damage.
We included one small randomised trial (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three studies (general population studies in Canadian provinces conducted in 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men exposed with a high-alcohol level. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent, and the results from two of the three studies were inconclusive. The studies evaluated different types of alcohol advertising bans, including a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertisement, a partial ban on alcohol advertising only, and a partialban only on spirits advertising. The review found that the number of people who consumed alcohol increased or decreased by an average of 1.10% in the general population following the implementation of a total alcohol advertising ban. The evidence from the ITS studies was of very low quality due to a lack of randomisation and imprecision in the results. No other prespecified outcomes were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported in any of the studies. None of the included trials were funded by the alcohol or advertising industry. There is a lack in the available evidence to support or refute the implementation or lifting of alcohol restrictions. There are no studies evaluating the effect of advertising bans on economic loss or hardship due to decreased sales of alcohol.
This review of trials found no difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing intestinal tract infection. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. There was no difference in incidence of necrotized enterocolitis, based on small numbers in two trials. No studies were located addressing long-term developmental outcomes or neurodevelopmental outcomes. There were no differences in the incidence of adverse effects between the two types of formula. Therefore, neither formula type could be concluded to improve short- or long-lasting growth or to have less adverse effects. Further studies are necessary to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on long-time growth and development.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one small randomised controlled trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of the reporting and lack of information on blinding. Transcervical saline was given to women at a rate of 10 mL per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL perminute until delivery, compared to no ammiotic fluid until delivery. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniolence. The evidence is current to February 2017. The study did not report on the number of babies that died or had severe complications (such as brain injury, brain damage, or admission to intensive/high care). The study also did not provide information on the rate of caesarean section. The amnial fluid was given in a room temperature saline solution. The women in the amnion infusion group had a lower temperature at delivery compared to women in a control group. The reduction in the temperature found may be a direct cooling effect of amninal saline, rather than reduction of infection. The number of women who developed endometritis (inflammation of the lining of the uterus) was not different between the groups. The duration of antibiotic treatment was not reduced in the control group, nor was the number women admitted to hospital. The included study did report on this review's other primary outcome (perinatal death or severe illness). The reduction of the baby's temperature at birth was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The majority of this review’s secondary outcomes were not reported in the included
The review authors identified three studies that met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. The studies were of limited quality. The sensitivity of the Mini-Cog varied in the individual studies and the specificity of the test varied in each study. The study designs were not well described and the results were imprecise. The methodological limitations of the studies introduced potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection. The limited number of studies and methodological limitations in the current studies make it difficult to provide recommendations for or against the use of the mini-COG as a cognitive screening test in community settings. Additional well-designed studies comparing the MiniCOG to other brief cognitive screening tests are required in order to determine the accuracy and utility of theMiniCog in community based settings.
We included 19 studies that investigated the effectiveness of amphetamines for ADHD. The studies included 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%), and were conducted in the USA. Eighteen studies were conducted by the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and USA. Ten studies were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamine have powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a design that used cross-over design. The quality and quantity of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We did not find any evidence that any amphetamine was better than other drugs for reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms. We also found that amphetaminers were more likely to cause adverse events than placebo. We could not identify any differences between amphetamines for the severity or duration of treatment. We concluded that amphetamine is effective for reducing ADHD symptoms, but we found no difference between amphetamine and other drugs in terms of effectiveness. We do not know if amphetines have any better than placebo for reducing symptoms of ADHD. We cannot recommend any particular type of amphetamine for reducing severity of symptoms.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were diverse with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported pain scores for people with chronic pain. The other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition (low quality evidence). Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively few and infrequent (good quality evidence), with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good). Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of vitaminD across different chronic painful diseases is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic painful disorders needs further investigation.
This review of studies found that a combination of professional interventions can improve the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. A combination of interventions can also improve process outcomes. The addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes. Nurses can play an important role through patient education or facilitating adherence to treatment. Organisations that improve regular recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also help to improve diabetes management.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared hormonal and intrauterine contraceptive methods in a total of 1503 women aged 25 years and younger. The trials compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterin system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG-iUS 12 versus LNG.16, LNG and IUD versus IUD, and LNG 20 versus the copper T380A intrauterinesurface. The studies included a total number of 1507 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The LNG was found to be as effective as the LNG in all trials, but the studies did not differ in terms of whether women continued using it. The COC was more effective than the L NG-IUD in one trial, but there was no difference in the number of women who stopped using it for other reasons. The trial comparing LNG 12 versus the Lng-IUSB 16 showed similar efficacy over one and three years. In three trials that examined different LNGs, continuation of the LGG-Ius was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. In another study, continuation was at at least as high as that for the COC. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review of trials found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and medication use and improves the symptoms of asthma. There was a significant reduction of asthma symptoms, and a reduction in the symptoms associated with asthma hyper-reactivity. There were no differences in lung function. There is a suggestion that the benefit of immunotherapy may be comparable to inhaled steroids. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered.
This review of six trials found that lung-protective ventilation reduced mortality at day 28 and at the end of hospital stay. The effect on long-term mortality is unknown. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-lasting outcomes. The trials were of variable quality. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as the trials were not of high quality and the results were not consistent across trials.
We included 15 studies with 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients with acute ischaemic shock is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. We identified no high-quality studies that compared the two techniques. The results of our review should be interpreted with caution. We recommend that future studies should be designed to compare the two methods of giving the drug intravenously. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
This review identified four trials including a total of 15,936 hypertensive patients. The average age of the patients was 75.4 years. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660) and there was considerable heterogeneity between the trials. The results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment (Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) = 0.42, 95% CI 0.30, 0.53). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were reduced significantly in the three studies assessing this outcome (W MD = -10.22, 95/CI -10, 10.78, -9.66 for systographic blood pressure, WMD = -4.28, 95-CI -4,58, -3.98 for diastographic blood blood pressure).  Three trials reported adverse effects requiring discontinuation of treatment and the combined results indicated no difference (OR = 1.01, 95+ CI 0 to 1.11). When analysed separately, however, more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the number that received active treatment, this introduced bias. There is no convincing evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive hypertensive participants with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. The evidence is up to date to September 2015. In complex lesions, there were no differences in re-stenosis rates at six months and at one year in those receiving PTCRA with adjunctive balloon angioplasty (PTCRA/PTCA) compared to those receiving angioplastasty alone. PTCra/P TCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period. Compared to angioplanasty alone, PTCra did not increase the risk for major adverse events (MI, emergency cardiac surgeries or death). P TCRA/PCTA did not reduce the risk that patients experienced a spasm, perforation or transient vessel occlusion. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCA in non-complex lesions. Morphological characteristics of complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised controlled trials.  In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTCa), PTCR may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. The quality of the evidence for the effectiveness of P TCRA in in-stent re-steenosis is unclear. We found no long-term data to support the routine use of PCTRA in the routine routine use for in-ventricular re-stents.
This review identified three randomised trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants. Two of these trials were multicentre trials comprising only participants positive for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial involved participants who had bronchiolitis from a hospital in Italy. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as daily or twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy was nebulisation of salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. Overall, nebulising rhDNases showed no benefit in clinically meaningful outcomes. Meta-analysis favoured the control group with a shorter duration of hospital stay and better clinical score improvement. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or admission to the intensive care unit. In one trial, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis (electasis is inflammation of the atria caused by the presence of a virus). Two of the 11 patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after nebulized rhDNASE. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary reduction in blood oxygen levels, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste. The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use of nebulaised rh DNase for children under 24 months of age hospitalised with acute bronchiolytic bronchitis. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the duration of stay in hospital or improve clinical outcomes.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few factors that could affect the reliability of the results. We found no significant difference in mortality between groups, and only one death occurred overall, in the totally percutaneous group. Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study we observed one failure of aneurYSm exclusion in the surgery group. No wound infections occurred in the cut down femoral artery access group or the percuturgical group. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two groups. There were no differences in bleeding complications and haematoma between the groups. Only the perctaneous approach was faster than the cut-down femoral arteries approach for the following outcomes: death, major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications. Only a small number of participants were included in this review, and the number of events was low. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. As the number and quality of included studies were limited, more research into this technique would be beneficial. The review identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was more likely to cause allergic reactions than the daphragmatic. Discontinuation rates were higher with the sponge than with the diapragm at 12 months as well. No new trials have been identified for this review since the initial review.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated the amelioration of cognitive deficits. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, it was not possible to combine the results of the studies. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for preventing cognitive deficits; memantine (an antiecognitive drug) and d-threo methylphenidate (an anti-cancer drug). The first study found that the primary cognitive outcome of memory at six months did not reach significance, but the second study found significant improvement in overall cognitive function. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program for the prevention of cognitive deficit but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. Three other studies investigated interventions for the treatment of cognitive problems; methylphenide compared with modafinil, and donepezil compared with placebo. The first found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenid and modafinoil arms; few adverse events were reported. The second study combined treatment arms and found improvements across all cognitive tests, however, there were a number of adverse events. Both studies were limited by a small sample size. The other study did not find an improvement in the primary outcome of overall cognitive outcome, but did find improvement in individual test of memory, compared to placebo; adverse events, but no other adverse events or differences between groups were reported in the third study. No non-pharmacological studies for the amleioration or prevention of the cognitive deficits were eligible. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate. The main limitations were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. There were a few limitations in the studies but few were without high risks of bias. There is no strong evidence to support the use of any non-drug interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or amelion of cognitive disorders. Non-
We found two studies that compared the effects of low-level laser treatment with placebo laser therapy on the severity of nerve damage in patients with inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of injury to the nerve. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies were at high risk of bias. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA and Canada. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low level laser treatment compared to placebo laser treatment on the symptoms of nerve injury to inferior alvesolar sensory deficits as a consequence of injury. The results of the studies were imprecise. Patients reported altered sensation and pain, pain, and pain tests. No studies reported on the effects on the other primary outcomes of pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. No study reported on quality of life or adverse events. The overall quality of the evidence was very low as a due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the included studies, indirectness of the results and the imprecision of the reported results. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of nerve injuries to the inferior alvovascular and lingual nerve. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including patient-specificised measures of altered sensation, pain and pain testing, and the effects in delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a metaanalysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. One trial was based on 161 women with a history of diabetes. It showed no statistically significant difference between using combined hormone therapy and using placebo for all our proposed primary outcomes, namely, miscarriage, perinatal death and preterm birth. In terms of this review's secondary outcomes, use of combined hormone therapies was associated with an increased risk of maternal cancer in the uterus in the mothers. However for the outcome of cancer other than that of the reproductive system in mothers, there was no difference between groups. Similarly, the combined hormone treatment did not reduce the rate of miscarriage in the women. The second study was based upon pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF). This study showed no difference in the rate for miscarriage between the combined hormonal therapy group and the no treatment group. The study did not report on this review’s primary outcomes (perinatal deaths or rates of the baby dying before birth) nor on any of the other proposed secondary outcomes. There is an insufficient evidence from randomised trials to assess the use of hormonal therapy with combined oestrogen and progestin for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups was 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. For SSRI this was 1.28, 95%, CI 1.15 to 1.43. The numbers needed to treat for depression treatment ranged from 7 to 16 for TCAs (median NNT 9) and for SSRIS from 7.8 to 8.8 for SSRI (medians 7.7 to 8). The numbers of participants who withdrew from the studies due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 for TCA and from 20 to 90 for SSI.
This review of trials found that, compared with placebo (a pretend medicine), ibuprofen 400 mg provided effective relief from headache pain in about half of migraine patients, but not all. Ibuproven 400 mg was better than placebo for relieving headache pain for 2-hour headache pain, but was no better than rofen 25 mg for relieting headache pain at 24-hour. Soluble formulations of ibuprocinol 400 mg were better than standard tablets for pain relief for 1-hour, but were no better for 2 hours. Ibupsrofen 200 mg provided more rapid relief for 2 hour headache pain than placebo, but the higher dose was no more effective than the lower dose for 2 days. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibuproxen and placebo. Ibupprofen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about one-third of migraine sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. Adverse events were mostly minor and transient.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials with 3497 participants with dry eye. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison. All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no between-treatment differences. Our review also found that OTC synthetic tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias. OTCificial tears may provide a safe and effective means for treating dry eyes; however, the literature indicates that the majority of OTC tears may have similar efficacies. This conclusion could be greatly skewed by the inconsistencies in study designs and inconsistencies in reporting trial results. Additional research is needed before we can draw robust conclusions about the effectiveness of individual OTC tear formulations.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared the effects of maintaining lamivudine in second-line treatment with or without boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) in patients who failed first-line therapy. There was limited evidence to support the use of second-lines for people with HIV who fail first-time treatment. There were no trials identified comparing boosted proteases with boosted PIs or nucleoside backbone combinations. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form did not show a difference in the proportion of patients who achieved viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamivudiudine (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to those on 3TC/FTC-sparing second-lung regimen. There is limited evidence that second-liners are effective in the short-term in patients with HIV. There are few studies comparing boosted PI combinations with boosted proteasis directly in populations starting second-life treatment. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies involving 8,206 participants. We found that all the tests had relatively low sensitivity, which means that they are less accurate than we would expect. We also found that the tests were not very accurate in identifying difficult face mask ventilation, difficult laryngoscopy, difficult tracheal intubation, and failed intubations. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of the tests to identify difficult tracings. We identified that the upper lip bite test was the most accurate test for diagnosing difficult traceal intutation, but it was not as accurate as the other tests. We could not find studies that tested the tests for identifying difficult tracental intubes, difficult face masks, or failed intubes. We judged the risk of bias in the studies to be variable, and we mostly observed low risk of biased studies for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of biases for reference standard and index tests. The studies were generally of good quality. We concluded that the studies were of low to moderate quality.
This review of trials found that the use of probiotics reduced the duration of diarrhoea and the frequency of stool stool in children with acute infectious diarrhoeas. Probiotics also reduced the number of times the children had to be treated with extra fluids. The trials were undertaken in different settings and also varied greatly in the organisms tested and the dosage of the probiotics used. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotic intervention. Probiotic regimens appear to be safe and have a clear beneficial effect in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency in acute infectious diarrhea. However, the trials were of variable quality and the results should be interpreted with caution.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of nid therapy compared with standard standard care. The study was funded by the manufacturer of the drug. The results of the single study showed that people receiving nid therapies improved their social functioning and engagement with non-inpatient services in both the short term and medium term. The quality of the evidence was very low for engagement with services and social functioning, and very low quality for adverse effects/death. The evidence for adverse outcomes/death was very poor. The review found that people leaving the study early favoured the intervention group. The overall quality of evidence was low for social function, engagement with other services, and adverse effects. The included study did not provide enough evidence to determine whether or not nid treatment is beneficial or harmful. The limited evidence available for social functioning was of very low or low quality. The available evidence for engagement in non-patient services was of moderate or low methodological quality.
We searched for studies that compared the effect of pregabalin to placebo (a pretend medicine) or another active medicine (placebos) in adults with fibromyalgia. We included eight studies in this review. Five studies (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregapalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. The results of the studies showed that pregabsalin 300 to 600 mg produces a major reduction in pain intensity over 12 to 26 weeks with tolerable side effects for a small proportion of people (about 10% more than placebo) with moderate or severe pain due to fibromyromyalgia, and moderate or very much pain due in about 10% of people. The degree of pain relief is known to be accompanied by improvements in other symptoms, quality of life, and function. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced side effects. Specific side effects were more common with pregabbyalin than placebo, in particular dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema. Serious side effects did not differ between active treatment groups and placebo. Withdrawals due to side effects (for any reason) were about 10 more common in people taking pregaberalin than in people on placebo, but withdrawals due to lack of efficacy were about 6% lower. The quality of the evidence was high for most outcomes. The evidence is current to January 2018.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild preterm pregnancy symptoms) that compared magnesium sulphate with placebo (a pretend treatment). The trial did not report any of this review's primary outcomes. The trial was at a low risk of bias. The study did not show any significant difference between magnesium sulphates and placebo in Apgar score less than seven (a test of Apgar at five minutes) or gestational age at birth. There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed), but no significant difference in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment was observed. There was no significant differences seen between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section. The included trial did show that magnesium sulphatate did not increase the risk of postnatal haemoglobin levels. The review authors concluded there is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphape when administered to women for the protection of the term fetus. As there has recently been recent evidence for the use of magnesium sulfate for the neuroprotection of the preterm fetus, high-quality randomised trials are needed to assess its safety profile and neurological outcomes for the term baby. Strategies to reduce maternal side-effects during treatment also require evaluation.
This review aimed to determine the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review. Two used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other through clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. The results of the review indicate that smoking cessation programmes specifically targeted to Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However, the evidence base is not strong with a small number of methodologically sound trials investigating these interventions. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available for evaluating smoking cessation programs in Indigenous populations, despite the known success of these interventions in non-Indigenous populations.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We included studies that compared PAC with standard care in critically ill patients. We found that PAC did not affect the number of deaths in the ICU or hospital, or the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) or the number or duration of hospitalization. We also found that there was no difference between the two groups of patients in terms of the time patients spent in the hospital. We did not identify any differences in the number and duration of time patients were in the general ICU, the length or duration in the emergency department or the ICUs. We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients and general intensive care patients separately. We were able to combine the results of eight studies of patients with a high- risk of high blood pressure and five studies of general intensive surgery patients. There was no significant difference in the risk of death between the groups. We could not determine if PAC was beneficial or not for patients with high blood pressures. We assessed costs based on hospital charges billed, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Two of the studies were conducted in the United States and did not find a difference in hospital costs. We concluded that PAC is a diagnostic and haemodynamic monitoring tool that is not a therapeutic intervention. Newer, less-invasive haemodynamics monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC prior to clinical use in critical ill patients in ICUs, but we found that the quality of evidence was high for mortality and time in the LOS but low for cost analysis.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice in term babies for blood sampling. The use of a sweet tasting solution reduces the pain experienced by the baby during the procedure. The babies' crys were similar during the procedures but the differences were reduced when the sweet tasting solutions were provided prior to either procedure.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a broken down episiotomy wound at point of entry. The studies were of poor quality and did not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of secondary suture for the management of broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. Only one small study presented data on wound healing at less than four weeks, although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in women who had their wounds resutured, however this difference was not statistically significant. Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia (a secondary outcome measure for this review) at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between both groups; two months, (one study), and six- months, respectively. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sex by two months (one trial), and two months after the end of the study (one small study). Significantly more women in the secondary suturing group had resumed sex two months later (one large study), although by six months there was no significant difference. Neither of the trials included data in relation to the following prespecified secondary outcome measures: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineum wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or oppose secondary sutter's stitches for the treatment of broken-down perineals following childbirth, and there is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included studies separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, preventing any pooling of results. Only three studies indicated that compared with antiviral drug, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in reducing flu symptoms and improving recovery. Most Chinese medicinal herbal medicines showed similar effects to antiviral medicines in reducing or treating flu. Few were shown to be superior to antivirals. No obvious adverse events were reported in the included studies. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. More high-quality randomised controlled trials with large numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed. The evidence is current to January 2014.
We searched for studies that compared the use of thrombolytic agents to placebo (a pretend treatment) or to other treatments for catheter dysfunction. We found 8 studies that involved a total of 558 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that thromboside agents, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange are effective and appropriate therapies for immediately restoring catheter patency in dysfunctional cuffed and tunnelled HD catheters. There is no evidence to suggest any specific treatment is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. There was no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis access or risk of side effects. The certainty of the evidence was low due to the fact that it is based on only one study with wide confidence limits, high risk of bias and imprecision in the estimates of adverse effects. There were no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have a high risk for bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement. Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter disruption.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised) that compared the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). Fifteen trials reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment comparisons) published time-to-event data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition to the chemotherapy regimen and the control (control). There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.07, P = 0). We found no difference in time to progression between these regimens, with a overall HR (95%) of 0%. We found that the addition or combination of one or more drugs to the treatment regimen showed a statistically significant advantage for tumours to shrink but the results suggest no difference on survival time or time to the progression of the cancer. The positive effect on tumour growth was also associated with increased toxicity. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia were more common with the addition.
This review of trials found that a non-invasive neonatal intensive care unit is better than ICU care for the chronically ill. There is some evidence that patients discharged from a non invasive neonatal unit are better prepared for discharge, but it is unclear if this is simply a result of an increased length of inpatient stay. No significant adverse effects were noted but the possibility of increased early mortality cannot be discounted. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, two studies compared ultrasound with another non-surgical intervention, and six studies compared a multi-component intervention with another type of non-non-surgic intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, and only two studies reported that the allocation sequence was not concealed. Overall, there is insufficient evidence to suggest that one therapeutic ultrasound regimen is more efficacious than another. Only two studies measured the short-term overall improvement (any measure in which patients indicate how much their complaints have improved compared with baseline, and any measure in the intensity of their complaints compared to baseline, for example, global rating of improvement). One low quality trial with 68 participants found that therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of experiencing short-time overall improvement at the end of seven weeks treatment, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between the correlation of the two wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low quality study with 60 participants found a short term overall improvement in patient satisfaction when therapeutic ultrasound plus a splint was compared with splint alone. The chance of short- term overall symptom improvement was decreased when low-level laser therapy plus splint, but this result was not statistically significant. No studies reported any side effects of therapeutic ultrasound, but these were only measured in three studies. More studies are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of therapeutic Ultrasound for CTS.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a statin), simvastatine (a drug that blocks the action of cholesterol), clofibrate (a hormone), conjugated or conjugate oestrogen (a steroid), and conjugates of oestrogens (drugs that increase the production of oesophagesal hormones). The evidence is current to August 2013. We found that statin therapy alone had a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular events in patients with a previous history of stroke or TIA. There was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death. Three statin trials showed a reduction in subsequent serious vascular events. There is evidence that statins significantly reduce subsequent major coronary events but only marginally reduces the risk of stroke recurrence. There were no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in patients who had previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later. In view of this and the evidence of the benefit of statin therapies in patients without a history of heart disease, patients with ischaemic stroke or stroke or a history in whom heart disease has already been established should receive statins.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that mass media campaigns can change smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. There is evidence that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include mass media campaign can be effective in changing smoking behaviours in adults. The intensity and duration of the campaigns may influence effectiveness, but length of follow-up and concurrent secular trends and events can make this difficult to quantify. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances when compared with no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared to psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, sleep disturbances or anxiety in the short term. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercise. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate for yoga versus no therapy and very low for yoga compared with psychosomatic interventions. The results of the review suggest that yoga might be an effective supportive intervention for improving health- related quality oflife and reducing fatigue and night-time sleep disturbances, as a supportive intervention when compared against no therapy. However, the quality of evidence was very low or low for other outcomes. The included studies did not adequately report safety-related data. The overall quality of this evidence was low or very low. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of studies.
We searched for evidence on the use of early post-operative brain imaging (within 48 hours of surgery) for glioma in adults. We found one study that compared early postoperative imaging (up to 48 hours after surgery) with no early postoperatively imaging. This study included 125 people who had surgery for glooblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics in the two groups were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early brain imaging with respect to survival at one year after diagnosis of glioblastomatosis and at two years after diagnosis. No other review outcomes were reported. We did not find any evidence on whether other imaging schedules are more effective than early postoperation imaging. In addition, we found no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in gliomas seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based. The limited evidence suggesting that early post surgical brain imaging among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment may make little or little difference to survival needs to be further researched, particularly as early post operative imaging also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. Mathematical modelling of a large gliomatographic patient database could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of glooma, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other prognostic factors. In particular, paediatric gliome study designs could be used to inform future research of imaging strategies among adults with gliOM.
We included three studies randomising a total of 161 people with schizophrenia. The evidence was current to September 2014. The review found that there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine in terms of improvement in global state, but there was a similar number of people with parkinsonism at eight weeks. There were no data on the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiAPine fails to provide high-quality trial based data. However, the need to determine whether metiabine is more or less effective than chlorpromamide seems to be lacking in clinical relevance and future research on this comparison seems unlikely.
This review of trials found that the use of nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious adverse events. There was no significant difference between mesalamate and azathoprine/ 6MP for any other outcome. There were insufficient trials of inflixIMab, budesonide and tenovil to draw conclusions.
We included seven randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 785 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. Comparison 1: cognitive and coping skills programs versus twelve- step programmes (one trial, 41 participants) There was no significant difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol abstinence assessed with Substance Abuse Calendar and breathalyser at one year: risk ratio (RR) 2.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.10 to 55.06); and retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment: RR 0.89 (95%, CI 0.62 to 1.29), or for any of the secondary outcomes reported. The quality of evidence for the primary outcome was very low. Comparison 2: brief intervention versus treatment as usual (three trials, 197 participants) The quality was low for both the primary and secondary outcomes (participants' alcohol use, alcohol use at three months, and retention rate at three-month, measured by the Addiction Severity Index-alcohol score (ASI) at two months). There was also no significant differences between groups in the other primary outcome, retention in the treatment program, or for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. The evidence for retention in drug use at end-of-treatment was low. The data were not available for retention of alcohol use or retention in other outcomes. Comparison 3: motivational interviewing versus treatment only or educational intervention only (three trial, 462 participants) No significant difference was found between groups (alcohol use, scores on the Addiction Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) or the Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) at three month, or
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared quinine with placebo (a pretend drug), vitamin E, quininesulfate, or a combination of quinins and vitamin E/vitamin E/theophylline, or xylocaine injections into the stomach. We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinaine dosage was 300 mg/day. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. The evidence is current to September 2014. We did not find any new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described how the trials were carried out. Compared to placebo, quineine significantly reduced cramps over two weeks by 28%, cramps intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. Cramp duration was not significantly affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor adverse events on quinne than placebo (mainly gastrointestinal symptoms). Overdoses of quine have been reported elsewhere to cause potentially fatal adverse effects, but in the included trials there was no significant difference in major adverse events compared with placebo. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder) on quine. A quininine-vitamin combination, vitamin E alone, and xylocerein injections into gastrocnemius muscle were not significantly different to quinusulfate across all outcomes, including adverse effects. Based on a single trial comparison, quinoine alone was less effective than a quininusulfate-theophyllanine combination but with no significant differences in adverse events. Evidence from single trials suggests that theophyllines combined
We found seven trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals amongst whom 118 cross-over participants additionally served as their own controls. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps (N = 202) and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramps sufferers (N=322 including cross-overs). Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. For idiopathy (leg cramps in the night) cramps, magnesium was compared with placebo in all trials. The evidence is current to September 2014. For the review of idiopatha cramps we found that magnesium was no better than placebo in reducing the frequency of cramps and reducing the number of cramp days per week. The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group. Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found in measures of cramping intensity or cramp duration. The review of the single trial comparing magnesium to no intervention found no significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials comparing magnesium with placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the number or number of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramps. In contrast, for those experiencing pregnancy-related rest cramps the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is needed. We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramp or disease state-associated cramps for example amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease.
We searched for studies that compared a six-month home-based, combined muscle training and exercise program versus usual care in people with SMA type 3. The study included 14 ambulatory people with an average age of between 10 years to 48 years. The average age was between 48 and 60 years. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of the participants did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The trial used walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a measure of function; a minimal detectable change is 24.0 m. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in walking distance was not detectably different from the change in the usual care group. Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity, assessed by the change from start to finish in peak oxygen uptake (VO2max), was similar in the training group and the usual practice group. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT) total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). The change in MMT total score was 6.8 points in the strength training group compared to 5.14 points in usual care. The HFMSE score in the group of participants who received training was 2 points higher than in the control group. No serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018.
We found two small trials (n = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy, immobilization or hard collar immobilization in 149 patients with cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. One trial (81 patients with neck spondylectomy) found that surgery was superior to physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilized in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. One study (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelitis) found no significant differences between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. Both trials had significant risks of bias and were at significant risk of bias. It is unclear whether the short term risks of surgery are offset by long-term benefits. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and confidence in it.
This review of nine studies found that telephone consultation by different types of health care workers may reduce the number of visits to GP's and hospital emergency departments. Telephone consultation may also reduce the need for out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its effects on patient use and further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants. The evidence was current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Germany, France, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, New South Wales, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newyork, New Glasgow, New North Wales, South Wales and the UK. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for all outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared interventions to improve inhaler technique with no intervention. We included studies that looked at the effect of interventions on asthma control, quality of life, side effects, asthma medication use, asthma medications and asthma medication adherence. We found 29 studies that met our inclusion requirements. We considered most of the evidence to be low quality owing to the small number of studies and the variety of interventions and measurement methods used. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. We looked at studies that assessed the effect on asthma symptoms, asthma exacerbations, asthma attacks, unscheduled visits to a healthcare provider and absenteeism from work or school. We also looked at trials that assessed asthma medication usage, asthma symptoms and asthma control. We compared the results of interventions to change inhaler techniques. We did not find any evidence that any of the interventions had an effect on the number of people who had asthma attacks. We were able to combine results from some studies, but the studies were too different from each other to be sure that they were similar. We could only include studies that used a variety of different scales for measuring asthma control and quality of asthma medication uptake. We judged the quality of the studies to be moderate for most outcomes. We rated the quality as low for asthma attacks and asthma medications, and low for other outcomes. The studies were at low or uncertain risk of bias, which could affect the results, and we were uncertain about the results.
This review of three small trials involving 226 participants found that there was not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannitol in patients with acute stroke. The trials were too small to be able to determine whether mannitor is beneficial or harmful. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials, and the proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition did not differ significantly. The trial of ischaemic stroke did not report on death or dependency. The evidence is current to January 2013.
This review of six trials found that D-penicillamine appears to be effective in improving the disease activity of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Its efficacy appears to have a similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long term functional status and radiological progression are not clear.
We included four relevant trials. The trials were of low quality. All of them were of poor methodological quality. The results of the studies suggest that decoctions of Huangqi compounds may stimulate immunocompetent cells and decrease chemotherapy-related side effects in patients treated with chemotherapy. However, the results of these studies were limited by the methodological limitations of the included studies. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs. We need high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects of decoction of Chinese herbal medicines, particularly Astragalus spp., as in Huangqi, upon chemotherapy- related side effects.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of vitamin A and/or DHA for people with RP. We included three randomised trials that compared vitamin A with vitamin A alone, DHA with vitamin B, or vitamin A plus vitamin A versus vitamin A. The trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years. The three trials evaluated vitamin A, D HA, and vitamin A/DHA alone. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The evidence is current to January 2018. The review found no clear evidence that vitamin A or DHA can improve vision in people with retinal degeneration. No adverse effects were reported in these three trials. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any of the other trials. Based on the results of three RCTs, there is no clear benefit of treatment with vitamin C and/ or D HA for people who have retinal disease. In future RCTS, since some of the studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue. Future trials should take into account the changes observed in ERGs and other outcome measures from trials included in this study, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure adequate power to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms.
We included three randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority had inflammatory arthritis and most had had a diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis. The interventions aimed to reduce job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months (one study) to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one study). All participants were recruited through rheumaticology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. Included trials investigated job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning. We found very low quality evidence that job loss prevention interventions have an effect on job loss (two RCTs; 382 participants), work absenteement and work function (one small trial; 32 participants). We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and found there to be very low-quality evidence across all three reported outcomes. Of the two RCTS investigating job loss the larger one (n = 242 participants) reported a large statistically significant reduction in the number of job losses and the other RCT reported similar effects in both groups, although the difference was very wide. The latter one probably suffered from bias and we judged it to have a high risk. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up. The same small trial investigated work functioning using the RHEumatoid Arthritis-Work Instability Scale, a scale used to measure work functioning, found a moderate improvement of intermediate term work functioning (six months) but no adverse effects were reported. We
We searched for studies that compared the effects of giving arginine to preterm infants who were born before term to prevent NEC (any stage) or to control or prevent NEC. We found three studies that included a total of 285 preterm babies (140 received arginaine and 140 received placebo) from three countries. The evidence is current to May 2015. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC (development of NEC) among preterm neonates in the arginate group compared with the placebo group and rated the quality of evidence as moderate. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of development of the NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%) and NEC stage 2 (RR 1.13, 95%) in the ARG group compared to the control group. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the arkinine and control or no treatment groups. Mortalities due to NEC were not significantly lower in the control or the no treatment group. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. Investigators noted no significant side effects directly attributable to arginin, including hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed.
We found four trials involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. The trials showed that INCS was more effective than placebo in improving symptoms and reducing the severity of sinus inflammation. Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief. The results from the three trials included in the meta analysis showed that participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo. No significant adverse events were reported and there were no significant differences in the drop-out and re-recurrence rates between the two treatment groups. The quality of the evidence was limited for acute sin sinus infections confirmed by radiology or nasal examination. Clinicians should weigh the modest but clinically important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy.
This review of trials found that giving low doses of the antibiotic vancomycin to very low birth weight infants to prevent sepsis reduces the incidence of sepssis in the newborn. However, there was insufficient evidence to determine if this effect was maintained over time. There was insufficient information to determine whether the use of low doses prevented the development of resistant organisms.
We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the wound healing by secondary intention. We found only 14 reports of 13 randomised controlled trials on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by second intention. The evidence is up to date as of April 2013. The review found that plaster casts accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression. There were no significant differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate). There was some evidence that patients treated with gauze were less satisfied with their wound healing than those treated with alternative dressings. Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam. Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied compared with compression stockings. We concluded that foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared different methods of birth control. Four studies examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-like intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin only pills (POPs) and two of an etonogestrel implant. The evidence was current to February 2014. The trials included 1482 women. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. For breastfeeding duration two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG-iUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group but no significant difference at one year. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. One trial did not measure this. For infant growth, three trials that assessed infant growth indicated no significant differences. One showed greater weight gain in the etonogenol implant group versus no method but less in the depot medroxyprogesterone acetate group. The others studied POPs, COCs versus POPs or an LNG. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COC or POPs. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data. Five trials indicated no difference between groups in breastfeeding time (etonogestre implant insertion times, Coc versus POP, and LNG). For breast Milk volume or composition, a COC study showed a negative effects, while an implant trial showed no significant effect. Of four trials that measured infant growth (three indicated no differences between groups), one showed greater growth in the Etonogestedrel implant group but less growth in a DM
We found 10 studies that compared the effectiveness of red-light cameras in reducing total collisions, specific types of collision and red-litter violations. The studies were conducted in Australia, Singapore and the USA. The evidence is current to January 2013. The review found that red-camera use is effective in reducing the number of total collisions and red traffic crashes. However, the studies did not adjust for the effects of the camera on the number and severity of crashes. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The included studies were of short duration and did not include enough participants to detect a difference in the number or severity of collisions.
This review identified four trials involving a total of 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 4.0 by day five. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin warfarinsnigram (10 mg) for the proportion who achieved an INR by day 5. Another study showed a significant benefit with a 5-mg (5 mg) warfarinesnigrama (5mg) for outpatients with VTE. A third study, consisting of both inpatients and outpatient patients, showed no difference. No difference was observed in the number of patients who experienced major bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in the length of hospital stay. No significant difference was seen in the occurrence of recurrent venous thromboembolism at 90 days when the warfarine nomogram of 10 mg was compared with the warmarin nomogram (5. mg) of 5 mg. No differences were observed in minor bleeding at14 to 90 or in length of stay in hospital. In patients with acute thrombotic thrombinopathy (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, considerable uncertainty surrounds the use of a 5 mg or a 10 mg loading dose for initiation of warfarinemnal anticoagulant to achieve an INT of 2 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding optimal warfaren initiation nomograms.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in in hospital and at home after discharge with conventional treatment. Two of these trials compared geriatrician-led interventions in-hospital to conventional care led by the medical team. None of the trials were designed specifically to treat people with dementia, and the data included were from subgroups of people with either dementia or dementia or cognitive impairment participating in randomised controlled trials. The end of follow-up in the trials varied from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all trials to be of low or very low certainty. The certainty of evidence was very low for most outcomes. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise and the overall certainty for most results was very limited. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was only very low-certainty evidence for the other outcomes, activities of daily living and functional performance, and we were unable to draw any conclusions. There is limited evidence that some of the models of enhanced rehabilitation and care used in the included trials may show benefits over usual care for preventing delirium and reducing length of stay for people with a hip fracture who have been treated for hip fracture. The overall certainty of the evidence was low or low. The evidence was limited and the certainty of results was low.
We searched for studies that compared the use of home-based nursing services for children with acute and chronic illnesses with the use in hospital. We found seven studies with 840 participants. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and involved a variety in the types of children, interventions and outcomes. The results of the studies did not provide any evidence that home-home nursing services reduce hospital admissions or reduce the length of hospital stay. However the preliminary results show that home care may have a beneficial effect on physical health outcomes and a number of studies reported improved satisfaction with home-care. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for the families. Further research is needed to determine the effects of home care on health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 40 studies that compared ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. The evidence is current to February 2016. The studies included 7524 people with severe mental illness. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The results showed that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and may improve social functioning. It also may reduce adverse events and the number leaving the study early. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for the outcomes adverse events, social functioning, and death by suicide. The overall quality of evidence was very low to moderate for the outcome service use. The main limitations of the included studies were poor reporting of study methods and a lack of information about the types of people who were included in the studies. The review found that ICm is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with mental illness, including reducing the number and severity of hospitalisations, and improving social functioning and adverse events. However, the quality of this evidence is very low. The most important finding is that ICMs are more likely to be successful than non- ICMs in reducing the time spent in the hospital and improving the quality and quantity of care.
This review of trials found that laparoscopic box model training (in which the box is placed on a dummy model of the patient) improves technical skills compared with no training in trainees with no previous laparoscopy experience. The time taken for a laparoscope operation to complete was reduced by approximately half in the box model group compared with the control group. The quality of the trials was not high. The trials did not report on the effects of box model trainees on the patient's safety or the costs of the operation. The results of this review are threatened by the risks of systematic errors (bias) and random errors (play of chance). The quality and quantity of the evidence was low to moderate. Further well-designed trials of low risk of bias and random error are necessary. Such trials should assess the impacts of box models on surgical skills in both the short and long term, as well as clinical outcomes when the trainee becomes competent to operate on patients.
This review found two randomised trials that compared the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids versus saline in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. One trial showed that peroral corticosteroid application through the nasobiliary tube might cause severe adverse effects. The other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. Patients had higher serum levels of bilirubin after treatment with prednison compared with budesonid. No other significant effects on clinical or biochemical outcomes were reported on any of the evaluated interventions. There is no evidence to support or refute peroral use of glucocortsicostoids for patients with cholangeal primary disease. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for primary sclerosis.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in the survival and disability of patients with acute myelopause. However, the evidence is not conclusive because of the small number of trials and the small sample size. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect of early feeding on death and disability.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and used a variety different methods. The main sources of bias were from attrition and participant blinding (36% and 21% of studies respectively, high risk of bias). Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention had approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% confidence interval (CI) 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no intervention control at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) demonstrated that people who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day less than no intervention controls (moderate quality evidence), and 15 studies (3587 participants) showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention participants (moderate evidence). In 15 studies, 9791 participants drank one unit less than control participants (moderate-quality data). Only five small studies (390 participants) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital interventions to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in a research context. The results of the studies were similar in the two groups of participants. No studies showed whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. A median of nine BCT was used in experimental arms (range = 1 to 22). A median number of nine studies (range 1 to 20) used a multivariable model (where participants were assigned to a group in a random fashion) that included BCT with B > 23 in the unadjusted model, and the BCT of behaviour change, problem-solving, problem setting, and credible sources were associated in this group. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants. The studies compared benzodiazepines with placebo (a fake medication) or other active treatments. The participants were randomised to receive either benzodiazines or placebo. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that benzodazole compared to placebo, benzodizole, or another active treatment, may be better than placebo for the short-term treatment of panic disorders. The dropout rate was lower among participants treated with benzodazine than with placebo. However, the number of participants who dropped out of the studies due to side effects was higher with benzoidiazepines than with the placebo. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low for both efficacy and acceptability. The quality of evidence for the other outcomes was very low. The included studies were only short-lived and did not examine the long-term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzoduzole versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. Furthermore, the clinician's choice is not between benzodozole and placebo, but between benzoidiazines and other active treatment options, both in terms of efficacy and side effects. The choice of treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-time perspective.
We found 13 studies that recruited 1520 participants. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney deficiency syndrome. All studies were short term (one year or less) and included only people who were not at high cardiovascular risk. The studies were of variable quality. The duration and style of tai chi differed between trials. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that there was not enough evidence to be sure that tai-chi was beneficial for people at risk of developing CVD. There was some suggestion of beneficial effects of taisai on CVD risk factors but this was not consistent across all studies. Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai Chi improved quality of life at three months. None of the included studies reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There are currently no long-term trials examining taichi for the prevention of CVD, so no conclusions can be drawn as to the effectiveness of tae chi on CVC risk factors.
We found 27 studies that tested family-based interventions to prevent children and adolescents from starting to smoke. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Twenty-three studies were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based programmes provided to all participants. These two groups of studies were considered separately. The quality of the evidence was moderate for most outcomes. There was moderate quality evidence that family-related interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a control group receiving no intervention. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to control groups receiving no treatment. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. The evidence is therefore strongest for high intensity family interventions used independently of school interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Based on this moderate quality of evidence a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because we could not include data from all studies. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. The overall quality of studies was moderate.
We found three studies that compared the effects of corticosteroids on nausea and vomiting in adult cancer patients. The studies were conducted in the USA, and included a total of 451 participants. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2013, and involved a total number of 451 adult cancer participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional treatments in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexametron. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We found very low-quality evidence that corticostoids reduced nausea and nausea intensity in adult patients with cancer. However, the results were not statistically significant. The frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups, and these treatments were well tolerated. The quality of the evidence was downgraded from high to very low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies.
We included 10 studies in this review. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345 participants), four cystic fibrosis children ( 429 participants) and one each sickle cell disease (219 participants), cancer (160 participants), and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders (40 participants). The studies lasted from seven to three years. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were conducted in children with HIV infection, cystic disease, cancer, and low-birth weight neonate with underlying lung disease. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with high-risk HIV infection and cystic diseases was moderate. There was no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events with antibiotics (two studies) or in the number of children with pneumonia (one study). There was a significant decrease in the rate of pneumonia (two trials) and the number (two) of children who died (one trial) with antibiotics. There were no significant differences in the incidence of pneumonia in children who were treated with antibiotics and in children receiving chemotherapy (one small study). In children with low birthweight neonates, there was no difference in the occurrence of pneumonia. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether antibiotics prevent pneumonia in low birth weights neonates. There are no significant effects on the number or severity of other chronic lung diseases. There may be an increased risk of infection with bacteria from the same bacteria in children treated with either azithromycin or ciprofloxacin. There appears to be no evidence of increased antibiotic resistance. There appeared to be little or no difference between children treated and those not treated with antibiotic prophylaxis. There seems to be a lack of evidence about the effect of antibiotics on growth in children. There appear to be few studies assessing the effect on quality of life. There does not appear to have been any evidence of an increase in antibiotic resistance in children in the same age group.
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 519 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxide (100 participants) or carbon dioxide (96 participants). None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants), or surgical complications (very low quality of evidence), or on surgical morbidity (verylow quality of the evidence). There were no serious adverse events related to either nitrous or carbon oxide pneumoperitoneum (three studies; 196 participants). We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) with nitrous (or both) and carbon (or neither) on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low-quality evidence. Four trials randomising participants to helium (three trials; 69 participants) and carotid (five trials; 75 participants) compared with carbon dioxide. One trial randomised people to room air (70 participants) (70 people) or to carbon dioxide pneumoperitonum (76 people). The trial was at unclear risk of biased. There were insufficient evidence for any of the outcomes. There is no evidence to show that room air pneumoperittalum reduces hospital costs or reduces pain during the first day after surgery. The safety of nitric oxide, helium, and room air is yet to be established. The quality of this evidence is very low. The effects of the use of nitroglycerin and helium for establishing pneumoperititoneum compared with standard pressure pneumoperiteum are uncertain. Evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that room-air pneumoperiniteum may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery. Further trials on
This review identified 14 studies investigating the effects of different doses of corticosteroids in preterm infants. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies compared a high versus a moderate dose of cortice; and five studies compared the dose of dexamethasone given to infants at different times of the day. Analysis of the studies investigating a moderate dexametasone dose versus a high-dosage regimen showed an increased risk of BPD (typical risk ratio (RR) 1.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1 to 2.22; typical risk difference (RD) 0.26, 95/CI 0.03 to 0.49; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 4, 95- CI 1.9 to 23.3; I² = 0%, 2 studies, 55 infants) as well as an increased neurodevelopmental outcome (typically RR 8.33, 95%, CI 1 to 42.48; NNTH 4, 0.30, 95+ CI 0.14 to 0). The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ corticostoids and lack of long-term neurodevelopment data in most studies. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher-dosages of cortics on the incidence of B PD and neurodevelopment, recommendations on the optimal type of corticity, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation for the prevention of BDP in pre term infants cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large randomised controlled trial is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal cortic steroid dosage regimen.
This review of trials found that the evidence is current to January 2013. Eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people were included in the review. The trials compared several steroid drugs (corticosteroids, cortisone, hydrocortisone and dexamethasone) with aspirin, placebo or no treatment. The evidence is up to date to January 2014. The review found that there was no evidence that any of the steroids reduced the risk of heart disease in patients with acute rheumatic fever. However, the trials were old and the risk was substantial. The results should be viewed with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. New trials are warranted to assess the effects of corticosteroid drugs such as oral prednisone and intravenous methylprednisolone and the effects on other new anti-inflammatory agents. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find this to be effective in reducing trachomiasis. One study found that another fly control, latrine provision, reduced trachomas by 29.5% compared to not intervention; this was, however, not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed by a more recent study. Another study revealed that health education reduced the incidence of trachum. These findings were not confirmed by the second study, however. Another trial found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce trachome. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in the control of trchoma, however this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides. Two trials on latrine provides as a control measure have not demonstrated significant trachomalacia reduction. Health education had shown significant reduction of trctoma in one study but another study found similar findings. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the management of tratchoma.
This review of fifteen studies (with 1043 participants) found that CBT is effective in reducing fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective in reduction of fatigue symptoms compared with other psychological therapies. However, the evidence base at follow-up is limited and the results of the studies were inconsistent. There was a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, so further studies are needed to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with chronic fatigue syndrome. The evidence base is limited to a small number of studies with inconsistent findings.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared vitamin D supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) in people with sickle cell disease. The study was conducted in the USA and involved 46 people with HbSS, HbSC, HBSβ+thal and HbSβ0thal. The participants were randomised to receive vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo for six weeks and were followed up to six months. The vitamin D group had significantly higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. The quality of the evidence was low for the vitamin D levels. The group receiving vitamin D had a lower health-related quality of life score than the placebo group but this was not significant at eight or 16 weeks. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, but again the quality of evidence was very low. The frequency of pain was reduced in the vitamin group but again, the quality was low. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin and placebo groups, but the quality and quantity of evidence were low. We considered the quality to be low for all outcomes. The evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplements (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines) and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D (eg. from the USA Institute of Medicine). Evidence of vitamin D in sickle cells is needed.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found only one study that recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) (a speech and language therapy). The study was conducted in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. The study compared the two interventions in a total of 26 children. The evidence is current to January 2017. The results of the study showed that, when delivered intensively, both NDP-3 and ReST may improve word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and the accuracy in connected speech. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP- 3 for accuracy of speech production on non-treatment words, and for accuracy in speech production of at least three word combinations. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were that only one small study was identified, and that the results were imprecise. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-2 and Re ST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children aged four to 12 with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Further studies are needed to strengthen the evidence base.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of antibiotic treatment to placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment in people with toxoplasma retinochoroiditis. We found four studies that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to poor reporting. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment against placebo. One of these studies was conducted in the US in adults and involved pyrimethamine-sulphapyrimidine for eight weeks. The fourth study was conducted at the same time in Brazil and involved trimethopsin-s Sulphamethoxazole for 12 months. The last study involved all participants with active retinochirotitis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomisation to trimethioprim-chloride versus placebo. The study in Brazil reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. The results of the studies showed that people treated with antibiotic treatment had better visual acuteity at one year compared with people treated without antibiotics. There was no evidence that this treatment led to better vision. There were no differences in the risk of developing a new eye infection. The UK study of pyrimetic for four weeks reported an improvement in intraocular inflammation in treated participants compared with control participants. The US study of a pyrimite-trisulfapyrimid for eight week showed that intraocularitis had almost completely resolved by eight weeks in all participants, however in this study all participants received steroid treatment. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated people. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. There is currently no good evidence that antibiotic treatment leads to better visual outcomes.
We included 43 trials involving 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test. The sliding hip screws were associated with more fracture fixation complications than the fixed nail plates. Results for post-operative complications and mortality were similar in both groups. Three trials with 394 participants showed no difference in fracture fixation complication, reoperation, wound infection and length of stay in hospital between the proximal femoral nail and the sliding thigh nail. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) comparing nail versus external nail versus non-invasive extrametric hip screw comparisons for non-functional fractures provided enough evidence to determine definite differences. Two trials (65 participants) found intrameducary nails were associated to be less likely to have complications than fixed nail plate for unstable fractures at the level of the lesser trochanters. Two other trials (124 participants) showed a tendency to less fracture healing complications with the intrameudial nails compared with fixed nails for subtrochanteral fractures. With its lower complication rate in comparison with intrames, and absence of functional outcome data to the contrary, the SHS appears superior for trokanteric fracture fractures. Further studies are required to confirm whether more recently developed designs of intramayedullary nail avoid the complications of previous nails. Intramedulary nails may have advantages over fixed angle plates for some unstable trochantic fractures, but further studies are needed.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of surgery or medical management for bowel obstruction in women with ovarian cancer. We found only one trial that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who received surgery or a combination of surgery and medical management with the drug, Octreotide, and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. The trial found that women who had surgery were significantly better than women who were given medical management, but this result was not consistent across trials. Quality of life (QoL) was not reported and side effects were incompletely documented. We were unable to identify any sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. We concluded that there is only low quality evidence comparing the two forms of treatment for bowel blockage in women. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two treatments, or to identify sub- groups of women that may benefit from either one treatment.
This review of four trials found that statins improved lipid profiles and testosterone levels in women with PCOS but there was no evidence that they improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate or hirsutism. There was also no evidence of any benefit in terms of hirsutsism or acne. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides but had no significant effect on high-density lipid (HDL) levels, high sensitivity (HS) C-reactive protein (HS-CRP) or fasting insulin resistance. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed randomised controlled trials to assess clinical outcomes.
We searched for studies of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer up to July 2013. We found no new studies. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, radiotherapy techniques or radiotherapy. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy in women who have advanced cervical cancer. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources. Thus, this systematic review identified the need for a randomised controlled trial assessing the benefits and risks of pablative treatments in women diagnosed with advanced cervical cancers.
This review of trials found that, compared to radiotherapy alone, temozolamide improves survival and delays progression of tumours without affecting quality of life. However, it does increase early side effects. In the elderly, temozolomide alone appears comparable to radi therapy in terms of survival and progression-free survival but with a higher instance of side effects in the elderly. In recurrent glioblastoma multiforme, temozoomide improves time-to-progression (TTP) and may have benefits on quality of living without increasing side effects but it does not improve overall. In patients with recurrent glomerular gynaecological gliomas, temzoomide appears comparable with radiotherapy in terms overall survival and PFS but with more side effects than radiotherapy.
We found two studies that investigated interventions to improve the performance of district health systems managers. One study conducted in Cambodia found that contracting-in may improve health care access and utilization. The other study found that intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers’ performance. Both studies were conducted in Latin America. The findings of one study provide low quality evidence that private contracts for district health care services may improve access to health care. The study found no studies that aimed to investigate interventions to keep district health workers in place. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs) as well as training district health health systems manager (e-g., in-service workshops with on-site support) have not been investigated. More evidence is required before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved a total of 123 people. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. There was no description of concealment of the randomization sequence in two studies. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two of the studies. There were no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of intensive care unit stay. Duration of mechanical support, length of stay in the intensive care department, and hospital stay were measured in the three studies. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. There is some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, heart deformity and tracheastomy, and duration of intensive-care unit stay, and the length of ICU stay. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We included 50 trials (19 randomized controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) in this review. The trials included 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied cerivastatin effects in a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. We found that cerivastsin was about 250-fold more potent than fluvastatin, 20-fold stronger than atorvastin and 5.5-fold better than rosuvastat in reducing LDL cholesterol, and 233-fold greater potency than fluviaastatin. The effect of cerivastaatin on total cholesterol, total cholesterol and triglycerides was linear over the commonly prescribed dose range. There was no evidence of a difference between the effects of cervastins on HDL cholesterol, but overall cerivasastatin increased HDL cholesterol by 5%. The quality of the evidence was high for the effects on LDL cholesterol and total cholesterol. The quality was low for the effect on triglycerides. The evidence was also low for other lipid measurements. The risk of adverse effects was not different between cerivstatin and placebo in 11 of the 19 short-term trials. The certainty of evidence for the results of this review was high.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The evidence was current to May 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation did not reduce the risk of kidney injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery. It probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving remote iscaemic precontitioning. It is uncertain whether remote ischchaemic pre-operative preconditionsing by iliac cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote ischemic preconditional precondititioning in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in the acute phase of surgery in which the kidneys are damaged. The quality of the included studies was moderate to high. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of patients.
We included 12 trials with 703 participants. Eight trials (888 participants), including people with stroke, primarily investigated the efficacy of interventions to treat PSF. Six trials (244 participants) investigated interventions to prevent PSF, of which six trials (eight trials) provided data suitable to be included in a meta-analysis. The trials investigated five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-pharmacological interventions, a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme. The fatigue severity was lower in people who received these interventions than in those who did not. The results of the trials were not consistent. Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing fatigue, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy and safety of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after stroke, and some of the interventions described were feasible in people with acute stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in larger studies with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We found three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 preterm infants. The trials were very small with only a total of 74 pre term infants enrolled. The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials (Malone 1991 and Hu 1999). One study (Malones 1991) showed that the combination insulin and glucose inhalation reduced the risk of death from any cause by a mean of 0.18 (95% CI 0.03 to 1.15) and the risk from any other cause by 1.66 (95%). In the study of Hu (Hu 1999), the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage was significantly reduced (RR 0.30 (95%) (95%), but the difference was not statistically significant (RR -0.35 (95%, CI -0). The combination of insulin and glucocorticoids inhalation was found to be superior to treatment with rectal cation-resin for hyperkalaemia in preterm babies. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of the insulin and sugar inhalation or the albuterol inhalation. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions for non-oliguric hyperkalemia (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested in randomised trials. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This review found that IVIG started within two weeks of onset of disease hastens recovery compared with supportive treatment alone. There were also no significant differences in the other measures considered. The evidence is current to September 2013. There was no evidence that IVIs was more effective than PE in children. There is moderate quality evidence that, in severe disease, IVIg started within a few weeks of the onset of the disease hastened recovery as much as PE. There are no adequate comparisons of IVIGs with placebo in adults, but this review provides moderate quality information that IV is probably faster than PE. Also, IVIs are significantly more likely to be completed than PE, but IVIgs are not significantly more frequent. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials with a total of 9330 participants. In 21 trials, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a higher fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high fraction of inspiration oxygen was not associated with death from any cause. Similarly, when all trials were included, a higher percentage of inspired air was not linked to death from all causes. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. Similarly in trials with longer follow-up, a large fraction of the participants was not related to death. In nine trials, a combination of high and routine oxygen was associated with a decrease in surgical site infections. In five trials, participants were blinded to the oxygen they received. We did not observe an effect of a high percentage of oxygen on surgical site infection in any other subgroup analyses. As the risk of adverse events, including death, may be increased by a fraction of 60% or higher, and as robust evidence is lacking for a beneficial effect of 60%, we conclude that evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of a higher proportion of inspired breath during anaesthesia and surgery. Given the risk to bias in the included trials, the risk for attrition and outcome reporting bias, as well as other weaknesses in the available evidence, further randomized clinical studies with low risk and long-term follow-ups are warranted.
We searched for evidence on 25 trials (3663 children) comparing oral antibiotics with placebo (a dummy treatment) or no treatment in children up to 16 years of age with OME. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that oral antibiotics are associated with an increased chance of complete resolution of OME at various time points, but also with more side effects such as diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash. There is no evidence that oral antibiotic treatment is associated with a decrease in the need for ventilation tube insertion. There was no evidence of an effect on short-term hearing. There were no data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics had an effect in improving other important outcomes such as speech, speech, Language and Language Development, cognitive development, or quality-of-life. We assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for the primary outcome of complete OME resolution at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) and low for the secondary outcome of Ome resolution at any time point. We also found evidence that children treated with oral antibiotics were more likely to experience diarrhoeas, vomiting or skin rash than those who received placebo. We rated the quality as low for both outcomes. We considered the quality and quantity of evidence to range from low to very low. The main limitation of the review was that we could not combine the results of different studies, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are likely to be similar.
We found twelve studies that compared protein restriction with no protein restriction in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The results showed that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression of kidney failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. Further longer-term research on large representative groups of patients with both type 1 or type 2 diabetic mellitus is necessary. Because of the variability in the level and frequency of protein restriction amongst patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restricting in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality, and seven were of lower quality. The evidence was current to September 2014. The review found that people with moderate to severe brain injury who were already in rehabilitation were more likely to recover from their injury when they received formal treatment, and that commencing rehabilitation early after injury was supported by strong evidence. For people with mild brain injury, who were admitted to hospital with mild injury, those with moderate- to severe-type brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate or severe brain injuries benefit from routine follow- up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Intensive rehabilitation appears to lead to earlier recovery, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness of intensive rehabilitation has yet to be determined. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment where they are compared to a group of individuals who are also facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychology rehabilitation following severe brain damage. Not all questions in rehabilitation can either be answered by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies conducted in the contexts of routine clinical practice.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) that compared rooming-in versus separate care. The trial compared roomed-in care with separate care and compared the number of infants that received exclusive breastfeeding on the day after birth (the first day after the baby is born) with the number that received any breastfeeding at six months of age. The study was conducted in the USA and involved women who were breastfeeding their babies at home. The women were followed up for between one and six months. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in versus separate treatment for mother-infant separation. The quality of the evidence was low. The main outcomes were duration of any breastfeeding, frequency of breastfeeds per day, and the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding. The difference between the two groups was not significant. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was higher in the rooming group (86% versus 45%) compared with the separate care group (17% versus 17%). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. We found no difference found between the groups in the proportion that received either full mother-in or partial mother-child separation. We concluded that there is no evidence that rooming is better than separate care for mother and baby separation. Further well-designed randomised trials are needed to investigate full mother and infant rooming and separate care including all important outcomes.
This review of trials found that sanchi may be beneficial and safe for acute stroke, but the small sample and inferior quality of studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed trials are required.
This review of trials found that the timing of implant placement was not clearly different between the two groups. There is a suggestion that immediate implant placement may be at higher risk of implant failures and complications than delayed implant placement but on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants in fresh teeth just after teeth extraction. There was no evidence to support or refute the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets. There were few trials and they were often judged as being at high risk of bias.
We found two trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for analysis. The second trial compared PBT2 with placebo (a dummy drug) in 78 participants with mild dementia. The results of the two trials were not consistent. There was no significant difference in cognition between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. The difference in the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognition (ADAS-Cog) was 7.37 points on a 0 to 20-point scale at weeks 24 and 36. The ADAS-cog scores were 7.36 and 6.36 points on 0 to 12 weeks, respectively. There were no significant differences in the neuropsychological test Battery (NTB) composite or memory between placebo and PBT1 in the least squares mean change from baseline at week 12. However, two executive function component tests of the NTB showed significant improvement over placebo in the PBT 2 250 mg group from baseline to week 12: category fluency test (2.8 words, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.1 to 5.4; P = 0.041) and trail making part B (-48.0 s, 95%) on a scale of 0 to 13.0. In the executive factor Z score, the difference in least squares average change from the start of the trial was 0·27 (0·01 to 0·53; p=0·042). There was not enough evidence to show whether cliocinol (BPT1) has any clinical benefit for patients with AD, or whether the drug is safe. The planned phase III trial of PBT has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development. The trial of PBT2 was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe
We included 36 studies with 2,999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 PAH. PAH participants treated with PDE inhibitors were more likely to improve their WHO functional class (i.e. the ability to walk at a normal distance) and were 22% less likely to die over a mean duration of 14 weeks (high-certainty evidence). The number needed to treat to prevent one additional death was 32 participants. There was an increased risk of adverse events with PTE5 inhibitors, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and muscle pain. There were limited trials comparing PDE inhibitor treatment directly with other PAH-specific therapy (endothelin receptor antagonists (ERAs)). Those on PDE- inhibitors walked 49 metres further than on ERAs (low-certainties evidence). There was no evidence of a difference in WHO functional classes or mortality across both treatments. Five trials compared PDE to placebo in PH secondary to left-heart disease (PH-LHD). The quality of data were low due to imprecision and inconsistency across trials. In those with PH-L HD there were reduced odds of an improvement in WHO function class using PDE, and those using PTE walked 34 metres further compared to placebo (low certainty evidence). No evidence of an effect on mortality was found. Five studies compared PTE to placebo for PH secondary-to-hypoxia. The quality was low due the small number of included trials. There is some evidence that PDE may improve lung function in PH-left-heart patients, but it is not clear whether this is a clinically relevant outcome. There are no clear benefits for PH-right-heart diseases. There may be some benefit for the use of
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injections of local anaesthesia for axillary plexus block. The results showed that nerve stimulation was more effective than single injections for axilated plexuses. The time taken for the nerve to relax was shorter for single injections and double injections, but there was no difference in the time taken to be ready for surgery. The number of patients who experienced tourniquet pain was reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections. There was no evidence that nerve stimulators were more effective in reducing the number of people who experienced pain during the procedure. The quality of the evidence was high for the reduction in the number who experienced anaesthesia failure and the number that experienced tennant pain. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the comparison of single versus double injections and high for other outcomes. The main limitations of the included trials were that the trials were generally of poor quality.
We found three studies that compared the growth of children with asthma who received beclometric steroids with children who received placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. All three studies used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. The average decrease in growth was 1.54 cm per year (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.15, -1%). In children with moderate asthma, beclometry 200 mcG twice daily caused a decrease in linear growth of 1.55 cm per child. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in the growth rate is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. If inhaled corticosteroids are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's symptoms and closely following growth.
This review of three trials (139 patients) found that APD has not been shown to have significant advantages over CAPD in terms of important clinical outcomes. APD may however be advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education due to its psychosocial advantages. There is a need for a randomised controlled trial comparing CAPD with APD with sufficiently large patient numbers looking at important clinical outcome including residual renal function, and cost effectiveness.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS), time to progression/relapse (PFS), and progression-free survival (SM) in advanced stages of HD. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) separately.  CRT seems to be optimal for most early stage (I-II) patients. For advanced stages, CRT better prevents progression/reaction but CT alone seems to cause less SM.  Data were insufficient to compare RT to CT.  RT alone gives a higher overall risk of SM than CRT due to increased need to salvage therapy.  EF-RT was superior in terms PFS but not OS. No significant differences in SM were observed. Reduced SM risk after RT instead of EF-RRT could not be demonstrated. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuation, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as 'k'] = 12, n = 3040), transdermally (k = 5, n > 1628), or intrathecally, (k= 10, n < 231). The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI): 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [ 95% CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%]; intrathecal: 8.9%, [95%) to 10.9%). Many participants stopped taking opioids because of side effects (e.g. nausea and headache) or insufficient pain relief (oral 10.3%, [ 95%) to 13.9%), intratheculus (k: 7.6% [96% CI): 3.7% to 14.8%, transdermatic: 5.8%) to 5.9%. Many patients stopped taking long-lasting opioids because they experienced side effects, but the evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids long-time experience clinically significant pain relief. Whether quality of life or functioning improves is inconclusive. Findings regarding quality of the patients' quality oflife and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermic and intrathecular studies. Many patients discontinue long-duration opioid therapy (especially oral opioids) due to side effects or insufficient relief; however, weak evidence suggests weak evidence that patients can continue opioids for long- term. Many minor side effects occurred, but serious side effects including opioid addiction were
We searched for evidence on the effects of anabolic steroids on the healing of pressure ulcers in adults. We found only one trial that compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium Stearate) and reported data on complete healing and adverse events. The trial was stopped early when the results showed that oxandolone had no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing. We are uncertain whether oxandolinone improves or reduces the complete healing of ulcers, as we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. There was very low-certainty evidence on complete ulcer and adverse event healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (downgraded twice for quality of life due to imprecision and indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spinal cord injury patients). Thus, we are uncertain about the effect of oxandrinone on complete wound healing. There were no serious adverse events reported in participants receiving oxandroleone compared with placebo. There may be some risk of non-serious adverse events in participants treated with oxandroone compared to placebo. We assessed the quality of the included trial as very poor. The certainty of evidence was downgraded due to the small number of participants and the small size of the trial. We judged the certainty as very uncertain. We do not know whether oxanolololone increases or decreases the risk for serious adverse effects. We also do not have information on pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of a different type of infection, cost of treatment and the quality and safety of life of participants. Overall, the certainty in the evidence was very poor and we are unable to draw any conclusions about the use anabolic steroid in treating pressure ulcer. Further large, well-designed, multicenter trials are needed to assess the effect on the complete and partial
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email to usual care. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail. For both comparisons (email versus standard mail, email versus usual care and email versus care) there was a lack of evidence for patient or caregiver understanding and support. Results were inconclusive for patient and caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus other forms of communication, there were no significant differences between groups for patient health status and well-being. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included trials were generally of poor quality. The results of this review are therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
This review includes 11 trials involving a total of 855 participants. Nine trials used the addition of postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no difference in the results for vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. Pooling data identified a significant difference from the addition postural restriction in the frequency of Dix-Hallpike test conversion when compared to the Eley manoeuvres alone. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients versus 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a positive to a negative Dix Hallpike Test (risk ratio (RR) 1.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1 to 1.22, P = 0.002). No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine application of mastoid oscillation during the E pley manoeuvr during the manoeuvre, or of additional steps in an 'augmented' EpleY manoeuvre (where extra steps are added to the manoeuvres). Neither treatment is associated with adverse outcomes. There were no reports of any serious adverse events. The addition of the postural restrictor does not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised. Specific patients who experience discomfort due to wearing a cervical collar and inconvenience in sleeping upright may be treated with the Ecley manoeuve alone and still expect to be cured in most instances.
We found four studies that compared the effectiveness of different types of surgery versus medical treatment in adults with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. The studies compared different types and doses and doses of steroids and antibiotics. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there were no differences between the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies. There were no important differences between groups in terms of patient-reported symptom scores and quality of life scores. There was no difference between groups for any objective measurements or olfactory tests. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The overall evidence is of very low quality. The main limitations of the studies were poor reporting of study methods, and the small number of participants in each study.
We included eight trials (709 participants) in this review. Seven trials were from Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (compared with 1), and four compared zinc-Fortified staple Foods in combination with other nutrients/other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc (comparing with 2). The interventions lasted between one and nine months. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that foods fortified with zinc increased the serum or plasma zinc levels compared to foods without added zinc. However, participants consuming foods fortified in combination of zinc and other nutrients had similar risk of underweight and stunting (low-quality evidence). A single trial of adding zinc to iron in wheat flour did not find a reduction in proportion of zinc deficiency. We did not found a difference in serum or blood zinc levels in participants consuming the same food with zinc plus other nutrients but no added zinc (4 studies; 250 participants). No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We considered most trials as having unclear or high risk of bias for randomisation, but low risk of biased for blinding and attrition. We rated the quality of evidence as low for the outcomes of zinc levels and low for other outcomes.
We searched for evidence on 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that men with advanced prostate cancer treated with non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy were less likely to live for longer than those who received medical or surgical castration alone. The risk of dying from prostate cancer was increased by about one-third when non-stimulant antiandrogens were used compared with castration. The use of non-sertraline antiandrogens also increased the risk of treatment discontinuation due to side effects, including breast pain, gynaecomastia (a condition in which the lining of the womb is affected by cancer), fatigue, loss of sexual interest and urinary frequency. The quality of evidence was moderate for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure. The effect of nonsteroidal drugs on cancer-specific survival and biochemical progression was unclear. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution because the quality of the evidence is limited and the number of studies is small. Further research is likely to have an important impact on results for patients with advanced but non-metastatic prostate cancers treated with antiandrous drugs. However, we believe that research is unlikely to be necessary on non-estrogen antiandrodrogens for men with this group of men.
We searched for randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared screening with not screening for breast cancer in women over the age of 40 years. We found eight eligible trials. We excluded a trial because the randomisation had failed to produce comparable groups. The trials included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction. The overall risk of death from any cause was reduced by 15% in the screened groups. We did not find an effect of screening on total cancer mortality or on all-cause mortality after 13 years, but we found that breast cancer deaths was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The four trials with inadequate randomisation found a significant decrease in breast mortality. The evidence for all seven trials combined was 0.81 (95% CI 0.74 to 0.87). We found that the risk of breast cancer death was an uncertain result. The risk of cancer recurrence was higher in the women who were screened. The number of lumpectomies and mastectomies were higher in women who had screened. Radiotherapy was similarly increased in the groups. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer incidence by 15%, and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women in the review. One study did not report outcomes per woman randomised and so was not included in formal analysis. Three studies investigated 10,000 units hCG priming versus no priming. One of these studies did not provide enough data to allow us to combine the results of the studies. One trial compared 20,000 unit hCG versus 10,,000 Unit priming, and the other two trials compared 10 and 20,500 Unit primings. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found no conclusive evidence that hCG had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCP priming may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of hCG and the best dose and timing of priming in IVMs. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision.
This review of 24 trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent dementia in older postmenopausal women. There is no evidence that either ERT or HRT prevent cognitive decline in older women. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT have specific effects on subgroups of women, although there was some evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of memory. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether subgroups (such as those using specific types or doses of hormone therapy) using specific methods of hormone treatment were more likely to benefit from treatment. It remains unclear whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen, type of hormone with or with a progesterone) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be studied in more detail. Large trials currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these uncertainties by the year 2010. In the meantime, based on the available evidence, ERT cannot be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or maintenance in older older women without cognitive impairment.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. Both trials compared the same combination of inhaled ICS and LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) with LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, which means that they are considered to be at low risk of bias. We found no difference between the two inhalers for the following outcomes: death, COPD exacerbation (requiring short-burst (short-burst oral corticosteroids or antibiotics) or both; pneumonia (pneumonia occurring in one or more of the lungs at the time of treatment); hospital admissions (all-cause) and adverse events; disease-specific adverse events, weekly rescue medication use, and weekly percentage of days without rescue medication for FF/Vi. We also found no differences between the inhalers in terms of improvement in symptoms measured by the COPD Assessment Test (CAT score) nor for change in the mean amount of airway open at the end of 24-hour treatment. We are uncertain whether ICS/LABA, combined with LAMA, has a different efficacy or adverse effect profile compared to LAMA for treatment of people with COPD. The short follow-up period and the low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result. Further trials of longer duration are needed.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effectiveness of antidepressants (two pharmacotherapy trials) and psychotherapy (three psychotherapy trials). The results of these studies suggest that antidepressants (including fluoxetine, clomipamine, desipramine, and fluoxipamide) and CBT may be useful treatments for patients with BDD. However, the findings of these trials need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available.
This review identified three randomised trials that examined cotrimoxazole pro-phylaxis in adults with HIV. The trials compared cotroxazoles with cotraceroside rechallenge for prophylactic treatment of opportunistic infections. The review found that cotriaxone desensitization resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV-infected patients with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to cotricoside. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Further randomised controlled trials are urgently needed.
We included three trials enrolling a total of 148 newborns. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The duration of the studies was between five days and 28 days. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to February 2015. We found no new trials for this update. The three trials enrolled 148 newborn infants. The babies were monitored for between one and 28 weeks. The average age of the babies was about 28 days and the average duration of hospital stay was between one day and five days. All three trials were funded by the manufacturer of the drug midazolam. The drugs were given by intravenous infusion. The infants were monitored during the study period. The results of the trials suggest that midazolinam is effective in reducing the pain of the newborn during the first few days after birth. However, the trials did not use the same scales to assess the effect of midazolanam in preterm infants. We could not determine whether midazanolam is safe in this population. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The included trials were of moderate quality. The main limitations of the included trials are that the number of infants included in the trials was small and the number and duration of studies were not similar.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. The evidence is current to August 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The duration of the trials ranged from one to 12 weeks. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. No differences were detected between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for the presence of diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment. No difference was detected for the occurrence of diarrhoeala at five to seven days after the start of treatment, clinical failure, or duration of illness. The average difference for diarrhoeas was 0 days, fever was 0.27 days, and duration of hospitalisation was 0 day. The number of negative stool cultures for NTS was higher in the antibiotic group. Antibiotics given to people with NTS resulted in a significantly higher number of adverse events. The most common adverse events were mild to moderate side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in this review. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, type of infection, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection. The participants were heterogenous in terms as to the age of the participants, the type of sepsi, the setting, the sepsitis severity, and the type and severity of the infection. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the test domain in QUADAS-2. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of septic shock with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients under suspected sepsism would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have sepssis. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed of septicaemia. The conclusions of the study will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of this review once they are fully evaluated and published.
We included 29 randomised controlled studies (5718 participants) in this review. Four studies compared wound dressings with no wound dressing, and 25 studies compared alternative types of wound dressing. The studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. There were 16 studies that included people with wounds that had been treated with a 'clean' classification, five studies that compared different types of dressing, five that compared what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery, and the remaining studies including people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures with different contamination classes. The review found that it is uncertain whether wound exposure or any dressing reduces or increases the risk of SSIs compared with alternative options investigated. The quality of the evidence was very low for most comparisons, with downgrading of the certainty of the results due to risk of bias and imprecision. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysis of data below: - film dressings compared with basic wound contact dressings following clean surgery (low certainty evidence). - hydrocolloid dressings (low confidence in the results) compared with simple basic wound dressers following clean operations. - hydric oxide-containing dressings, silver-containing and silver- containing dressings versus basic wound contacts following potentially contaminated surgery (very low certainty evidence) - hydroxolloid and silver dressings combined compared with plain basic wound touch dressings after clean surgery. - silver-and-film dressings and silver contact dressers compared with silver contact dressing following potentially infected surgery (high certainty evidence), and silver touch dressers respectively (very uncertain evidence). There was limited and low certainty of evidence on other outcomes such as scarring, acceptability of the dressing and ease of removal. It is uncertain that covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention with wound dressing reduces the risk for SSI, or whether covering surgical wound dressations reduces the number of SSIS. It was uncertain whether any particular wound dressing
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared supplements or placebo with placebo. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial included 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. The other trial compared docosahexananoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid with placebo and included 126 women at risk of postpartum depression. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo arm) were included in the analysis, while those who were lost to follow up were not. The study found selenarium had an effect on EPDS scores but did not find a difference in the effect on postnatal depression. No difference was found in the effects of EPA or DHA on postpartu depression. There was no evidence to support the use of EPA-rich fish oil or DDA-rich supplements in the prevention of postnatal postpartun depression. We found no evidence that EPA or EPA-containing fish oil supplements prevent postnatal depressive disorder. There were no other trials that evaluated supplements or other dietary interventions for preventing postnatal anxiety or depression.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of different doses of anthracycline in adults with solid tumours. We found seven studies that evaluated different doses, and we identified 4 studies that assessed different peak doses. We identified that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of heart failure, and it seems to reduce the risk for subclinical heart damage. We could not identify any difference in the occurrence of heart attacks in participants treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or 60 mg or more. We did find that there was no difference in heart failure in participants who received a dooxorubin peakdose of less or more than 60 or more mg/M2. We cannot make any conclusions about the occurrence or side effects of cardiotoxicity. We need more high-quality research in children and adults with leukaemias and solid tumour.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Most studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most of the studies were conducted in hospital and included participants who had had a brain injury. The duration of treatment ranged from three to 24 hours. The studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. We found no high-quality evidence that hypothermia is beneficial in the treatment of people with TIA. We considered duration of hypothermic therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform meta-analysis. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for mortality and unfavourable outcome to very low. We also downgraded evidence for pneumonia to low. The quality of evidence for the pneumonia outcome was very low because of differences in the design of the included studies. We judged the quality to be low for all outcomes. The included studies were of poor quality and the results may be explained by differences in design and methods.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of family therapy in the treatment of depression. There is a need for more high quality research to examine the effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of different forms of family therapies.
This review identified three trials involving a total of 206 participants with vascular dementia. All participants were adults with dementia. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that Duxil improved cognitive function in patients with dementia, but there was no evidence that it improved behaviour or quality of life. There was no information on the effects of Duxils on the number of people who died. There were no data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up. There is no evidence to support the routine use of Doxil for the treatment of patients with vascular disease. The quality of the included trials was low. The included trials were small and of poor methodological quality.
This review of trials found that people who had drains inserted after lymphadenectomy had fewer post-operative seroma aspirations and were less prone to developing a seroma. However, drains may also increase the length of hospital stay. There were no significant differences in the incidence of lympho-edema (a swelling of the lymph nodes) or haematoma (a blood clot) between those who had a drain and those who received no drain. There was no significant difference in infection rates between those with drains and those without drains. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drains following axillary lymphaden surgery reduces the risk of developing a post-operatively-formed seroma and reduces the number of post-operation seroma aspiration aspirations. These benefits should be balanced against the increased length of time spent in hospital.
This review of trials found that the evidence for the association between flavonoids and the risk of colorectal cancer was conflicting. There was no evidence that total flavonoid intake reduced the risk for coloreCTal neomas. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence regarding flavo-nutrients and the prevention of colorctal neoplasms. Therefore, more evidence is needed to clarify the association of flavonoidal intake with colorestal cancer. The evidence was of medium quality. The results of the studies assessing the association with colorocurrence of colorescous colorectional neomontomas were contradictory. There were no clear conclusions on the association for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from two studies suggested that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols reduced the incidence of coloredecal cancer and colorerectal adenomas. A statistically significant reduced risk of colon cancer was found with high intake of epicatechin. There may be some evidence to support the use of procyanidin and phytoestrogen in the prevention and treatment of colurinosis. There are no clear results on the associations between high anthocyanin intake and colororectally advanced colorecolorectals. There appears to be no evidence to suggest that high antho-anticoagulant intake has an inverse association with colon cancer.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of the slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, we found evidence that extending the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the number of patients who had a sustained virological response (i) by 71.7% versus 52.8% and ii) by 265.1% versus 207.7%. The number of participants who had been treated for 72 weeks was lower in the groups that had been given both definitions. The number needed to treat nine patients to achieve a sustained response was lower (27.1%) versus 46.5% in the group that had received 72 weeks of treatment. The length of treatment did not affect the number who were able to maintain their usual treatment status. In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups. The observed effects can be due to both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance). There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the policy of extending the time to which patients are treated for slow responders.
We found two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability of pancreatic cancer after CT scan. Both studies were conducted in the USA. The studies were of low risk of bias. The average age of participants was 55 years and the average duration of follow-up was six months. The mean number of patients in the studies was between 20 and 60 years. The two studies were funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The studies included 34 participants. The results of the studies were inconclusive. The EUS test was not accurate in detecting the presence of cancer in 61 out of 100 patients who had cancer that was not resectable after CT scans. The sensitivity of EUs was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97) and specificity of EU was 0%. The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 (95. CI 1.0 to 18.6) and 0.2 (95 CI 0.0 and 0). The average number of people with cancer that had not been surgically removed after CT scanning was 86.9% (95%) and 20% (CI 5% to 53%) of people had cancer not being surgically repaired after CT. The post-test probability of unresectable disease was 20.0% (5.1% to 52.7%) for people with a positive EUS (EUS indicating resectation) and 86.0%, and 86% ( CI 5% or 53%) for those with a negative EUS. The overall. The study authors did not report the number of cases of people who had unresectability after CT, but the results of this review suggest that there is significant uncertainty in the utility of Eus in people with pancreatic cancers found to have cancer that is not resectionable afterCT scan. No studies
We searched for studies that compared medical interventions (e.g. topical steroids, oral antibiotics, warm compresses, and eyelid hygiene) with other treatments for blepharitis. We found 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharyngitis) that compared these treatments. The studies were of variable quality and varied in their methods. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blephARitis. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic pain relief for anterior and posterior blepharectal blephritis. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics were inconclusive. Despite identifying 34 studies related to treatments for chronic blephharitis, there is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic bleharococitis. Medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures, such a warm compress and eyelids washing, to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly.
We found one study with a total of 23 participants. The study was at high risk of bias and the quality of the evidence was low. The results of the study were not consistent. The trial did not measure any of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. This study was of low quality. There is insufficient evidence from high-quality randomised controlled trials to determine whether photodynamic therapies alter the course of disease or provide an added benefit to surgery in patients with RRP. Multicentre randomised trials with appropriate sample sizes and long-term follow-up are required to evaluate whether photodynamics are of benefit. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be measured in future trials.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided information on the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate quality. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and used different methods. The results of the review showed that CDUS is superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity and specificity. The quality of the studies was generally poor. The majority of studies were of moderate to low quality. In most studies the studies were not clearly reported or did not clearly report the delay between the two tests. In addition, the studies did not report clearly the blinding of the participants to the test and the blinding interpretation of the reference standard. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to high. The evidence shows that both ultrasound and CDUS are superior to each other in terms for accuracy. In an endoleak surveillance programme, CE-CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive to establish the type of endoleAK and the subsequent therapeutic management.
We included seven studies, with a total of 766 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. All seven studies reported on low back pain in labour only. The studies were of good methodological quality, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported treatment group mean or median scores, finding greater reduction in pain for sterile water. However, the studies did not demonstrate a normal distribution for pain intensity or relief, and use of different scales meant meta-analysis was inappropriate. No study reported primary dichotomous efficacy outcomes. One reported the number self-scoring 4/10 cm or more reduction in the pain of the woman's back pain, and found that more women had this outcome with sterile water (50% to 60%) than with placebo (20% to 25%). There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. Two studies reported that more pain relief was needed with sterile drinking water, and that more would request the same pain relief in future. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with sterile Water. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. Further large, method rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain in pain in childbirth.
We searched for studies that compared the use of glue with sutures for mesh repair in people with Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, and the UK. The results showed that glue may reduce chronic pain after mesh repair compared with suture. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the glue group compared with the suture group. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. The length of time taken for the repair to complete was similar in the two treatment groups. We also looked at adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were poor reporting of study methods and imprecision of results. The included studies were small and had some limitations in their design. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. The risk of bias for all the included studies varied from low to high. The trials were small, and some of the included trials were at high risk of systematic error. The review authors recommend that future studies should be larger and of high quality.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three studies were randomised controlled trials. A package of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved the reporting of quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Providing instructions to authors was associated in one study with improved reporting of ethics requirements and fewer errors on references in two other studies, but no difference was seen in the quality of abstracts in one randomised trial. The reference accuracy studies showed a median citation error rate of 38% and a median quotation error rate in the reference accuracy groups of 20%. The overall quality of the evidence was generally poor.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were small, of short duration, and most had significant shortcomings in reporting. The available evidence indicates that codeine is more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and pain relief. There were three deaths, in all cases due to the cancer. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported the treatment periods separately. Twelve studies used codeine alone or in combination with paracetamol, while three combined it with par acetaminophen. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, one, seven or 21 days. Most of the studies used doses of codeine at doses of 30 mg to 120 mg. There was insufficient data for any pooled analysis. Only two studies reported our preferred response outcome of 'participants with at least 50 per cent reduction in pain' and two reported 'no worse than mild pain'. Eleven studies reported pain intensity or pain relief; overall for these outcome measures, codeine or codeine plus paracetamicol was numerically superior to placebo and equivalent to the active comparators. Adverse event reporting was poor: only two studies measured the number of participants who had any adverse event specified by treatment group and only one report the number who had serious adverse events. In multiple-dose studies nausea, nausea, and constipation were common, with somnolence and dizziness frequent in the 21-day
We included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial). A total of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβ, aged six to 35 years old, were included. The majority of participants were African-American. The trials were conducted in the USA and the duration of the interventions ranged from one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks. The average age of participants ranged from 36 to 55 years. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The heterogeneity of the included trials, which encompasses setting, inclusion and exclusion criteria, interventional method and time of assessment, ranged from 'not important' to'moderate to substantial' for different review outcomes. The quality of evidence was low for selective reporting, unclear for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of participants and blinding of outcome assessment. Incomplete outcome reporting and blinding was also mixed. Patient knowledge was assessed by four trials (160 participants) with moderate to substantial heterogeneity. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in a sensitivity analysis. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial of 20 families, also showed an improvement, but the effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect for caregiver knowledge was not sustained. There were no differences between the intervention groups in the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related illness. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs and symptom leading to self-management. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and showed no evidence of an effect, but depression showed a statistically significant decline in intervention groups. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The evidence was of moderate
We included six studies with 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included people with both focal and generalised onset seizures, and the other five trials included people only with focal seizures. All studies were of short duration. The results of the review suggest that people taking brivaracetam with other drugs are more likely to have a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those taking placebo. They are also more likely than those on placebo to achieve seizure freedom. However, people taking add-on brivar acetam were more likely (by 50% to 75%) to withdraw from treatment because of side effects compared with those taking a placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the reduction in seizures, but was low for the incidence of people withdrawing from treatment for any reason. The evidence was also of moderate quality for the risk of people experiencing one or more side effects. The main limitation of the included studies was that all studies were short-term, and all studies included people who were not younger than 16 years old. Therefore, these findings are mainly applicable to people with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Future research should focus on investigating the tolerability and efficacy of brivaractam during longer-term follow-up, and should also assess the efficacy and tolerability of bribaracetam in managing other types of seizures and its use in other age groups.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on vaccination against measles, mumps, and rubella. In general, parents wanted more information than they received. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents. Parents wanted balanced and unbiased information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply (moderate confidence) and tailored to their situation (low confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services (low) and in good time before each vaccination appointment (moderate). Parents viewed the health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them (high confidence). Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers can sometimes impact on vaccination decisions (moderate certainty). Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high certainty). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information. Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions seemed to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. We are uncertain about the results of the review because of the small number of studies and the small sample size. Further research, especially in low- and middle-income country settings, could strengthen the findings where we had low or very low confidence.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were no overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies or TAU. Two trials found a non specific specialist therapy (Specialist Supportive Clinical Management) or an Optimised TAU delivered by therapists with eating disorder expertise was similar in outcomes to cognitive behaviour therapy. When comparing individual psychological therapy with each other, no specific treatment was consistently superior to any other specific approach. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. There was a suggestion in one study that focal psychodynamics might be superior to TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Owing to the risk of bias and limitations of studies, notably small sample
The review included 516 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) conducted in the USA, Germany, and the UK. The first two trials were funded by the National Eye Institute, and one trial was funded by a multi-centre international trial. The trials were conducted in two countries: one trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to either siliconeOil or perfluropropane gas. The third trial was conducted in Germany and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. The use of either perflurpropane or standard silicone oils appears reasonable for most patients with RD associated with PVR. There do not appear to be any major differences in outcomes between the two agents, and each patient should choose the best oil for each case. There were no significant differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. For macular detachment, participants treated with silicone oil received significantly more favourable outcomes than did participants who received sulfur hexaurea gas at both one year and two years. There was no significant difference between silicone Oil and sulfur hexfluorid gas in the change in visual acity at one year, but there were no differences between oil and sulfur Hexafluoroethylene gas at two years, and there were not significant differences in the two years between oil with and oil. There is no evidence that heavy silicone oils are superior to standard silicone. There are no major differences between the use of silicone oil, perfluohexyl octane gas, or silicone oil in terms
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. We found that planned early delivery is associated with less risk of maternal morbidity and mortality. There was no clear difference in the risk of infant morbidity. There were no clear differences between groups for caesarean section, duration of hospital stay for mother after delivery of the baby or for the baby. There is no clear evidence that planned delivery is beneficial for the mother or her baby. The evidence was of high quality. The quality of the evidence was downgraded because of the wide range of confidence intervals (the confidence intervals are used to assess the effect of a particular intervention on a particular outcome) and because the studies were at high risk of bias. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to the group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this could have affected aspects of care and decision-making. The level of evidence was graded high (compsite maternal mortality and morbidity), moderate (care for the mothers, caesaran section and duration of stay in hospital after delivery for the woman) or low (composite infant mortality, morbidity, and mortality). Where the evidence is downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm.
This review of six randomised trials (including 142 participants) found that prophylactic clotting factor concentrates reduce bleeding and other joint bleeds in children with hemophilia. There is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to confirm the observational evidence that proprothymaxis decreases bleeding and related complications in patients with existing joints. There was no evidence that clotting factors were associated with increased risk of infection or adverse events. There were no data on the number of patients who had preserved joints after three to seven years of treatment.
We included 13 trials involving 18 24 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies aimed for remission to continue for at least six months. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between treatment treatment groups, however, the difference between treatment schedules was not significant. In summary, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. This review highlights a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the overall evidence for this review is not robust as studies have been small, small and have been poorly reported.
The review authors identified two studies involving 447 RhD negative women. The studies compared the use of either an intramuscularly (IM) or intravenously (IV) dose of anti-D to prevent RhD alloimmunization. The number of included studies was too small to be able to draw any conclusions. The results of the studies were not consistent. The mean anti-IgG concentrations after IV administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV; 8.7 ng/dL IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-treatment, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. It appears that IM and IV administration of anti -D are equally effective. The choice of the route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to administer and also on the patients' preferences.
We identified eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin and placebo. Five studies investigated clopidogrel compared to either aspirin or a combination of aspirin, dipyridamole, or aspirin and aspirin. One study compared ticledogre to placebo. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. The trials did not report any information on deaths from any cause, vascular mortality or myocardial infarction. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular deaths and myocardia infarct were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticslopazine to placebo and did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences for all-causing deaths, vascular death or my heart attack. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes participants). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194 (11.2%) versus 356/3146 (11%). The results of the trials were not statistically significant for ADP receptor antagonists versus other antiplatelet drugs. There were no data available from any of the studies on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for patients with type 2 diabetes, or costs. The available evidence for ADPs in patients with diabetic mellitus is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients and diabetes separately. Therefore, recommendations for the use of ADP-receptor antagonists for the prevention of CVD in patients are based on available evidence from trials including patients with and without diabetes. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup analyses of patients with both diabetes and no diabetes in trials with
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, and one evaluated six-week interventions. Six trials evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance. Three trials evaluated the effect of non-vasive support on quality of life. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's primary outcomes (quality of life). Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that airway clearing may be easier with nonvasive ventilation and people with cystic fibrosis may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that non-insvasive ventilation increases sputum expectations, but it did improve some lung function parameters. Three studies evaluated nonvasive support for overnight ventilation. Results for these studies showed that nonvasive breathing may improve gas exchange during sleep to a greater extent than oxygen therapy alone in people with moderate to severe disease. The effect of NIV on exercise is unclear. Three trial evaluated non invasive ventilation for exercise. Results showed that exercise performance improved with non- invasive ventilation compared to room air over six weeks. One trial, evaluating non-Invasive ventilation, reported that a participant withdrew at the start of treatment due to pain on respiratory muscle testing. One of the studies evaluating non invasive support for exercise reported no clear differences between non-intvasive ventilation versus oxygen or room air. One study evaluating nonvasive treatment for exercise found no clear difference between non invasive and oxygen or no non- invasive ventilation. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review authors found that non invasive breathing may be a useful adjunct to other airway cleansing techniques, particularly in people who have difficulty expectorating sputus. These benefits of nonvasive ventilatory support have largely been demonstrated in single treatment session with small numbers of participants. The impact of this therapy on pulmonary exacerbations and disease progression remain unclear. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate for most outcomes. Most of the included trials had a low risk
We searched for studies that compared NIPPV with nocturnal-NIPPV in people with COPD. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. The seven studies involved 245 people. The mean age of the participants was between 65 and 74 years. The average age of participants was around 70 years. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of NIPPVs on lung function, exercise tolerance, quality of life, lung function or sleep efficiency. The evidence is current to January 2015. The results of the seven studies did not show that NIPPVS had any effect on lung functions, exercise capacity, quality-of-life, lung strength or sleep. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The included studies were small and the results were inconclusive.
We included four trials, involving a total of 1190 women. The evidence is current to September 2014. Induction of labour for suspected macrosomia did not reduce the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of labour on the risk for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was also no clear difference between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia (low blood oxygen levels in the lungs), low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven), low arterial cord blood pH (low-quality of evidence), or low birthweight babies. Birth fractures and shoulder dystocia were reduced in the induction of the induction group. Mean birthweight was lower in the intervention group, but there was considerable variation between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the group receiving induction. The unexpected observation in the induced group of increased perineeal damage, and the plausible, but of uncertain significance, observation of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. Inducing labour for babies with suspected macrosomal growth has not been shown to alter the risk brachia plexis injury, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. Also, antenatal estimates of fetal weight are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed. Nevertheless, induction of birthweight results in a lower mean birthweight, and fewer birth fractures and birth dystocolia. Inductions of labour before the first trimester are likely to be popular with many women. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal growth, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for
We searched for randomised clinical trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into treatment groups) that compared vitamin D with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment in people with cancer or other chronic diseases. We found 56 randomised trials with 95,286 participants. The age ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. Forty-eight of these trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The remaining eight trials randomly allocated 795 participants with chronic diseases of the joints, heart, lungs, or kidneys. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted average of 4.4 years. All trials were from high-income countries. The mean proportion of participants was 77%. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in 19 trials had vitamin D adequacy at or above 20 ng/mL (the recommended level of vitamin D for healthy people living in the community). Participants in the remaining 26 trials had insufficient levels of vitamin A (a vitamin A deficiency) (less than 20 ng or less than 20 nd/mL). Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together. Vitamin A decreased mortality by about 12% in all trials. Vitamin C decreased mortality, but the effect was not statistically significant. Vitamin B and vitamin D did not significantly affect mortality. Vitamin 3 decreased mortality. The risk of cancer mortality was significantly decreased in four trials. The combined risk of vitamin C and vitamin A combined with calcium increased in 38 trials. We did not find any differences in the effect of vitamin B and D on mortality in trials at low risk of bias (where the participants were not aware of the intervention) or high risk of biased (where participants knew which treatment they were receiving). We found that vitamin D may
This review of trials found that three drugs, fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine, can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. These drugs can help to reduce the amount of weight that people gain over time. The effects of these drugs on the body's ability to maintain normal blood sugar control are uncertain. There is a lack of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in persons with type two diabetes.
We searched for studies that compared the efficacy and safety of VGB with CBZ in people with epilepsy. We found five studies that involved a total of 734 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. The review authors found that VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness than CBZ. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. However, results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. No significant differences were observed between VGB and CBZ for the time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did indicate a disadvantage of VGT for VGT on time from first seizure to first remission. The authors concluded that VGT should not be considered a first-line treatment for epilepsy and should not cause any harm. However it should be noted that VTB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared plerixafor to placebo or no treatment in people with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these trials were completed but did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple or non Hodgkin lymph cancer. In both studies the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerizafor and the control group received a G-Cochrane G-Cell Activator plus placebo. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found no evidence for differences between plerxafor plus G-CCA and placebo group in terms of survival at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection. The results of the analysed data suggest that additional pleraxafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether additional plezafor affects survival or adverse events. None of the trials reported on quality of life and progression-free survival. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcome successful stem cell collect and high for successful stem Cell Collection. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of pleroxafor, were published several times. Two more RCTs examining the addition of pleazafor to a GCSF mobilisation regimen terminated early without publishing any outcome. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCT results, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. The trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Cones were better than no active treatment, but there was not enough evidence to show that cones plus pelvic floor muscle training was better than either cones alone or pelvic floor muscles training alone. There was little evidence of difference for a cure between cones and pelvic floor exercises, or between the use of cones and electrostimulation. There were no trials that looked at quality of life, and no study looked at economic outcomes. Concealed vaginal cones are better than pelvic floor exercise alone and may be of similar effectiveness to pelvic floor stimulation alone. Concretive pelvic floor musculoskeletal muscle training is another treatment option, if women find them acceptable. Concessions could be offered as one treatment option if women choose to use them. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We searched for studies that compared interventions to improve anticoagulant control in patients with AF. We included studies that assessed the effects of interventions to help patients to monitor their blood flow and to monitor the effects on their blood pressure, heart rate, and blood pressure. We found eleven studies that met our inclusion criteria. We identified a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study). Studies included education and decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education. The evidence is current to August 2015. We did not find any studies that examined the effects that interventions to change the way patients monitor their own blood pressure and their blood pressures control their blood glucose levels. We also found no studies that looked at the effects in patients who were given a decision aid or self-watch. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for the effect of self- monitoring plus education on blood pressure control and very low quality evidence for the effects education and self monitoring plus self-help. We graded the quality as low for anxiety and depression and low for decision aids. We judged the quality for the impact of decision aids on decision conflict to be low. We concluded that there is not enough evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact on blood clotting in AF patients receiving OAT. Thus, more trials are needed to examine the impact that interventions on anticoageulation control in AF are having on AF patients and the mechanisms by which they are successful. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
This review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, but the effect on improving outcomes for the mother and baby is uncertain. The review also found that PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as effective as each other, although small differences between some outcomes are probably due to chance.
This review of five trials, which included 247 infants, found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress had similar effects to incubator care in terms of temperature control and weight gain. In the cot group, fewer infants were breast fed on discharge from hospital and fewer infants died prior to hospital discharge but the results were not statistically significant. In one trial, cot nursing with warming of the nursery resulted in smaller weight gain during week one compared to incubators. However, this result was not statistically meaningful. The comparison of cot nursing with warming water- filled mattress versus incubator was also similar.
We included three studies, involving a total of 146 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold-chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques (low to very low-quality data). Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review; however we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three trials, involving a total of 244 women. The trials were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (a drug that blocks the growth of prostaglens) in 50 women and PG E1 analogue in 194 women. These drugs were given at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The studies were considered at high-risk of systematic error. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that prostaglandsins did not reduce the need for manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion or the time from injection to placental removal. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglanins. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants. The studies were conducted in the 1970s. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced risk of treatment failure and death in preterm infants with respiratory distress. We also found that use of CDP is associated to lower risk of death and use of assisted ventilation in infants with birth weight above 1500 g and lower risk in infants who have birth weight over 1500 g (two studies; two studies; 60 infants). We found no difference in the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as oxygen dependency, at 28 days of life (three studies, 260 infants), as well as no difference at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). In preterm babies with respiratory problems, the application of CCP as CPap or CCP is associated in some infants with increased risk of pneumothorax (pneumothoracic obstruction). We did not find any evidence that CDP as CPP or CTP is associated as a treatment option for preterm children with respiratory disorders. We are uncertain about the best mode of administration of CPD. Further research is required to determine the best way to administer CDP.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. Two studies compared foam wound dressings with basic wound contact dressings and found no difference in ulcer healing. There was no difference between foam dressings compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings. There were no differences between foam and alginate dressings in the number of diabetic foot ulcers healed. There is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressing is more effective in healing foot ulcer wounds than other types of dressing. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the surgical group and 56 in the endoscopic group. The trials showed that surgical intervention resulted in better pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function than endoscopic treatment. The surgical intervention also resulted in improved overall quality of life and improved preservation of exocrine function. No differences were found in terms of major complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgery group and 15 in the conservative group. This trial showed that surgery was superior to endoscopy in terms pain relief. The trial had methodological limitations, and the number was relatively small. For patients with obstructive chronic pancreatitis and dilated pancreatic duct, this review shows that surgery is superior to either endoscopic or conservative treatment in terms for pain relief, but the small trials identified do not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome. Regarding the comparison of surgical intervention versus conservative treatment, the review has shown that surgical treatment in an early stage of chronic pancreatic pancreatitis is a promising approach in terms to pain relief in terms and pancreatic functions. Other trials need to confirm these results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared early versus delayed post-operative showering or bathing. We found only one trial that compared the two groups of patients. This trial included a total of 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The trial was at a high risk of bias. The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infections. There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of patients who developed surgical site infection between the groups. The proportions of patients with surgical site wound infections were 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8% in both groups. We recommend that further randomised trials be conducted to compare early versus late post-operatively showering.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The trial did not measure the primary outcome for this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The RCT did not report side effects in detail, but one prednisonerone-treated participant died. The quality of evidence was very low. The study did not show any difference between the two treatments in the number of people who achieved remission, or in the change in disability or impairment after one year. The results of the trial were inconclusive. A second trial comparing daily standard-dose oral prednosolone with monthly high-dose dexamethasone in 40 people reported no of the outcomes that we had planned for this systematic review. There was little or no difference in the improvement of neuropathy Impairment Scale scores after 12 weeks, or change in grip strength or Medical Research Council (MRC) scores between groups. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexametasone (low-quality evidence) as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) (moderate-quality of evidence). We are very uncertain about the effects of oral prednosone compared with no medication because the quality of the evidence is very low, and because the only RCT that exists is very small. Nevertheless, corticosteroids are commonly used in practice, supported by very low-quality studies. We also know from observational studies that corticostoids carry the long-term risk of serious side effects. Most side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups, but with high-dose monthly oral dexametsone moon facie is probably less common and sleeplessiness may be less common than with oral prednasolone. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We searched for studies that compared remote asthma check-ups with face-to-face check-up. We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote and face- to-face asthma check up for adults with asthma. One study compared the two types. The studies were of variable quality and the studies were too small to detect any differences in asthma exacerbations. We could not say whether more people who were seen remote had an asthma attack that required oral steroids than those who were face-taught to do so because the studies could not be blinded. The results of the studies did not show any important differences between face- and remote asthma care in terms of asthma control or quality of life. We were not able to say whether remote asthma checks are a safe alternative to being seen face-time because the quality of the evidence was low. The larger study showed that offering telephone check- appointments and proactively phoneoning participants increased the number of people with asthma who received a review. However, we do not know whether the additional participants who had a telephone checkup subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the asthma attack outcomes. The quality of evidence was very low because the people taking part in the studies knew which group they were in and this could have affected the results. We do not have enough information to say if remote asthma checked-ups are a safer alternative to face-based check- ups.
This review of 16 studies, which included 212 participants, found no evidence that exercise therapy improves functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity or pain. The results of the review suggest that exercise does not worsen arthritis. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the adverse effects of exercise therapy; no short-term detrimental effects of the exercise therapy were found in any study. The lack of evidence about the long-term effects of exercising for patients with JIA is a major limitation in this review.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpatients and outpatients, but these effects are small and inconsistent. The effects of antibiotics on treatment failure are uncertain. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failures. The trial also showed that antibiotics reduced the risk of treatment failure and length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes treatment failure, length of stay in hospital, and death. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome of death. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk for treatment failure in patients with severe exacerbations. The available evidence does not show that antibiotics are beneficial for patients with moderate to severe exacerbation. The results of this review are uncertain because the effects of antibiotic treatment on treatment failed outcomes are inconsistent and the results of other outcomes are not consistent. The studies included in this review did not show any significant effect of antibiotics for adverse events. The included studies did not report on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms. The limited evidence available does not support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of people with acute exacerbations and out-patients. The review found that there is no evidence that antibiotic treatment reduces the risk that people with severe acute exacerbation have a recurrence of their condition. The findings of this systematic review are consistent with the results from other Cochrane reviews.
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) comparing whole grain diets to lower whole grain or refined grain control groups. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain dietary interventions on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported the effects of whole-grain diets on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. Overall, we found no difference between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors such as blood lipid and blood blood pressure, and the overall quality of the evidence was low. Trials were at unclear or risk of high risk or high-risk of bias with small sample sizes and relatively short-term interventions, and there is a need for well-designed, adequately powered RCTS with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review of trials found that early movement of the ankle (before surgery) made little or no difference to the range of motion of patients with ankle pain. There was limited evidence that early weight-bearing made a small improvement in ankle range of movement. There is little evidence that any type of immobilisation is better than another. There were no trials that investigated stretching, manual therapy or exercise. There are no trials investigating the use of a removable type of device to allow exercise after surgery. There may be some evidence that some electrotherapy modalities may be beneficial. There has been no evidence that there is any benefit from the use a removable device to enable exercise after the immobilisation period. There have been no trials of interventions to improve walking or stretching after surgery, or to improve exercise. More trials are needed to strengthen the current evidence.
This review of four studies found that home-based nursing programmes have the potential to improve adherence to ART medication. Two interventions, an antiretroviral regimen and peer support group therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence. However, adolescents on an antivertrovirus-containing regimen showed greater viral load suppression than those on a non-nucleoside regimen. A home-focused nursing programme has the potential for improving adherence to medication, but more evidence is needed.
This review found five studies (696 participants) that compared oral fenoprofen 200 mg with placebo (a pretend medicine) for moderate to severe acute postoperative pain. The results showed that oral fensiproen 200 mg is an effective treatment for moderate-to-severe acute postoperatively induced pain. There were no serious side effects or withdrawals due to adverse events. There was not enough information to assess the effectiveness of other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication.
This review included six trials, which included 857 women. Four trials compared PFM to a control group (no treatment) and compared PFMT to a group of women who had surgery for prolapse. Two trials included women having surgery for their prolapse and compared the addition of a PFMT treatment to surgery versus surgery alone. The evidence is current to September 2013. Four of the trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. The largest trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Two out of three trials which reported urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups in favour of the PFM group. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency and worry about symptoms in the group compared with the control. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the PFMS group in terms stronger muscles. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no change in symptom score change between groups, whilst another found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the control groups compared to those in the intervention group. There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of PFMT for prolapause symptoms and severity. The results of this review are based on six trials. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to low.
This review of trials found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear CSOM better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics, but the effects of quinolinone antibiotics on other treatments are less clear. Studies were also inconclusive regarding any differences between quinolate antibiotics and non-quinolone antibiotic treatments, although indirect comparisons suggest a benefit of topical quinsolones cannot be ruled out. Further trials should clarify non-equivalent effects of non-aquinolones, assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include further safety assessments, particularly to clarify the risks of ototoxicity and whether quinoleons may result in fewer adverse events than other topical treatments.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with most of the studies conducted in the 1970's, and 80% of them in the 1980's. The evidence is current to April 2013. The review shows that FRS correctly identifies people with schizophrenia 75% to 95% of the time. However, the use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Again, with a sensitivity of 60%, reliance on FRS for triage of people with suspected schizophrenia will not correctly diagnose around 40% of people that specialists will consider to have schizophrenia. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will wrongly consider to be having schizophrenia, could be prematurely discharged from care if triage relies on the presence of Frs to diagnose them. Empathetic, considerate use of the FRS should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. However we cannot recommend the use FRS in triaging of people suspected of having schizophrenia.
We searched for studies up to January 2017. We included 10 studies that compared educational and psychological interventions with no intervention or with other treatments for children with eczema. We found 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update. The studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational studies and 44 participants in one psychological study. The evidence is current to January 2016. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. The other studies were of mixed quality. The results of the studies were not consistent. The review found that there is limited evidence that educational and psychosocial interventions can improve eczematological symptoms and quality of the life of children with atopic eczma. However, there is some evidence that these interventions may lead to improvements in eczemia severity and quality. There is no evidence that psychological interventions are effective in improving sleep. The quality of evidence for the effects of educational and psychoeducation interventions on eczemic symptoms and on quality of living was low. The included studies were generally of poor quality. We judged four studies to have high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions. The educational studies in both the original review and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original study.
This review of trials found that for people with LRTI affecting tissues of the head, neck, anus and rectum, HBOT is associated with improved outcome. HBOT also reduces the chance of developing ORN following tooth extraction. There was no evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. There were no trials that reported adverse events. The application of HBOT to selected participants and tissues may be justified. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy. An economic evaluation should be undertaken. The review authors identified a total of fourteen trials involving a total number of 775 participants. These small trials suggest that for LRTIs affecting tissues, HBOTS may be associated with an improved outcome for people.
We found 10 randomised controlled studies involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to the use in comparison with sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. The use of sharp needles resulted in one glove perforation in every six operations. The risk of one glove being perforated in every three operations was reduced by the use blunt needles. In four studies, the use was also associated with fewer self-reported needle stick injuries. The quality of the studies was high. There is high quality evidence that blunt needles reduce the risk of exposure to blood and fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between triflunoperazine and low-head antipsychotics. However, trifflunopride produced more movement disorders. The quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from very low to moderate quality. The number of randomized studies as well as their quality is low, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of trifplunoprene and low to high-potencies antipsychotropics.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from feeding tube to oral feeding. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. Meta analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of growth gain and provide some evidence that responsive feeds reduce time taken for infants to transition from feeding via tube to feeding via mouth. The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. No trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide evidence that responding to feeding cues (responsive feeding) affects important outcomes for preterm babies or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists that preterm infant fed in response to feeding and satiation cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included trials. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding of preterm baby outcomes affects other important outcomes.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants. One trial showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo and in participants with 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) compared with a placebo. The second trial with a combined total of 18 participants showed that the ABI in participants receiving a multivitamin B supplement was non significant. No major events were reported. The studies were of poor quality and did not report on mortality or rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further well-designed trials are urgently required. The review authors recommend that further research is urgently needed.
We found two studies that compared the impact of different types of financial incentives on the activities of dentists. One study compared the effect of capitation payments with fee-for-service payments and found that the capitation system resulted in a significant increase in clinical activity in the group receiving a fee- for-service payment. However, this study was conducted in the four most deprived areas in Scotland, so the applicability of the findings of the study to other settings may be limited. The second study compared capitation with fee for service payments and compared the effects of capitations on primary care dentists’ clinical activity. The study reported on measures of clinical activity, health service utilisation, patient outcomes and healthcare costs. The authors reported that the dentists tended to see their patients less frequently and tended to carry out fewer fillings and extractions, but also tended to give more advice. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. The overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes. The studies were of low quality and the number of included studies was limited. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall quality was low or very low for the outcomes assessed.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers, involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. The evidence was current to September 2013. The trials were generally at low risk of bias. The review found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (14% relative reduction in the number of babies with low birthweight). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies that were stillborn or weighed less than 1000 g at birth. No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were found between the groups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweights, and was low for stillbirth or neonate death and birthweight. The included trials were mostly of low income women and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2016 and found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared probiotics with antifungal drugs. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The evidence is current to January 2016. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month but did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. Probotic use did increase the rate for the occurrence of serious adverse events but did no increase the number of serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries, while four trials were in upper-middle income countries; two in Iran and one in Malaysia; the fourth in Turkey; the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is lower-middle-income country. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if treatment of women with threatened miscarriage with progestogen compared to placebo or no treatment has any effect on the rate for congenital abnormalities because the quality of the evidence was very low. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of women and the wide confidence intervals for some outcomes.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) on the use of laser photocoagulation in diabetic retinopathy. We found five studies that compared laser photocapular photocapsulation to no treatment or to deferred treatment. These studies were conducted in the USA, the UK, Japan and the USA. A total of 4786 people with a total of 9953 eyes were included in these studies. The majority of participants in four of these studies were people with proliferative diabetic retinaopathy; one study recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinitis. Four of the studies evaluated panretinal photocoage with argon laser and one study investigated selective photocogeulation of non-perfusion areas. Three studies compared laser treatment to no laser treatment and two studies compared treatment to deferred laser treatment. All studies were at risk of bias because the treatment and control were different and no study attempted to produce a sham treatment. Three of the five studies were considered to be at risk for attrition bias. At 12 months there was little difference between eyes that received laser phototherapy and those that received no treatment in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity. Longer term follow-up did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% reduction in risk of loss in vision at five years with laser treatment compared to no therapy. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic retenopathy with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction of progression of diabetes retinopathies and a similar reduction in the risk of vitreous haemorrhage. None of the included studies reported near visual acision or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. We did not plan any subgroup analyses, but there was a difference in baseline risk in
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy. The participants were mostly men (67%), and the average age was 65 years. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. The findings of this review indicate that CPAP or NPPV is an effective and safe intervention for adults with respiratory failure following upper abdominal surgical intervention. However, the quality of the evidence was low or low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing pain relief were assessed in the trials. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). With regard to the primary outcomes, women receiving diazepapine for forceps delivery were significantly more likely to judge their pain relief as effective compared with women receiving vinyDan-ether. No significant difference was seen in the number of women who judged their pain as effective when diazepamate was compared with ketamine. In the trial that compared spinal pain relief to pUDendal muscle block, women were significantly less likely to regard their pain control as adequate and were less likely of them to report severe pain during forceps birth. No trial reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity. In terms of secondary outcomes, diazepamicine compared with vinydin-ether, women who received diazepamide compared with placebo were significantly fewer likely to experience vomiting. No differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons. There is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain control for forcep delivery. Neonatal outcomes have been largely not been evaluated.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both genders with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Interventions lasted from two to 54 months. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Intervention periods ranged from two weeks to 54 years. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in quality-of-life scores, but the results were not statistically significant. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication use. No serious adverse events were reported, but data on this outcome was limited. We need more studies with larger numbers of participants and high methodological and reporting quality to confirm the effects of exercise-based yoga for asthma.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data to allow us to assess the effects of the treatments. We found moderate-quality evidence that interferon beta-1a and methotrexate did not slow the progression of IBM. We also identified moderate- quality evidence that methotroxate had no effect on the progression. We were unable to draw conclusions from trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, and AZA plus MTX versus MTX. We need more randomised trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcomes. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as providing very low-quality data in relation to the primary outcome measure. We judged the quality of evidence for the outcomes of interest as moderate to very low. We identified no trials that reported on the effect of other treatments. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and a short duration make it difficult to say whether or do not any of the drug treatments included in this review were effective. All analysed trials reported adverse events. Only 1 of the 10 trials interpreted these for statistical significance. None of the included trials included prespecified criteria for significant adverse events for significant side events.
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 3144 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that linezolid was more effective than vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs, including SSTI caused by MRSA. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the linezodon group than the vancomedine group. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral linezolate than with intravenous vancome. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between linezole and vancomen. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the people treated with linezolol compared with those treated with vancoma. However, more people reported thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder) and nausea when treated with the lineZolid. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezolanol. The quality of the evidence is low. Further well-designed, independently-funded RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled studies with a total of 512 participants. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. Furthermore, we noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly reduced in the PPw group. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
This review of six randomised trials of calcium channel blockers in acute traumatic head injury patients found that there is considerable uncertainty about their effects. The effect of calcium channels blockers on the risk of death was reported in five of the six trials. The pooled odds ratio (OR) for the five studies was 0.91 (95% confidence interval [95% CI] 0.70 to 1.16). For the five trials that reported the risk-of-death, the pooled OR was 0%. In the two trials which reported the rate of death in a subgroup of patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage, the OR was 59 (95%) (95%, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.94). Three trials reported death and severe disability as an outcome in this subgroup, and the pooledOR was 67 (95%). The effect on adverse reactions was reported by one trial, and it was not clear whether this was harmful or not.
We included four randomised controlled studies (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of one of several treatment groups) with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be at a relatively high risk. The evidence is current to August 2016. The included studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy and the UK. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The studies were of low quality. The results of the studies were inconclusive. The survival to hospital discharge was not significantly different between the groups. The neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year were not significantly similar between the two groups. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment. We have been unable to determine conclusively whether immediate defibrillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrillation have similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. We were unable to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
This review found three randomised trials that compared GnRHa long protocol with GnRH antagonist therapy. The trials were of low quality. The number of oocytes retrieved was significantly less in the GnRH long protocol group compared to stop protocol and GnRH antagonists. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was significantly higher. Cancellation rates were significantly higher in the group receiving GnRHA flare up therapy compared to the GnRH long protocol. None of the studies showed a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy for the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation. More robust data from good quality randomised controlled studies with relevant outcomes are needed.
This review of 53 randomised trials found that family intervention may reduce the frequency of relapse events and hospitalisations and encourage compliance with medication. Family intervention may also reduce hospital admission and encourage medication compliance. Family interventions may also improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. We did not find data to suggest that family interventions either prevent or promote suicide. Further research is required to confirm these findings.
We searched for studies that compared drug-eluting balloons with uncoated balloon stents in people with symptomatic in-stent restenosis. We found three randomized controlled trials that compared the use of drug-enriched balloons with the use uncoating balloons. The trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used a drug called paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-elevating balloons (two companies manufactured the drug in the trials). The trials included 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic restenotic blockage within the thigh arteries. The evidence is current to August 2016. The certainty of evidence presented was very low for the outcomes of amputation, target lesion revascularization, binary restenitis, death, and improvement of one or more Rutherford categories. The quality of the evidence was very limited due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We found seven trials that compared the effects of steroids in children with KD. These studies included 922 participants. The trials were conducted in Asia, the USA, Europe, Australia, and the UK. The duration of treatment ranged from one to 12 weeks. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities and the time taken for laboratory tests to normalise. The use of steroids also reduced the duration of fever, the time for laboratory parameters to normalize and the length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was considered high for the incidence of serious adverse events, mortality and time for the laboratory tests (e.g. ESR and CRP) to normalify. Evidence was considered moderate for the duration (duration of clinical symptoms) due to potential subjectivity in measurement. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Evidence showed that cortics reduced the incidence and duration of coronary arteries abnormalities and reduced the time spent in hospital. Evidence also showed reduced inflammatory markers (elevations of inflammation) and reduced duration of clinical symptom severity. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality, and long-term coronary morbidity. Certain groups, including those based in Asia and those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. Evidence provided by the review is of moderate quality. This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Four of these studies compared the PIP versus another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behaviour therapy. Two studies compared a PIP plus another PIB with a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. We assessed potential bias (random sequence generation, allocation concealment, incomplete outcome data, selective reporting, blinding of participants and personnel, blinding the outcome assessment, and other bias). Four studies were at low risk of bias in four or more domains. Four were at high risk of biased for allocation concealments, and no study blinded participants or personnel to the intervention. Five studies did not provide adequate information for assessment of risk of biases in at least one domain (current parent and child mental health). Six studies contributed data to the PIMP versus control comparisons producing 19 meta-analyses of outcomes measured at post-intervention or follow-up, or both, for the primary outcomes of parental depression (both dichotomous and continuous data), measures of parent-child interaction (i.e. maternal sensitivity, child involvement and parent engagement), infant attachment category (secure, avoidant, disorganised, resistant); attachment change (insecure to secure, stable secure, secure to insecure, stable insecure, secure, insecure, and stable insecure); infant behaviour and other outcomes (e.g. infant cognitive development). The results favoured neither PIP nor control for incidence of parental depressedness or parent-reported levels of depression. There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants securely attached at post the intervention (very low quality evidence), a reduction in the number of infants with an avoidant attachment style at post, and an increase in the percentage of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment at post. Further
We found 11 randomised controlled studies (with 753 participants) comparing giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, New Mexico, South Africa, South Korea, United Kingdom and United States of America. The evidence is current to August 2015. The low quality of evidence showed no significant differences in Apgar scores at one minute and at five minutes between the intervention groups. None of the 11 trials reported maternal desaturation. The very low quality evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation, maternal oxygen pressure in the blood, maternal umbilical blood flow and umbilico-oral oxygen saturation and umbils' blood flow. There was high variability among the studies in these outcomes. The high-risk studies showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. Overall, we found no convincing evidence that giving extra extra oxygen during electively planned caesarian section under anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar score. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence.
We included twelve studies with 2196 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, and Italy. The evidence is current to April 2011. We found that reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken by 11% in four studies. We also found that reminders increased the number of pills users took by 11%. We found no evidence that reminder packing reduced systolic blood pressure. We did not find evidence that reminders reduced blood pressure by any other measure. We extracted data from two studies that looked at blood pressure measurements. We were able to combine the results of these two studies and found that the use of reminder packaging improved blood pressure in patients with diabetes. We could not combine the data from the other two studies because they were too different from each other. We are uncertain whether reminder packaging is effective in improving adherence to medication. We cannot be certain that reminder packs are safe because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We recommend that further research is done to improve the design and targeting of reminder packs.
We identified 15 randomised trials that evaluated 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin A, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative complications. The trimetidine group had a significantly shorter length of hospital stay than control. There was no significant difference in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. Methylprednisolate, methylprednisole, and dextrexate improved enzyme markers of liver function and trimetZidine, methyl PrednisolONE, and methyl Prednose reduced the enzyme markers for liver injury compared with controls. However, there is a high risk for type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of systematic errors. Trimetazidine may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high risk-bias. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We searched for studies that compared the risk of kidney disease in people with cancer to the risk factors for kidney disease. We included studies that assessed the risk factor for kidney dysfunction, and looked at the risk for kidney damage, and the effect of treatment on the kidney function. We found that the risk was variable, and that the studies varied in terms of the type of cancer, the treatment received, the type and duration of the treatment and the way the studies were carried out. We were unable to combine the results of the studies because of the differences between them. We also found that studies were too different in terms on the risk-benefit profile of the treatments. We could not combine the data from the studies, but we found that people with kidney disease who received chemotherapy or radiotherapy had a lower risk of having kidney damage compared to those who did not receive chemotherapy or radiation. We did not find any evidence that people receiving chemotherapy or surgery had a higher risk of developing kidney damage. We are uncertain about the risk that people who received radiotherapy or chemotherapy had of having a kidney problem. We cannot be sure that people in the studies had a better kidney function after treatment with chemotherapy or chemotherapy drugs compared to people who did or did not. We do not know if people receiving radiotherapy were more likely to have kidney problems after treatment. The risk of people having kidney problems was also different between studies. We have not found any evidence about the risks of having an abnormal kidney function or having a high blood pressure after treatment, but this may be due to the fact that people were treated with drugs that were not as effective as those drugs. The studies did not report the risk or benefits of having high blood pressures. We need more studies to find out if there are any risks of kidney damage or kidney problems in people who receive chemotherapy and radiotherapy. We recommend that people should be followed up for at least three years to find whether there are risks of problems with their kidney function, and if
We identified two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines NIPrisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and CIKlavit® (a plant medicine) that have been tested in the treatment of sickle cell disease. The results of the single trial of Niprisan®, which reported that Nipri® was effective in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cells disease crisis over a six-month period, did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia. No serious adverse effects were reported. The single trial reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level in anaemia, but the results of this trial are not yet available. The Cajanus cajan® trial reported that Cajanian® (Ciklavit®, which is a plant medicine used in the management of sickled red blood cells) may be beneficial in reducing painful crises in sickle Cell disease. However, the results were not reported in the single included trial. Based on the published results for Niprid® and in view of the limitations in data collection and analysis of both trials, phytologics may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing the painful crises of sickling sicklecell disease. This needs to be further validated in future trials. More trials are required on the safety and efficacy of phytopharmacological interventions used in managing sickle blood disease.
We searched for evidence on 30 June 2016 and found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (chema-drug therapy) in individuals with HL and negative PET scans. The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based treatment or standard treatment. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. To date, data have been published for the PET- negative arms only, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials, 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET-less or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET- adapteded therapy and two in participants who received standard therapy. Progression-free survival was shorter in participants with PET adapted therapy (without radiotherapy), and in those receiving standard treatment with radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy (PET-adaptive therapy) versus radiotherapy and in participants in the PET group receiving chemotherapy but no radiotherapy versus standard radiotherapy, and in comparisons in those who received chemotherapy but radiotherapy but no additional treatment versus standard treatment, and those receiving chemotherapy plus radiotherapies. Short-term adverse events only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. Todate, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life, or short- and long-lasting adverse events are available. However, this systematic review found moderate-quality evidence
We found 31 randomised controlled studies that compared different hormonal contraceptives in women without diabetes. Twenty-one studies compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs) with a placebo (a pretend pill) and others examined different types of hormonal contraceptives, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. None included placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable differences between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve studies studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences from levonorgestrel COC were inconsistent. A meta-analysis of two studies showed the desoggestrel-based COC group had a higher mean fasting glucose (MD 0.20; 95% CI 0.00 to 0.41). Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower mean fasting blood glucose (0.40; 95%) and higher means for two-hour glucose response (MD 1.08; 95%). Three studies examined the etonogestre vaginal ring and one examined an etonoglobulin implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the levonergestrel group. Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five compared COC and three compared injectables. In a COC trial, a noreTHisterone group had smaller mean change in glucose two- hour response than a levonogestres-containing group. In an injectable study, a group using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had higher means than the group using norethsisterone enanthate for fasting glucose, glucose two hour response, and fasting insulin. Among five recent trials, two examined newer COC with different estrogen types. One showed the group with nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol had lower means than a group with levonrogestrel acetates. One study showed the lower-dose group showed smaller mean
We found 10 studies that compared exercise with no treatment in people with symptomatic hip pain. Nine studies (549 participants) showed that exercise reduced pain and improved physical function immediately after treatment. The studies also showed that the reduction in pain was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment. Five studies (391 participants) reported that pain was reduced by 8 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 to 100 points) and physical function was improved by 7 points. The improvement in pain and physical functions were also sustained at at least one year after the end of the exercise programme. Five of the 10 studies ( 367 participants) measured quality of life, and found no benefit of exercise. Quality of life was estimated to be 50 points on average in the general population in the control group. Moderate-quality evidence from seven studies (715 participants) indicated that people who were given an exercise programme were more likely to withdraw from the exercise group than those who were not. The evidence for the effects of exercise on pain and quality of physical function is of high quality. The quality of the evidence for pain and function was low. The results of the review may be vulnerable to bias as none of the studies were able to blind participants to the treatment they were receiving and, while most studies reported blinded outcome assessment, pain, physical function and quality was self reported. One of the included studies was only reported as a conference abstract and did not provide sufficient data for the evaluation of bias risk.
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. The results of the present review suggest that exercise can be helpful for patients not experiencing exacerbations. There is an urgent need for more research in this area.
We found only one trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy with delayed laparoscopy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) or delayed laparaoscopic cholangectomy (mean waiting time 4.2 months) for people with biliary colic. The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants). The trial was at high risk of bias. The results showed that people who had early laparaoscopy performed less than 24 hour after diagnosis of biliary biliary cancer had less serious complications than people who underwent delayed laparectomy. There were no deaths in the early laparection group (0.0%) and there were no serious complications in the delayed laparatectectomy group (2.5%). There was no bile duct injury in either group. There was a statistically significant shorter hospital stay in the earlier laparectomy group than in the later laparoscope group. The proportion of people who developed serious complications was significantly lower in the late laparotomy group (9.5%) than in those who had delayed laparses (22.5%), but there was no significant difference in the proportion of participants who required conversion to open cholecoperatively. The complication rate was similar in the two groups. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema of the gallbladder (n=1), gallbladders perforation (n°1), acute cholecalcitis (a condition in which leads to inflammation of the bile), acute cholangealitis (an inflammation of bile in the liver), obstructive jaundice (jaundice), and recurrent biliary bowel colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the group where all the participants were operated on within 24 hours in the first 24 hours of the
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with short-term antibiotics. Seven of these studies provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Overall, long-time antibiotic proclylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI (plausible effects range between a 76% to a 0.26% relative reduction with long-duration antibiotic prophyclaxis) compared with short term antibiotic proprophylactic antibiotics (moderate-quality evidence). There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-duration antibiotics compared with a single dose (low-quality data). No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in the trials that reported in this outcome. None of these trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. For people undergoing orthognathic surgery, long term antibiotic pre-operative antibiotic proprotylaxis decreases the risk for SSI compared with the risk with short duration antibiotic proprylaxis and the uncertainty of whether short-time antibiotics decreases the rate of SSi compared with single pre-operatively dose of prophyleptic antibiotics (low quality evidence). None of the trials assessed other outcomes. Most of the studies had some risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women, comparing the two policies. The study was small and the number of women included in the study was too small to detect any differences between the two groups. The review found no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis. The trial was too short to detect clinically important differences between these two policies, but the review found that there was a trend towards spontaneous preterm births in pregnancies complicated by gastroschaemic syndrome. The included study did not report on any of our other outcomes that we planned to measure. The only outcome that we looked at was the number and duration of time the babies were in hospital and the length of time they were in the hospital. The babies were born by caesarean section and the babies survived to be discharged from the hospital before discharge. The women were followed up for at least six months after birth. The baby was born by a caesarian section and was discharged from hospital by caeesareans. The mothers were followed for at minimum six months. The studies did not show any differences in birthweight, ventilation requirements, necrotising enterocolitis and requirement for repeat surgery between the groups. None of our outcomes were reported in the included study. We also looked at gestational age at birth as a non-prespecified outcome. There was a difference in gestational (before the baby is born) at birth between the group of women who received the elective intervention and the group that received the spontaneous intervention. Possible reasons for this small mean difference include a trend for spontaneous pre-birth in pregnancies with gastrochisitis. This review is unable to draw any firm conclusions regarding pretermbirth for babies born with gastric disorders. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week, that compared paracetamol with placebo (a pretend medicine) for treating cancer pain. The studies were conducted in adults. All used paracetamic acid (a substance that contains paracetaminophen) as an addition to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). Other non-drugs used in the studies included non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics. We found no studies in children. The evidence was current to September 2014. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with no worse than mild pain at the end of the treatment period; or participants with a Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference between paracetamate and placebo when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetamyol being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other adverse events and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included studies were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable.
This review of 15 randomised trials found that there is not enough evidence to confidently recommend any particular drug for treating wet patches on the pillow. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propanheline, doxapine, or other antimuscarinic drugs) were the most commonly evaluated drugs. For the outcome of 'no improvement' astemizole and diphenHydramine were more effective than placebo (asteemizoles: n=97, 2 RCTs, RR 0.61 CI 0.47 to 0.81 NNT 3 CI 2 to 5; diphen hydrate: n/a, RR 1.5 to 2.5), but the doses of astemizeole used were those that can cause toxicity. Data involving propantheline were heterogeneous (I2= 86.6%), but both studies showed benefit over placebo. Of the other interventions, oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract) showed benefit in terms of 'No clinically important change' over the antimuscinic doxepin (n=104, RR 2 to 7). The Chinese medicine suo quo wan (comprises spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) showed a benefit over doxenin (1 RCT, RR 3 to 3.7). There are currently insufficient data to confidently inform clinical practice. Well conducted randomised controlled trials are possible. Some may be underway. Current practice outside of well designed randomised clinical trials should be clearly justified.
We included six randomised controlled studies (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 195 participants with MS. Two studies investigated the effects of inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three studies investigated expiratory muscle-training with a resistive threshold device (a device placed inside the muscle to increase the amount of air pumped out); and one study investigated regular breathing exercises (a form of breathing exercise). Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out of the studies. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found low-quality evidence that inspiratory exercises with a resistance device are moderately effective postintervention for improving predicted maximal inspiratory pressure in people with mild to moderate MS. However, we could not perform a meta-analysis for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. The quality of evidence was low for all outcome measures because of the small number of studies included and imprecise results. We were unable to perform a combined analysis for adverse events, no serious adverse events were mentioned in any of the included trials. The sustainability of the favourable effect of inspirated muscle training is unclear, as is the impact of the observed effects on quality of life.
This review identified one randomised clinical trial (RCT) that compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication for treating ITP during pregnancy. This trial included 38 women (41 pregnancies) and 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. The trial did not provide evidence about other medical treatments. The evidence is current to September 2014. The RCT did not show that betametasone reduced the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia or neonatal bleeding in ITP. The results of this review do not provide any evidence about the effects of betametsone on other medical treatment for ITP in pregnant women. The review also identified the need for well-designed randomised trials on medical treatments for this medical condition during pregnancy, which should test a variety of important outcomes for the mother, her baby and/or both.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 or 81) that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus before the operation and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so we could not assess if the results from this study had affected the overall results of the review. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. A single case of graft failure in a penetrating keratinoplasty was reported. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. Instances of graft rejection were reported, in both groups, in the studies. The majority of these cases were successfully treated with steroids. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK. Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% confidence interval (CI) suggesting an imprecise estimate, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another with regards for graft failure. DALK was unable to
We included 67 randomised controlled studies (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Denmark and the UK. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). The evidence was of moderate quality. Women receiving iron were less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control. Women had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the time of intervention, and had a lower risk of iron deficiency compared to control. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Women taking iron had a reduced risk of anaemia compared to those receiving control, and were more likely to have a higher risk of haemodynamic measurements of haeoglobin concentration. Women who took iron were more prone to experiencing gastrointestinal side effects (such as abdominal pain, constipation, loose stools/diarrhoea, and abdominal pain). Women taking an iron supplement had an increased risk of having a hard stools or constipation compared to controls. Women in the control group had no evidence of an increased prevalence of nausea. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. The quality of the evidence was moderate for anaemia, and high for haemodynamics. The overall quality of evidence was high for iron supplementation.
This review identified five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine over the irinotspecified treatment alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment study. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed as low to moderate quality. There was no reduction in all-cause mortality in the combination treatment arm. Longer progression-free survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy, however, this may have come from the single first line study. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression- free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment.
This review of trials found that the best incision for abdominal surgery is a transverse incision (the incision that faces the abdomen) and the best time to make the incision is around the time of the operation. The results of this review suggest that a transversal or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehirving or hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests a transversely incision may be less painful. There was no difference seen in other complications and recovery times. The surgical technique used to reduce the use of analgesia and the pulmonary compromise may be reduced with a transvertebral incision but this does not seem to be significant clinically. The likelihood of wound dehiscence and rupture appears to be reduced and a transveductal (or transverse) incision appears to have better appearance. The methodological and clinical diversity of these trials means that the results in favour of a surgical technique (particularly with regard to analgesic use) should be treated with caution. The optimal incision still remains the preference of the surgeon.
We included nine studies with a total of 9981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age of participants ranged from 33 to 351.7 years. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (participants and researchers were aware of the treatment they received). In four studies, participants were assigned to receive MBR or usual care. In the other four studies participants were allocated to receive either usual care or another type of treatment. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review found that people who received MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, and time away from work. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms that people could use their work-related outcomes, whereas effects for work- related outcomes were in the moderate range. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The included studies were of low to moderate quality. The main limitations of the available evidence were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. More high-quality studies are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4481 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. Bisphosphonates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression in men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. Bisplatinates probably reduce the number and severity of bone metastases. Bispratinates may increase the number (and severity) of kidney problems. Bisosphonate administration probably increases the number that experience nausea and kidney problems, but the quality of evidence was moderate. Bisphalosphonics probably reduce bone metastasis and disease growth. Bisphasophosphonic drugs probably reduce mortality. Bispalates probably increase the risk of kidney damage and nausea. Bispelatinic drugs may reduce the risk that men with bone metastasies from prostate cancer will experience bone breakdown. Bispleatinic agents probably reduce disease progression. Bisphaetonic drugs are probably safe and effective in men who have bone metastase from prostate. Bispanic drugs should be used with caution because of the increased risk of renal problems and nausea in men receiving bisphosphosphonatinates. Bisplanates should be considered in combination with other drugs for men with metastatic prostate cancer. Bishanosphonatide administration should be compared with other treatments such as radiotherapy, chemotherapy, radiotherapy and radiotherapy alone. Bishexonate treatment should be given for at least six months to a year. Bisphaseic drugs need to be used in combination and should be monitored for at minimum six months. Bisphenic drugs must be used for at most six months and should not be used at all if the cancer has spread beyond the bone.
We searched for randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared HDT plus stem cell transplantation with chemotherapy or immuno chemotherapy in patients with FL. We found five RCTs involving 1093 patients. Four trials were conducted in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapses. The quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to have been open-label studies. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias is uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We also found that patients with previously untreated FL patients had a statistically significant PFS advantage in the HDT + ASCT arm (PFS: 0.42 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33 to 1.54; P < 0.00001). However, this effect was not transferred into an OS advantage (HR = 0.97; 95% CI 0.76 to 1). For OS in patients who had relapsed FL, there is some evidence that HDT+ASCT is advantageous in terms of PFS and OS (Pfs: 0%. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers). For patients with relapsed patients, there was some evidence (one trial, N = 70) that HDt + ASC is advantageous (P FS: 0%). For this study, no evidence was found for OS, TRM and secondary cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT - ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT and ASCT compared with chemotherapy and immuno-chemotherapy in
We included 15 randomised trials with 1437 participants. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials compared WDD with placebo or no treatment, other antipsychotic drugs, or other treatments for schizophrenia. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The average age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The majority of participants were male. The mean duration of the trials was between one and three months. The included trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no intervention. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) and mental state when compared with other treatments. WDD also showed some positive short- term antipsychotics global effects compared to placebo or other antipressive drugs. However when WDD is compared with antipsychotropic drugs, there was no effect on global or mental state, but WDD caused fewer side effects. When WDD + antipsychoid was compared to antipsychiotic alone, the combination group had better global state and mental health. However WDD combined with an antipsychative caused fewer adverse effects. The combination was associated more side effects than antipsychosis alone. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all comparisons. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of WDD for people with schizophrenia.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2017 and found three new studies (228 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We found 12 studies with 799 participants. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (moderate-quality results). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain at first day between multistingrand and thermoels. 3. Conventional NiTi versus su pererelactic NiTi arches. There are three studies in these group, and it is not appropriate for us to analyse them. We are unable to determine from these three studies to decide whether there are any differences between conventional and su perelastic niTi arch wire materials with regard to either alignment or pain (low to very low-quality data). 4. Con conventional NiTi vs thermoelaelastic ni ti arch wires There are two studies, but we are unable for us not to analyse these studies. There may be no difference in the pain at the first day of use between conventional Ni Ti and su pneumatic NiTi or between conventional or supelelastic Ni ti arch wire material. 5. Superelactic niTi versus single-strand supelastic ni Ti. There
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found one study that met our inclusion criteria. This study included 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study was conducted in 16 nursing homes in France. The participants were followed up for three months. The results of the study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item score scale). For the CMAI, the study reported a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing, Verbally Non- Aggressive Beh behaviour, such a repetition of a word or action, and Physically Aggressive Behavior, such an action, such is hitting. For the OS, the results were not statistically significant. For all other domains, the CBAI scales showed improvement in the intervention group. The evidence is current to January 2017. The quality of the evidence was very low. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research on the effectiveness and safety of this intervention is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had small sample size and short follow-up periods. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. One trial compared topical skin products given at different frequencies of application. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One of these trials compared a structured washcloth washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties with soap and water. The evidence is current up to 28 September 2016. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and washing water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use soap and wash water. Findings from the other trials, all being of very low to moderate quality suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be better than not applying a left-on skin care product. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. No evidence on the effects of interventions for preventing and treating IAD in adults exists. The performance of leave-ons depends on the combination of ingredients, the overall formulation and the amount applied. The quality of the evidence was very low or moderate for the outcomes of this review.
We included seven randomised controlled studies with 333 participants in our review. The evidence was current to September 2014. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The antiviral agents used in the trials were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. The duration of treatment varied between 20 days and six months. The quality of the evidence is very low. The risk of bias for all included studies was either unclear or high risk of systematic error. The results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the antiviral group but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Future studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be combined due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. There is no evidence of effectiveness for all other outcomes. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcome there was no statistically significant difference in antiviral therapy
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine. Insulin glargines were given once-daily in the evening. Insulins were given twice-daily and once-weekly. The results showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia between treatment groups. Insulation with insulin glargin resulted in a lower daily basal insulin dose and a lower number of injection site reactions. Ins insulin detenir was associated with less weight gain. There was no significant difference in the variability of blood glucose values in 24-hour profiles between treatment group. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality of life and showed no differences between treatment. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality oflife, costs or mortality. Our analyses suggest that there is no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between insulin detamir and insulin glurgine for targeting hyperglycaemia. However, to achieve the same glycaemic control insulin deteemir was often injected twice-weekly in a higher dose but with less body weight gain, while insulin gl argine was injected once-day, with somewhat fewer injection site reaction.
This review of trials found that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of patients with bowel problems. However, SNS did not improve symptoms in patients with constipation. Side effects were reported in a percentage of participants: pain in the leg at the implant site (6%), a small amount of pain at the site of the implant (2%), and excessive tingling in a part of the vaginal region (9%). In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, participants with severe bowel problems in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of bowel problems compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy (mean difference (MD) 5.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.30, 95%, 95% CI −10.34 to −2.26 at 12 months). In addition, adverse events occurred in some patients where these were reported. In the trial by Thin, participants in the parallel-group trial experienced fewer bowel symptoms in the 'off' (before stimulation) period compared with the 'on' period (MD 3.00, 95%) and the 'percussive' (after stimulation) group (MD 4.20). In the crossover trial by Kahlke, 14 participants with bowel disorders experienced significantly lower episodes of abdominal pain and bloating in the stimulator 'on', compared with 'off', however, the median (range) episodes of these episodes of pain and inflammation were higher in the group of five participants. In contrast, in the trial conducted in Dinning, S NS did not increase frequency of bowel movements and 73 adverse events were reported, which included pain at site of implant, wound infection, and urological events. Four of 27 participants experienced an adverse event resulting in removal of the stimulators. In conclusion, SBS can improve bowel function in a small proportion of participants with incontinence. However SNS does not
The review of trials found that the failure of molar tubes bonded with either a chemical-cured or light-curing adhesive was considerably higher than that of molars cemented with glass ionomer cement. One trial indicated that the risk of tooth decay was less with molar bands cemented in glass ionomers than with molars bonded with a light-coloured adhesive. However, given there are limited data for this outcome, further evidence is required to draw more robust conclusions.
We searched scientific databases for studies that compared EUS with other diagnostic tests for gastric cancer. We included studies that assessed the accuracy of EUS in identifying gastric cancers of the colon, stomach, or other organs. We found that the accuracy and specificity of EUs might be useful to guide physicians in the locoregional stage of people with gastric carcinoma. However, the quality of the included studies was good. The ability of EU to identify gastric tumours in the colon and stomach was assessed in 50 studies (4397 participants). The ability to identify the presence of tumours of the stomach or stomach wall was assessed by the ability of the EUS to identify tumours that were not in the stomach. The accuracy of the diagnostic tests was assessed also in 44 studies (3573 participants). We found the ability to distinguish between tumours with and without the presence or absence of lymph nodes. The EUS diagnostic test was assessed for the ability and specificity for the detection of tumour presence or presence of lymph node status. The diagnostic test could be used for the diagnosis of gastric and other cancers of stomach, stomach or other parts of the body. The quality of evidence was good, but the results were not consistent across studies. The results of the studies were not always consistent. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the heterogeneity of the results. Therefore, the results of Eus should be interpreted with caution. Moreover, physicians should be warned that EUS is less accurate than other diagnostic tools for identifying superficial tumors (T-stage versus T-stage) and lymph node health status (positive versus negative). Overall, we observed large heterogeneity and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be drawn about the use of EUK in routine clinical settings.
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay laparoscopy for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women included in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The average or median age of the participants varied between 40 and 47 years. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that day-surgical laparopoietic cholecervical choleciectomy appears to be as safe as overnight stay surgery in laparoscope-related gallstones, with no significant difference in the rate of serious complications. There was no significant evidence of any difference in quality of life between the two groups. There were no significant differences between the groups regarding the following outcomes: pain, time to return to normal activity, time for the patient to return home from hospital, and time for a return to work. No significant difference was seen in the proportion of people requiring hospital readmission rate, the proportion who failed to be discharged as planned, or the number of people who were readmitted to hospital. No evidence of differences in the number who were discharged from hospital was found between the day- and overnight stay groups. The quality of the evidence was weakened by the small number of trials and the risk of bias in the included trials. The overall quality of evidence was low to moderate. The included trials were at high risk of systematic errors (bias) and play of chance (random errors). The quality and quantity of the data was low. The results of this review are based on a small number and the quality of data was very low.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active', or 'active' placebo, to help maintain blinding. We found four studies (1272 participants). The studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. The studies reported on pain and quality of life outcomes for people with chronic pain. High-concentration topical capsicin used to treat postherpetic neuralgia, painful diabetic neuropathy, and painful diabetic nerves caused by damaged nerves, was associated with moderate to substantial pain relief. About 10% more people reported that their pain was reduced by at least 30% or more with high-conccentration Capsaicin than with placebo. About 1 in 4 people (10%) had moderate or substantial pain reduction with capsaicine compared to about 1 in 12 (10%). The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did get high levels of pain relief, there were usually improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality (although the quality of the evidence was moderate or very low). No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious adverse events occurred in about 1 person in 10 (3.5%) people taking capsaicins, and no one experienced a serious adverse event with capsicine compared with placebo (3% with capsica). Side effects were no more common with capsamicin than placebo (2.2%). Side effects did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common in people taking placebo (21 to 67 events) than with capsacin (21-67 events). We rated the quality as moderate or low for most outcomes, mainly because of small numbers
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We combined the results of 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of treatment) from the trials. We found no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis, had no significant effect in participants with 30% to 49%, and was of benefit in participants 50% to 70% stenotic, and was highly beneficial in participants 70% to 99% stenologic without near-occlusion. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% or 69% symptomatic stenosis (moderate-quality evidence), and highly beneficial for those with 70% or 99% symptopic stenosis without near toocclusion (moderate quality evidence). We found that there was no evidence of benefit for people with near-OCclusion (high-quality information). We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for all outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared the two surgical techniques for preventing parastomal hernia formation. We found 10 studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants were adults with a wide range of diseases. The studies were published between 1980 and 2013. The results of the studies were inconclusive for the incidence of parastoma herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or stoma related mortality. The evidence is current to May 2015. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included studies were of poor quality. The overall quality of evidence was very low. The available evidence does not support or refute the superiority of one of the studied stoma formation techniques over the other. The findings of this review are based on only one study. The other 10 studies were not of high quality.
We searched for evidence on 20th September 2013 and found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our primary outcomes in interest. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation, clinical improvements in mental health and satisfaction with treatment, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapies but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low quality. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 participants with cancer pain of moderate or severe severity. Most studies were of poor quality. Most were conducted in the USA, and most were small. Most of the studies were conducted with small numbers of participants. The results of the trials were inconsistent. There was no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. There is very low-quality information that some people with moderate or severely cancer pain can obtain substantial levels of benefit within one or two weeks. There were no deaths, but these were not clearly related to any pain treatment. Common side effects were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of efficacy (24%) or side effects (5%). There is no high quality evidence to recommend or refute NSAIDs for the treatment of cancer pain.
We found two studies, which involved 287 participants. One study (with an overall risk of bias) involved 253 participants and reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group. Thus tinzAParin resulted in more rapid resolution of pain, as measured with a numerical pain scale. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days in favour of the tinZaparin treatment group. Participants treated with tinzabarin had significantly fewer hospitalisation days than participants in the group treated with placebo, with a mean difference of -4.98 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tiniaparin groups, and none in the control group. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including a total of 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more in the dalteparin group, with the mean difference -1 day in favour. The quality of evidence was very low. The most important reasons were serious risk of systematic errors (bias) and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Based on the results of two studies comprising 287 participants, evidence is incomplete for the use of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease. Vaso-occlusive crises are extremely debilitating for sufferers of sickle cells and therefore, well-designed placebo-controlled studies with other types of lowmolecules-weight-heparins, and in participants with different genotypes of sickled cell disease, still need to be conducted to confirm or dismiss the results from this single study. The overall quality of the evidence was low.
We searched for randomised controlled studies comparing anticoagulants with antiplatelets in patients with internal carotid artery dissection. We did not find any completed randomised trials. There were also no randomised studies directly comparing anticaagulant drugs with antiicoagulation drugs and the reported non-randomised studies did not show any evidence of a significant difference between the two. There was no evidence to support the routine use of anticoactive drugs for the treatment of internal carots.
We found 26 randomised controlled studies (2066 patients) comparing silver-containing dressings or topical agents with non-silver dressings. The trials were of poor quality, and included a variety of treatments. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver- containing dressings and topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP. The particular antibiotic regimen examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. All studies were conducted in the USA. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy. We did not find a difference between monotherapies and combination therapies for the use in the treatment and cure of people with VAB. We downgraded the quality of evidence for all- cause mortality, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. We also found no difference in clinical cure between carbapenems and non-carbapenem therapies. However, carbapensems are associated with a statistically significant increase in the clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. We judged the quality for adverse events to be low. Since studies did not identify patients with increased risk for multidrug-resistant bacteria, these data may not be generalisable to all patient groups. However this is the largest meta-analysis comparing monotherapy to multiple antibiotic therapies for VAP and contributes further evidence to the safety of using effective monotherapy for the empiric treatment of VAP in adults. Due to lack of studies, we could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAB, but carbapenos as a class may result in better clinical cure.
We found 29 studies investigating policies that targeted 11 drug classes for restriction. The policies were most often of older people or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. The policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred, with no increase in the use of other health services. Further research is needed to determine the impact of policies on health. Policy design needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted effects on the health system and health effects. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not equivalent. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society, also require explicit measurement.
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found 19 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies included a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. One study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points. The same two studies reported on plaque. There were no differences between the interventions in plaque reduction at all points. Two other studies reported dental decay at 6 months and 12 months respectively. There is no evidence that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gingsivitis, plaque or dental decay. Five studies compared some form of self-management versus some form or routine OHA and found little evidence of any difference between the two groups. None of the studies measured dental decay or gingival decay. Seven studies compared enhanced OHA with some form and routine Oha. There are no differences in the outcomes between the groups. There has been insufficient high-quality research to recommend any specific one- to-one oral health maintenance or improvement method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high- quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of one to-to one OHA for oral health. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
This review found five small trials that compared oral steroids with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo were included. One trial (40 participants) reported that oral steroids provided a more rapid initial improvement in pain compared to no treatment but the effect was not maintained after six weeks. A second trial reported no significant differences between oral steroids and placebo in pain or range of movement but it suggested improvement occurred earlier in the steroid group. A third trial reported that orally administered steroids provided more rapid improvement in shoulder pain compared with no treatment, but the benefit was not sustained after five months. There were minimal adverse effects reported. The trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial and three trials had different comparators. Available data from two placebo and one no-treatment controlled trial provides "Silver" level evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) that oral steroid provides significant short term benefits in pain, range of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis but the effects may not be maintained beyond six weeks but the evidence is of moderate quality. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three studies compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from these studies further increased the risk of bias. None were able to provide detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which we had planned to use as our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between rTMs and sham rTms using the ALSFRS-r scores and manual muscle testing (MMT) scores in this trial. None of the trials reported any adverse events associated with the use of rTMT. There is currently insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of r tMS in the treatment of ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is considered against the impact of participation in a randomised trial on people with ALS. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations and the incomplete outcome data, treatment with rTHS is not completely safe.
We included 10 randomised controlled studies (with a total of 1049 participants) comparing different treatments for BP. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better control of disease at 1 month than prednisolone alone, while another trial showed no difference in disease control at 6 months. No differences in disease were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisolate, for azathioprine plus prednussone compared with prednisalone alone, for tetracycline plus prednosone compared to prednison alone, and for prednisoleone plus azathiopere compared with the same treatment plus plasma exchange. In another trial, clobetasol showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisosone in people with extensive and moderate disease, with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events. Chinese traditional medicine plus prednesone was not effective in one trial. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids (clobet aspartame) with a milder regimen (claproxine) in one study. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP. Starting doses of prednusolone greater than 0.75 mg/kg/day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of adverse reactions. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for blood pressure in BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. The effectiveness needs further investigation.
This review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, the quality of the trials was generally low. The trials were small and of poor methodological quality. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. In nine trials that evaluated herbal medicine combined with standard therapy, six tested herbal preparations showed additional benefit from the combination therapy compared with conventional monotherapy. No serious adverse events were reported. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of LNG and other hormonal drugs in preventing pregnancy among women with infrequent intercourse. The trials included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included LNG 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg, and hormones other than LNG (7 trials). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation rates, side effects, and acceptability. The studies showed that LNG was reasonably efficacious and safe. Most women liked the pericoital method in the most, despite frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. The quality of the evidence was moderate. Most reports were decades old and provided limited information. However we considered the evidence to be of moderate quality because of the large number of participants, the low pregnancy rates and the consistent results across studies. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety as a primary means of contraception among women who have infrequent sex. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current recommendations and marketing strategies.
We included 15 studies with 561 participants in this review. The studies were conducted across Europe, India, China, South Korea and USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with the predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients were included in this update. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that surgical anchorage was more effective than conventional anchorage in the reinforcement of upper first molar teeth. There was no evidence of a difference in the length of treatment between surgical and conventional anchage. There is moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is more effective with surgical anchachment than conventional anchorage, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. There were no differences in patient-reported outcomes such as pain and acceptability between the two techniques. There are no reported harms of either surgical or conventional anchoring. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of mesiodistal movement of upper and lower first molars. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome of mesodistal molar movement of teeth. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of studies.
We included 50 studies (45.285 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that statins reduce the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and death from any cause by 20% in people with CKD who did not have CVD at baseline. Statins also reduce the risks of stroke and death by 20%. Statins have uncertain effects on progression of CKD. Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood. Statine-related adverse effects were not well reported in the included studies. We were unable to determine the relative effects of intensive cholesterol lowering in people who have early stages of kidney disease.
We searched for studies that compared the use of painkillers for pain in children with cerebral palsy and osteogenesis imperfecta (CYP with LLCs) with standard care or placebo. We found nine studies that involved a total number of 379 children. The children in the studies were aged from 2 to 19 years. The trials evaluated painkillers in children and adults with cerebral and osteogenic disorders. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Thailand, Thailand and Turkey. The evidence is current to September 2014. The nine studies evaluated pain killers for pain relief in children who had cerebral palsies and osteogenoid disorders. Painkillers included intrathecal baclofen (ITB), botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A), bisphosphonate and pamidronate. The drugs were given to children with cypstomies (CYP with LLCS) and osteogensis (OI). The studies did not evaluate any commonly used painkillers. The quality of the trials was mixed. Only one study involved over 100 participants. For the two ITB studies for pain reduction in CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or a placebo). In the two BoNT-a trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT trials mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who were given alendronate and the trial investigating pamidine found no evidence that the intervention reduced pain compared to a control group. No adverse events were reported in this trial. In the Bo NT trials there were eight serious adverse events, which included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. In one trial there were also eight
We searched for evidence on 15 January 2017 and found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared latrepirdine with placebo (a pretend drug) or another drug in people with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. The evidence is current to February 2017. We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were also included in the analyses. No data were available from the seventh trial. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United States. The results of the trials were imprecise and we were unable to determine whether latrepiritine had any effect on cognition, behaviour or function. However, there was some evidence showing a very small benefit of latrepircine on the neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoints (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that latrepirthine and placebo were comparable in adverse events (adverse events include: serious adverse events, dropouts due to adverse events and dropouts because of adverse events). The quality of the evidence provided on these outcomes was low. The quality was downgraded because of the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and the likelihood of bias of the studies. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse effects compared with placebo, there is no effect of latREPirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of the drug on neuropsychological symptoms in AD.
We included seven randomised controlled studies (RICs) involving 735 participants. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing or treating ischaemic stroke respectively. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the incidence of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stenting. However, there was considerable uncertainty about these conclusions because of the small number of studies and low quality of the evidence. We also found low quality evidence that for people with acute ischaemia, RIC treatment may increase death or dependence in participants who are undergoing intravenous clot-busting treatment. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment. No trial reported ischaechic stroke, recurrent ischaecic stroke or improved neurological, cerebral small vessel disease. We assessed the quality of evidence as low for all outcomes. We considered the quality to be low for the following reasons: 1. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019. 2. The quality of studies was low or very low for most outcomes. 3. The included studies were small and of low quality. 4. The studies were conducted in different countries. 5. The results of the included studies varied between studies. 6. The number of participants in the included trials was small. 7. The overall quality of trials was low.
We included six randomised controlled studies (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to August 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of the infants was less than 28 weeks. The average age of infants ranged from 25 to 36 weeks. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. The protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays, and higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations compared to the unsuppulent group. There is no evidence that protein supplements increase the risk of feeding intolerance, necrotizing enterocolitis, or changes in serum albumin concentrations. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifiers and be designed to determine the effects on duration of hospital stay and safety, as well as on long term growth, body fat, cardio-mechanical, and neurodevelopment outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of PEMs to no intervention. We included 45 studies: 14 randomised controlled trials and 31 studies that used the method of ITS. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and compared to no treatment, PEM may have small beneficial effects on professional practice outcomes. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect of P EMs on patient outcomes, and clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known. The effectiveness of the PEM compared to other interventions, or of Pems as part of a multifaceted intervention, is uncertain.
This review of 23 randomised trials found that interventions aimed at promoting sexual behaviour change in young women which aim to reduce STI transmission can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. However, there were few statistically significant effects on sexual activity and there was uncertainty about the effects of interventions on biological (STI) outcomes. Future evaluations should include a greater focus on HPV and its link to cervical cancer, with long-term follow-ups to assess impact on behaviour change, rates of HPV infection and progression to cervical cancers. Studies should be designed to address the risk of bias and should be of good quality. Given the predominance of the USA studies in this systematic review, evaluations conducted elsewhere would be particularly useful.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2014. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychotherapy with cognitive behavior therapy. Participants receiving brief psycho education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term and medium term. Participants were also more likely to comply with medication in the medium term, and were more likely than those who received routine care to be able to take their medication. Participants who received brief psychoeducational interventions were less prone to relapse than those given routine care. Participants in the brief psycho Education group were more satisfied with their treatment and were less anxious and depressed than those in the routine care group. Participants with brief psychoediation were more able to complete medication compliance tests than those with routine treatment. Participants' mental state was improved in the shorter term, but not in the long term. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved in those who had brief psycho eduction. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in the shortest term, nor in the death rate in either group. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, brief psychoanalysis of any form appears to reduce relapse in the mid-term, and promote medication compliance in the very short term. A brief psychoeducated approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent flare-ups. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent exacerbations was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but the sponsored study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies. The results of the review suggest that LAMA+LABA has fewer flare-up episodes, a larger improvement in lung function, and a lower risk of pneumonia. People with COPD treated with LAMA +LABA also have better quality of life, and are more likely to have a better lung function than people treated with LABA+LAMA. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of the studies were that they were small, had a high risk of bias, and were conducted in a way that could have led to overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. All children were discharged from the emergency department without any admission to hospital. The studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen (30% oxygen given for 20 minutes) or no treatment. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found no new studies for this update. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared helox with 30%. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes. The mean croup scores at 20 and 90 minutes postintervention may not differ between groups. There may not be any difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate at 20 or 90 minutes. There was no difference between the groups in terms of hospitalisation rates. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no intervention. There were no differences between groups for the other outcomes. In the third study, 29 children with severe to moderate croup were treated with intramuscular dexametasone and either helox or adrenaline (one to two doses of adrenaline for three hours). There may have been no difference at 60 minutes posttreatment. There is no difference for the outcomes of respiratory rate or heart rate between groups, but there may be a difference at 120 minutes. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not combine the results from the different studies because each comparison included data from only one study. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all the outcomes. The quality of evidence was down
The review of trials found that the use of red flags to screen for vertebral fracture in patients presenting for low blood pressure is not useful. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. When combinations of red flag tests are used, the performance appears to improve. It should be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with low blood pressures.
This review identified two randomised trials that compared urethral dilatation and optical urethrotomy with urethroplasty in 210 adult men with urethra strictures. One trial compared the outcomes of surgical and ureteral dilatations and optical surgery in 210 men with urinary strictures following pelvic fracture injury. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. The second trial compared urerotomy and surgery for urethric strictures in 50 men. In the first six months after surgery, men were more likely to require further surgery in the surgery group than in the urethrotomy group. After two years, 16 of 25 men initially treated by urethr surgery required continued treatment with unisutomy or further surgery for a recurrence of the urethrera. There were insufficient data to perform meta-analysis (combining of results) or to reliably determine effect size. There were insufficient results to determine which intervention is best for ureral stricture disease. Well designed, adequately powered multi-centre trials are needed to answer relevant clinical questions regarding treatment of men with Urethral strictures and to determine the best treatment for uremic strictures, including the balance of benefits and harms. 
We found six trials (including two trials testing two different inhalers) that compared daily inhaled corticosteroids with intermittent inhaling corticostimulants. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, or persistent asthma contributed to the meta-analyses. There was no statistically significant group difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacerbations requiring oral corticoids (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.87 to 1.32; the large confidence interval translates into a risk of exacerbations in the intermittent ICS group varying between 17% and 25%, assuming a 19% risk with daily ICS). The age of the patients, severity of airway obstruction, step-up protocol used during exacerbations and trial duration did not significantly influence the primary efficacy outcome. No group difference was observed in the number of patients with serious adverse health events (1055 patients; CI 0.82; 95%, CI 0 to 2.03). Compared to the daily IC, the intermittent inhaled ICS treatment showed a smaller improvement in change in peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) by 2.56% (95% CI -4.49% to -0.63%), fewer symptom-free days (standardised mean difference (SMD) -0,15 (95%) -0 and 0.15 (0.15) -9% (CI -14% to 4%), fewer asthma control days (9% CI 0,14% -14%) -9 puffs/day and a greater increase from baseline in exhaled nitric oxide of 16.80 parts per billion (95%). There was a greater group difference (16.80 puffs per billion) in exhaling nitric oxalic oxide (a measure of lung function) between the daily and intermittent IC treatment groups. In children and adults with persistent asthma and in preschool children suspected of
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 people with kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled a total of 1130 people with chronic kidney disease. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling and six studies (739 people) assessed dietary patterns. The studies were not designed to examine all causes of death or heart disease. The evidence is current to January 2017. The dietary interventions may increase health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. The diet may also lower systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood blood pressure (a measure of blood pressure) and serum diastol blood pressure. The diets were followed up for a median of 12 months. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the studies were poor reporting of study methods and small numbers of participants. The results of the review are uncertain as dietary interventions have uncertain effects on death, heart disease and heart attack. The review suggests that dietary interventions are likely to have beneficial effects on health- related quality oflife, e-GFR and serum serum albumins, and may lower blood cholesterol levels, but the certainty of these results is very low as the studies did not report on these outcomes. The findings of this review are based on very low quality evidence. The overall quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes.
We found only one study that compared the effectiveness of mist therapy with nebulised saline and nebulising salbutamol in children aged between seven weeks and 24 months. The results showed that nebulisation of the bronchiolitis symptoms with nebutamole was effective for young children with bronchiolytic bronchitis but mist in a tent did not lead to a significant decrease in the RDS score. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy for acute bronchiosurgery in children up to three years old.
We searched for studies that compared the effect of statins with placebo or no treatment in people with Alzheimer's disease. We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's Disease according to standard criteria and were established on a statin. The evidence is current to August 2015. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Alzheimer's Cognitive Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin treatment. All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from baseline. There was no benefit from the statin in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. When we combined data, the evidence showed no significant difference between statins and placebo. There were no significant differences in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We did not find any studies assessing role of statin therapy in treatment of VaD.
This review identified four studies involving a total of 149 participants. Two studies assessed the effects of night splinting in a total number of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no significant differences between wearing a night splander and not wearing a day splander. One study assessed the effect of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While increasing the prednisones dose to 1.5 mg/kg/day had no significant effect on the ankle range of motion, there was some improvement in some strength and function parameters. One trial evaluated the effects on ankle range-of-motion of surgery in 20 young boys with muscular dystema. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon tear. There is no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range in Charcot and muscular dysteopathy or Duchennes muscular dystonia. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing upright and ambulatory (walking) versus recumbent (lying) positions in the first stage of labour. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries, and included women of all ages. We found that walking and upright positions in labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, and the need for epidural. Women who were upright were also less likely to have a caesaryan section and less likely than women who were in recumbency (lying on their backs) to have an epidural (15 studies, 2503 women). Babies of mothers who were walking were less likely (one study, 200 women) to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (one trial, 200 babies). There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes including duration of the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. For comparison 2, walking and ambulant positions versus recubent positions and bed care (with epidural: all women), there were no differences between the groups for duration of second stage or other important outcomes related the well-being of mothers or babies. There is clear and important evidence that walking or standing upright in the early stages of labour reduces the duration and risk of the first phase of labour and does not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. There were few studies that compared upright and mobile positions with recumbence (lying flat on their back) or bed care. The quality of the evidence was variable. More research is needed to confirm the true benefits and risks of upright and mobility compared with recubency.
